--and thou shalt call his name jesus; for he shall save his people fromtheir sins.--_matthew_ i.
21.i would help some to understand what jesus came from the home of ourfather to be to us and do for us.
everything in the world is more orless misunderstood at first: we have to learn what it is, and come atlength to see that it must be so, that it could not be otherwise.
thenwe know it; and we never know a thing _really_ until we know it thus.
i presume there is scarce a human being who, resolved to speak openly,would not confess to having something that plagued him, something fromwhich he would gladly be free, something rendering it impossible forhim, at the moment, to regard life as an altogether good thing.
mostmen, i presume, imagine that, free of such and such things antagonistic,life would be an unmingled satisfaction, worthy of being prolongedindefinitely.
the causes of their discomfort are of all kinds, and thedegrees of it reach from simple uneasiness to a misery such as makesannihilation the highest hope of the sufferer who can persuade himselfof its possibility.
perhaps the greater part of the energy of thisworld's life goes forth in the endeavour to rid itself of discomfort.
some, to escape it, leave their natural surroundings behind them, andwith strong and continuous effort keep rising in the social scale, todiscover at every new ascent fresh trouble, as they think, awaitingthem, whereas in truth they have brought the trouble with them.
others,making haste to be rich, are slow to find out that the poverty of theirsouls, none the less that their purses are filling, will yet keep themunhappy.
some court endless change, nor know that on themselves thechange must pass that will set them free.
others expand their souls withknowledge, only to find that content will not dwell in the great housethey have built.
to number the varieties of human endeavour to escapediscomfort would be to enumerate all the modes of such life as does notknow how to live.
all seek the thing whose defect appears the _cause_ oftheir misery, and is but the variable _occasion_ of it, the cause of theshape it takes, not of the misery itself; for, when one apparent causeis removed, another at once succeeds.
the real cause of his trouble is asomething the man has not perhaps recognized as even existent; in anycase he is not yet acquainted with its true nature.
however absurd the statement may appear to one who has not yetdiscovered the fact for himself, the cause of every man's discomfort isevil, moral evil--first of all, evil in himself, his own sin, his ownwrongness, his own unrightness; and then, evil in those he loves: withthis latter i have not now to deal; the only way to get rid of it, isfor the man to get rid of his own sin.
no special sin may berecognizable as having caused this or that special physicaldiscomfort--which may indeed have originated with some ancestor; butevil in ourselves is the cause of its continuance, the source of itsnecessity, and the preventive of that patience which would soon takefrom it, or at least blunt its sting.
the evil is _essentially_unnecessary, and passes with the attainment of the object for which itis permitted--namely, the development of pure will in man; the sufferingalso is essentially unnecessary, but while the evil lasts, thesuffering, whether consequent or merely concomitant, is absolutelynecessary.
foolish is the man, and there are many such men, who wouldrid himself or his fellows of discomfort by setting the world right, bywaging war on the evils around him, while he neglects that integral partof the world where lies his business, his first business--namely, hisown character and conduct.
were it possible--an absurd supposition--thatthe world should thus be righted from the outside, it would yet beimpossible for the man who had contributed to the work, remaining whathe was, ever to enjoy the perfection of the result; himself not in tunewith the organ he had tuned, he must imagine it still a distracted,jarring instrument.
the philanthropist who regards the wrong as in therace, forgetting that the race is made up of conscious and wrongindividuals, forgets also that wrong is always generated in and done byan individual; that the wrongness exists in the individual, and by himis passed over, as tendency, to the race; and that no evil can be curedin the race, except by its being cured in its individuals: tendency isnot absolute evil; it is there that it may be resisted, not yielded to.
there is no way of making three men right but by making right each oneof the three; but a cure in one man who repents and turns, is abeginning of the cure of the whole human race.
even if a man's suffering be a far inheritance, for the curing of whichby faith and obedience this life would not be sufficiently long, faithand obedience will yet render it endurable to the man, and overflow inhelp to his fellow-sufferers.
the groaning body, wrapt in the garment ofhope, will, with outstretched neck, look for its redemption, and endure.
the one cure for any organism, is to be set right--to have all itsparts brought into harmony with each other; the one comfort is to knowthis cure in process.
rightness alone is cure.
the return of theorganism to its true self, is its only possible ease.
to free a man fromsuffering, he must be set right, put in health; and the health at theroot of man's being, his rightness, is to be free from wrongness, thatis, from sin.
a man is right when there is no wrong in him.
the wrong,the evil is in him; he must be set free from it.
i do not mean set freefrom the sins he has done: that will follow; i mean the sins he isdoing, or is capable of doing; the sins in his being which spoil hisnature--the wrongness in him--the evil he consents to; the sin he is,which makes him do the sin he does.
to save a man from his sins, is to say to him, in sense perfect andeternal, 'rise up and walk.
be at liberty in thy essential being.
befree as the son of god is free.'
to do this for us, jesus was born, andremains born to all the ages.
when misery drives a man to call out tothe source of his life,--and i take the increasing outcry againstexistence as a sign of the growth of the race toward a sense of the needof regeneration--the answer, i think, will come in a quickening of hisconscience.
this earnest of the promised deliverance may not, in allprobability will not be what the man desires; he will want only to berid of his suffering; but that he cannot have, save in being deliveredfrom its essential root, a thing infinitely worse than any suffering itcan produce.
if he will not have that deliverance, he must keep hissuffering.
through chastisement he will take at last the only way thatleads into the liberty of that which is and must be.
there can be nodeliverance but to come out of his evil dream into the glory of god.
it is true that jesus came, in delivering us from our sins, to deliverus also from the painful consequences of our sins.
but theseconsequences exist by the one law of the universe, the true will of theperfect.
that broken, that disobeyed by the creature, disorganizationrenders suffering inevitable; it is the natural consequence of theunnatural--and, in the perfection of god's creation, the result iscurative of the cause; the pain at least tends to the healing of thebreach.
the lord never came to deliver men from the consequences oftheir sins while yet those sins remained: that would be to cast out ofwindow the medicine of cure while yet the man lay sick; to go deadagainst the very laws of being.
yet men, loving their sins, and feelingnothing of their dread hatefulness, have, consistently with their lowcondition, constantly taken this word concerning the lord to mean thathe came to save them from the punishment of their sins.
the idea--themiserable fancy rather--has terribly corrupted the preaching of thegospel.
the message of the good news has not been truly delivered.
unable to believe in the forgiveness of their father in heaven,imagining him not at liberty to forgive, or incapable of forgivingforthright; not really believing him god our saviour, but a god bound,either in his own nature or by a law above him and compulsory upon him,to exact some recompense or satisfaction for sin, a multitude ofteaching men have taught their fellows that jesus came to bear ourpunishment and save us from hell.
they have represented a result as theobject of his mission--the said result nowise to be desired by true mansave as consequent on the gain of his object.
the mission of jesus wasfrom the same source and with the same object as the punishment of oursins.
he came to work along with our punishment.
he came to side withit, and set us free from our sins.
no man is safe from hell until he isfree from his sins; but a man to whom his sins, that is the evil thingsin him, are a burden, while he may indeed sometimes feel as if he werein hell, will soon have forgotten that ever he had any other hell tothink of than that of his sinful condition.
for to him his sins arehell; he would go to the other hell to be free of them; free of them,hell itself would be endurable to him.
for hell is god's and not thedevil's.
hell is on the side of god and man, to free the child of godfrom the corruption of death.
not one soul will ever be redeemed fromhell but by being saved from his sins, from the evil in him.
if hell beneedful to save him, hell will blaze, and the worm will writhe and bite,until he takes refuge in the will of the father.
'salvation from hell,is salvation as conceived by such to whom hell and not evil is theterror.'
but if even for dread of hell a poor soul seek the father, hewill be heard of him in his terror, and, taught of him to seek theimmeasurably greater gift, will in the greater receive the less.
there is another important misapprehension of the words of themessengers of the good tidings--that they threaten us with punishmentbecause of the sins we have committed, whereas their message is offorgiveness, not of vengeance; of deliverance, not of evil to come.
notfor anything he has committed do they threaten a man with the outerdarkness.
not for any or all of his sins that are past shall a man becondemned; not for the worst of them needs he dread remainingunforgiven.
the sin he dwells in, the sin he will not come out of, isthe sole ruin of a man.
his present, his live sins--those pervading histhoughts and ruling his conduct; the sins he keeps doing, and will notgive up; the sins he is called to abandon, and clings to; the same sinswhich are the cause of his misery, though he may not know it--these arethey for which he is even now condemned.
it is true the memory of thewrongs we have done is, or will become very bitter; but not for those iscondemnation; and if that in our character which made them possible wereabolished, remorse would lose its worst bitterness in the hope of futureamends.
'this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world,and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds wereevil.'
it is the indwelling badness, ready to produce bad actions, that we needto be delivered from.
against this badness if a man will not strive, heis left to commit evil and reap the consequences.
to be saved from theseconsequences, would be no deliverance; it would be an immediate, everdeepening damnation.
it is the evil in our being--no essential part ofit, thank god!--the miserable fact that the very child of god does notcare for his father and will not obey him, causing us to desire wrongly,act wrongly, or, where we try not to act wrongly, yet making itimpossible for us not to feel wrongly--this is what he came to deliverus from;--not the things we have done, but the possibility of doing suchthings any more.
with the departure of this possibility, and with thehope of confession hereafter to those we have wronged, will depart alsothe power over us of the evil things we have done, and so we shall besaved from them also.
the bad that lives in us, our evil judgments, ourunjust desires, our hate and pride and envy and greed andself-satisfaction--these are the souls of our sins, our live sins, moreterrible than the bodies of our sins, namely the deeds we do, inasmuchas they not only produce these loathsome things, but make us loathsomeas they.
our wrong deeds are our dead works; our evil thoughts are ourlive sins.
these, the essential opposites of faith and love, the sinsthat dwell and work in us, are the sins from which jesus came to deliverus.
when we turn against them and refuse to obey them, they rise infierce insistence, but the same moment begin to die.
we are then on thelord's side, as he has always been on ours, and he begins to deliver usfrom them.
anything in you, which, in your own child, would make you feel him notso pleasant as you would have him, is something wrong.
this may meanmuch to one, little or nothing to another.
things in a child which toone parent would not seem worth minding, would fill another with horror.
after his moral development, where the one parent would smile, the otherwould look aghast, perceiving both the present evil, and theserpent-brood to follow.
but as the love of him who is love, transcendsours as the heavens are higher than the earth, so must he desire in hischild infinitely more than the most jealous love of the best mother candesire in hers.
he would have him rid of all discontent, all fear, allgrudging, all bitterness in word or thought, all gauging and measuringof his own with a different rod from that he would apply to another's.
he will have no curling of the lip; no indifference in him to the manwhose service in any form he uses; no desire to excel another, nocontentment at gaining by his loss.
he will not have him receive thesmallest service without gratitude; would not hear from him a tone tojar the heart of another, a word to make it ache, be the ache ever sotransient.
from such, as from all other sins, jesus was born to deliverus; not, primarily, or by itself, from the punishment of any of them.
when all are gone, the holy punishment will have departed also.
he cameto make us good, and therein blessed children.
one master-sin is at the root of all the rest.
it is no individualaction, or anything that comes of mood, or passion; it is thenon-recognition by the man, and consequent inactivity in him, of thehighest of all relations, that relation which is the root and firstessential condition of every other true relation of or in the humansoul.
it is the absence in the man of harmony with the being whosethought is the man's existence, whose word is the man's power ofthought.
it is true that, being thus his offspring, god, as st paulaffirms, cannot be far from any one of us: were we not in closestcontact of creating and created, we could not exist; as we have in usno power to be, so have we none to continue being; but there is a closercontact still, as absolutely necessary to our well-being and highestexistence, as the other to our being at all, to the mere capacity offaring well or ill. for the highest creation of god in man is his will,and until the highest in man meets the highest in god, their truerelation is not yet a spiritual fact.
the flower lies in the root, butthe root is not the flower.
the relation exists, but while one of theparties neither knows, loves, nor acts upon it, the relation is, as itwere, yet unborn.
the highest in man is neither his intellect nor hisimagination nor his reason; all are inferior to his will, and indeed, ina grand way, dependent upon it: his will must meet god's--a will_distinct_ from god's, else were no _harmony_ possible between them.
notthe less, therefore, but the more, is all god's.
for god creates in theman the power to will his will.
it may cost god a suffering man cannever know, to bring the man to the point at which he will will hiswill; but when he is brought to that point, and declares for the truth,that is, for the will of god, he becomes one with god, and the end ofgod in the man's creation, the end for which jesus was born and died, isgained.
the man is saved from his sins, and the universe flowers yetagain in his redemption.
but i would not be supposed, from what i havesaid, to imagine the lord without sympathy for the sorrows and painswhich reveal what sin is, and by means of which he would make men sickof sin.
with everything human he sympathizes.
evil is not human; it isthe defect and opposite of the human; but the suffering that follows itis human, belonging of necessity to the human that has sinned: while itis by cause of sin, suffering is _for_ the sinner, that he may bedelivered from his sin.
jesus is in himself aware of every human pain.
he feels it also.
in him too it is pain.
with the energy of tenderestlove he wills his brothers and sisters free, that he may fill them tooverflowing with that essential thing, joy.
for that they were indeedcreated.
but the moment they exist, truth becomes the first thing, nothappiness; and he must make them true.
were it possible, however, forpain to continue after evil was gone, he would never rest while one achewas yet in the world.
perfect in sympathy, he feels in himself, i say,the tortured presence of every nerve that lacks its repose.
the man mayrecognize the evil in him only as pain; he may know little and carenothing about his sins; yet is the lord sorry for his pain.
he criesaloud, 'come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and i willgive you rest.'
he does not say, 'come unto me, all ye that feel theburden of your sins;' he opens his arms to all weary enough to come tohim in the poorest hope of rest.
right gladly would he free them fromtheir misery--but he knows only one way: he will teach them to be likehimself, meek and lowly, bearing with gladness the yoke of his father'swill.
this is the one, the only right, the only possible way of freeingthem from their sins, the cause of their unrest.
with them the wearinesscomes first; with him the sins: there is but one cure for both--the willof the father.
that which is his joy will be their deliverance!
he mightindeed, it may be, take from them the human, send them down to somelower stage of being, and so free them from suffering--but that must beeither a descent toward annihilation, or a fresh beginning to grow upagain toward the region of suffering they have left; for that which isnot growing must at length die out of creation.
the disobedient andselfish would fain in the hell of their hearts possess the liberty andgladness that belong to purity and love, but they cannot have them; theyare weary and heavy-laden, both with what they are, and because of whatthey were made for but are not.
the lord knows what they need; they knowonly what they want.
they want ease; he knows they need purity.
theirvery existence is an evil, of which, but for his resolve to purify them,their maker must rid his universe.
how can he keep in his sight a foulpresence?
must the creator send forth his virtue to hold alive a thingthat will be evil--a thing that ought not to be, that has no claim butto cease?
the lord himself would not live save with an existenceabsolutely good.
it may be my reader will desire me to say _how_ the lord will deliverhim from his sins.
that is like the lawyer's 'who is my neighbour?'
thespirit of such a mode of receiving the offer of the lord's deliverance,is the root of all the horrors of a corrupt theology, so acceptable tothose who love weak and beggarly hornbooks of religion.
such questionsspring from the passion for the fruit of the tree of knowledge, not thefruit of the tree of life.
men would understand: they do not care to_obey_,--understand where it is impossible they should understand saveby obeying.
they would search into the work of the lord instead of doingtheir part in it--thus making it impossible both for the lord to go onwith his work, and for themselves to become capable of seeing andunderstanding what he does.
instead of immediately obeying the lord oflife, the one condition upon which he can help them, and in itself thebeginning of their deliverance, they set themselves to question theirunenlightened intellects as to his plans for their deliverance--and notmerely how he means to effect it, but how he can be able to effect it.
they would bind their samson until they have scanned his limbs andthews.
incapable of understanding the first motions of freedom inthemselves, they proceed to interpret the riches of his divine soul interms of their own beggarly notions, to paraphrase his glorious verseinto their own paltry commercial prose; and then, in the growingpresumption of imagined success, to insist upon their neighbours'acceptance of their distorted shadows of 'the plan of salvation' as thetruth of him in whom is no darkness, and the one condition of theiracceptance with him.
they delay setting their foot on the stair whichalone can lead them to the house of wisdom, until they shall havedetermined the material and mode of its construction.
for the sake ofknowing, they postpone that which alone can enable them to know, andsubstitute for the true understanding which lies beyond, a falsepersuasion that they already understand.
they will not accept, that is,act upon, their highest privilege, that of obeying the son of god.
it ison them that do his will, that the day dawns; to them the day-stararises in their hearts.
obedience is the soul of knowledge.
by obedience, i intend no kind of obedience to man, or submission toauthority claimed by man or community of men.
i mean obedience to thewill of the father, however revealed in our conscience.
god forbid i should seem to despise understanding.
the new testament isfull of urgings to understand.
our whole life, to be life at all, mustbe a growth in understanding.
what i cry out upon is themisunderstanding that comes of man's endeavour to understand while notobeying.
upon obedience our energy must be spent; understanding willfollow.
not anxious to know our duty, or knowing it and not doing it,how shall we understand that which only a true heart and a clean soulcan ever understand?
the power in us that would understand were it free,lies in the bonds of imperfection and impurity, and is thereforeincapable of judging the divine.
it cannot see the truth.
if it couldsee it, it would not know it, and would not have it.
until a man beginsto obey, the light that is in him is darkness.
any honest soul may understand this much, however--for it is a thing wemay of ourselves judge to be right--that the lord cannot save a man fromhis sins while he holds to his sins.
an omnipotence that could do andnot do the same thing at the same moment, were an idea too absurd formockery; an omnipotence that could at once make a man a free man, andleave him a self-degraded slave--make him the very likeness of god, andgood only because he could not help being good, would be an idea of thesame character--equally absurd, equally self-contradictory.
but the lord is not unreasonable; he requires no high motives wheresuch could not yet exist.
he does not say, 'you must be sorry for yoursins, or you need not come to me:' to be sorry for his sins a man mustlove god and man, and love is the very thing that has to be developed inhim.
it is but common sense that a man, longing to be freed fromsuffering, or made able to bear it, should betake himself to the powerby whom he is.
equally is it common sense that, if a man would bedelivered from the evil in him, he must himself begin to cast it out,himself begin to disobey it, and work righteousness.
as much as eitheris it common sense that a man should look for and expect the help of hisfather in the endeavour.
alone, he might labour to all eternity and notsucceed.
he who has not made himself, cannot set himself right withouthim who made him.
but his maker is in him, and is his strength.
the man,however, who, instead of doing what he is told, broods speculating onthe metaphysics of him who calls him to his work, stands leaning hisback against the door by which the lord would enter to help him.
themoment he sets about putting straight the thing that is crooked--i meandoing right where he has been doing wrong, he withdraws from theentrance, gives way for the master to come in.
he cannot make himselfpure, but he can leave that which is impure; he can spread out the'defiled, discoloured web' of his life before the bleaching sun ofrighteousness; he cannot save himself, but he can let the lord save him.
the struggle of his weakness is as essential to the coming victory asthe strength of him who resisted unto death, striving against sin.
the sum of the whole matter is this:--the son has come from the fatherto set the children free from their sins; the children must hear andobey him, that he may send forth judgment unto victory.
son of our father, help us to do what thou sayest, and so with thee dieunto sin, that we may rise to the sonship for which we were created.
help us to repent even to the sending away of our sins.
john did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentancefor the remission of sins.--_mark_ i.
4.god and man must combine for salvation from sin, and the same word, hereand elsewhere translated _remission_, seems to be employed in the newtestament for the share of either in the great deliverance.
but first let me say something concerning the word here and everywheretranslated _repentance_.
i would not even suggest a mistranslation; butthe idea intended by the word has been so misunderstood and thereforemistaught, that it requires some consideration of the word itself to getat a right recognition of the moral fact it represents.
the greek word then, of which the word _repentance_ is the acceptedsynonym and fundamentally the accurate rendering, is made up of twowords, the conjoint meaning of which is, _a change of mind_ or_thought_.
there is in it no intent of, or hint at _sorrow_ or _shame_,or any other of the mental conditions that, not unfrequentlyaccompanying repentance, have been taken for essential parts of it,sometimes for its very essence.
here, the last of the prophets, or theevangelist who records his doings, qualifies the word, as if he held itinsufficient in itself to convey the baptist's meaning, with the threewords that follow it--_[greek: eis aphesin amartiôn:--kaerussôn baptismametauoias eis aphesin amartiôn]_--'preaching a baptism ofrepentance--_unto a sending away of sins'._ i do not say the phrase_[greek: aphesis amartiôn]_ never means _forgiveness,_ one form at leastof _god's_ sending away of sins; neither do i say that the taking of thephrase to mean _repentance for the remission of sins_, namely,repentance in order to obtain the pardon of god, involves anyinconsistency; but i say that the word _[greek: eis]_ rather _unto_ than_for;_ that the word _[greek: aphesis],_ translated _remission_, means,fundamentally, a _sending away,_ a _dismissal;_ and that the writerseems to use the added phrase to make certain what he means by_repentance;_ a repentance, namely, that reaches to the sending away, orabjurement of sins.
i do not think _a change of mind unto the remissionor pardon of sin_ would be nearly so logical a phrase as _a change ofmind unto the dismission of sinning._ the revised version refuses theword _for_ and chooses _unto,_ though it retains _remission,_ whichword, now, conveys no meaning except the forgiveness of god.
i thinkthat here the same word is used for man's dismission of his sins, as iselsewhere used for god's dismission or remission of them.
in both uses,it is a sending away of sins, with the difference of meaning that comesfrom the differing sources of the action.
both god and man send awaysins, but in the one case god sends away the sins of the man, and in theother the man sends away his own sins.
i do not enter into the questionwhether god's aphesis may or may not mean as well the sending of hissins out of a man, as the pardon of them; whether it may not sometimesmean _dismission,_ and sometimes _remission_: i am sure the one deedcannot be separated from the other.
that the phrase here intends repentance unto the ceasing from sin, thegiving up of what is wrong, i will try to show at least probable.
in the first place, the user of the phrase either defines the change ofmind he means as one that has for its object the pardon of god, or asone that reaches to a new life: the latter seems to me the more naturalinterpretation by far.
the kind and scope of the repentance or change,and not any end to be gained by it, appears intended.
the change must beone of will and conduct--a radical change of life on the part of theman: he must repent--that is, change his mind--not to a differentopinion, not even to a mere betterment of his conduct--not to anythingless than a sending away of his sins.
this interpretation of thepreaching of the baptist seems to me, i repeat, the more direct, thefuller of meaning, the more logical.
next, in st matthew's gospel, the baptist's buttressing argument, orimminent motive for the change he is pressing upon the people is, thatthe kingdom of heaven is at hand: 'because the king of heaven is coming,you must give up your sinning.'
the same argument for immediate actionlies in his quotation from isaiah,--'prepare ye the way of the lord;make straight in the desert a highway for our god.'
the only true, theonly possible preparation for the coming lord, is to cease from doingevil, and begin to do well--to send away sin.
they must cleanse, not thestreets of their cities, not their houses or their garments or eventheir persons, but their hearts and their doings.
it is true the baptistdid not see that the kingdom coming was not of this world, but of thehigher world in the hearts of men; it is true that his faith failed himin his imprisonment, because he heard of no martial movement on the partof the lord, no assertion of his sovereignty, no convincing show of hispower; but he did see plainly that righteousness was essential to thekingdom of heaven.
that he did not yet perceive that righteousness _is_the kingdom of heaven; that he did not see that the lord was alreadyinitiating his kingdom by sending away sin out of the hearts of hispeople, is not wonderful.
the lord's answer to his fore-runner's messageof doubt, was to send his messenger back an eye-witness of what he wasdoing, so to wake or clarify in him the perception that his kingdom wasnot of this world--that he dealt with other means to another end thanjohn had yet recognized as his mission or object; for obedient love inthe heart of the poorest he healed or persuaded, was his kingdom come.
again, observe that, when the pharisees came to john, he said to them,'bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance:' is not this the sameas, 'repent unto the sending away of your sins'?
note also, that, when the multitudes came to the prophet, and all, withthe classes most obnoxious to the rest, the publicans and the soldiers,asked what he would have them do--thus plainly recognizing thatsomething was required of them--his instruction was throughout in thesame direction: they must send away their sins; and each must begin withthe fault that lay next him.
the kingdom of heaven was at hand: theymust prepare the way of the lord by beginning to do as must be done inhis kingdom.
they could not rid themselves of their sins, but they could set aboutsending them away; they could quarrel with them, and proceed to turnthem out of the house: the lord was on his way to do his part in theirfinal banishment.
those who had repented to the sending away of theirsins, he would baptize with a holy power to send them away indeed.
theoperant will to get rid of them would be baptized with a fire thatshould burn them up.
when a man breaks with his sins, then the wind ofthe lord's fan will blow them away, the fire of the lord's heart willconsume them.
i think, then, that the part of the repentant man, and not the part ofgod, in the sending away of sins, is intended here.
it is the man's onepreparation for receiving the power to overcome them, the baptism offire.
not seldom, what comes in the name of the gospel of jesus christ, mustseem, even to one not far from the kingdom of heaven, no good news atall.
it does not draw him; it wakes in him not a single hope.
he has nodesire after what it offers him as redemption.
the god it gives him newsof, is not one to whom he would draw nearer.
but when such a man comesto see that the very god must be his life, the heart of hisconsciousness; when he perceives that, rousing himself to put from himwhat is evil, and do the duty that lies at his door, he may fearlesslyclaim the help of him who 'loved him into being,' then his willimmediately sides with his conscience; he begins to try to _be_;and--first thing toward being--to rid himself of what is antagonistic toall being, namely _wrong_.
multitudes will not even approach theappalling task, the labour and pain of _being_.
god is doing his part,is undergoing the mighty toil of an age-long creation, endowing men withpower to be; but few as yet are those who take up their part, whorespond to the call of god, who will to be, who put forth a divineeffort after real existence.
to the many, the spirit of the prophetcries, 'turn ye, and change your way!
the kingdom of heaven is near you.
let your king possess his own.
let god throne himself in you, that hisliberty be your life, and you free men.
that he may enter, clear thehouse for him.
send away the bad things out of it.
depart from evil, anddo good.
the duty that lieth at thy door, do it, be it great or small.'
for indeed in this region there is no great or small.
'be content withyour wages,' said the baptist to the soldiers.
to many people now, theword would be, 'rule your temper;' or, 'be courteous to all;' or, 'leteach hold the other better than himself;' or, 'be just to your neighbourthat you may love him.'
to make straight in the desert a highway for ourgod, we must bestir ourselves in the very spot of the desert on whichwe stand; we must cast far from us our evil thing that blocks the wayof his chariot-wheels.
if we do not, never will those wheels rollthrough our streets; never will our desert blossom with his roses.
the message of john to his countrymen, was then, and is yet, the onemessage to the world:--'send away your sins, for the kingdom of heavenis near.'
some of us--i cannot say _all_, for i do not know--who havealready repented, who have long ago begun to send away our sins, needfresh repentance every day--how many times a day, god only knows.
we areso ready to get upon some path that seems to run parallel with thenarrow way, and then take no note of its divergence!
what is there forus when we discover that we are out of the way, but to bethink ourselvesand turn?
by those 'who need no repentance,' the lord may have meantsuch as had repented perfectly, had sent away all their sins, and werenow with him in his father's house; also such as have never sinned, andsuch as no longer turn aside for any temptation.
we shall now, perhaps, be able to understand the relation of the lordhimself to the baptism of john.
he came to john to be baptized; and most would say john's baptism was ofrepentance for the remission or pardon of sins.
but the lord could notbe baptized for the remission of sins, for he had never done a selfish,an untrue, or an unfair thing.
he had never wronged his father, anymore than ever his father had wronged him.
happy, happy son and father,who had never either done the other wrong, in thought, word, or deed!
aslittle had he wronged brother or sister.
he needed no forgiveness; therewas nothing to forgive.
no more could he be baptized for repentance: inhim repentance would have been to turn to evil!
where then was thepropriety of his coming to be baptized by john, and insisting on beingby him baptized?
it must lie elsewhere.
if we take the words of john to mean 'the baptism of repentance unto thesending away of sins;' and if we bear in mind that in his caserepentance could not be, inasmuch as what repentance is necessary tobring about in man, was already existent in jesus; then, altering thewords to fit the case, and saying, 'the baptism of willed devotion tothe sending away of sin,' we shall see at once how the baptism of jesuswas a thing right and fit.
that he had no sin to repent of, was not because he was so constitutedthat he could not sin if he would; it was because, of his own will andjudgment, he sent sin away from him--sent it from him with the fullchoice and energy of his nature.
god knows good and evil, and, blessedbe his name, chooses good.
never will his righteous anger make himunfair to us, make him forget that we are dust.
like him, his son alsochose good, and in that choice resisted all temptation to help hisfellows otherwise than as their and his father would.
instead ofcrushing the power of evil by divine force; instead of compellingjustice and destroying the wicked; instead of making peace on the earthby the rule of a perfect prince; instead of gathering the children ofjerusalem under his wings whether they would or not, and saving themfrom the horrors that anguished his prophetic soul--he let evil work itswill while it lived; he contented himself with the slow unencouragingways of help essential; making men good; casting out, not merelycontrolling satan; carrying to their perfect issue on earth the oldprimeval principles because of which the father honoured him: 'thou hastloved righteousness and hated iniquity; therefore god, even thy god,hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.'
to loverighteousness is to make it grow, not to avenge it; and to win forrighteousness the true victory, he, as well as his brethren, had to sendaway evil.
throughout his life on earth, he resisted every impulse towork more rapidly for a lower good,--strong perhaps when he saw old ageand innocence and righteousness trodden under foot.
what but this givesany worth of reality to the temptation in the wilderness, to thedevil's departing from him for a season, to his coming again toexperience a like failure?
ever and ever, in the whole attitude of hisbeing, in his heart always lifted up, in his unfailing readiness to pullwith the father's yoke, he was repelling, driving away sin--away fromhimself, and, as lord of men, and their saviour, away from others also,bringing them to abjure it like himself.
no man, least of all any lordof men, can be good without willing to be good, without setting himselfagainst evil, without sending away sin.
other men have to send it awayout of them; the lord had to send it away from before him, that itshould not enter into him.
therefore is the stand against sin common tothe captain of salvation and the soldiers under him.
what did jesus come into the world to do?
the will of god in saving hispeople from their sins--not from the punishment of their sins, thatblessed aid to repentance, but from their sins themselves, the paltry aswell as the heinous, the venial as well as the loathsome.
his whole workwas and is to send away sin--to banish it from the earth, yea, to castit into the abyss of non-existence behind the back of god.
his was theholy war; he came carrying it into our world; he resisted unto blood;the soldiers that followed him he taught and trained to resist also untoblood, striving against sin; so he became the captain of theirsalvation, and they, freed themselves, fought and suffered for others.
this was the task to which he was baptized; this is yet his enduringlabour.
'this is my blood of the new covenant which is shed for manyunto the sending away of sins.'
what was the new covenant?
'i will makea new covenant with the house of israel and with the house of judah; notaccording to the covenant which they brake, but this: i will put my lawin their inward parts, and write it in their hearts, and will be theirgod, and they shall be my people.'
john baptized unto repentance because those to whom he was sent had torepent.
they must bethink themselves, and send away the sin that was inthem.
but had there been a man, aware of no sin in him, but aware thatlife would be no life were not sin kept out of him, that man would havebeen right in receiving the baptism of john unto the continuousdismission of the sin ever wanting to enter in at his door.
the objectof the baptism was the sending away of sin; its object was repentanceonly where necessary to, only as introducing, as resulting in that.
heto whom john was not sent, he whom he did not call, he who needed norepentance, was baptized for the same object, to the same conflict forthe same end--the banishment of sin from the dominions of hisfather--and that first by his own sternest repudiation of it in himself.
thence came his victory in the wilderness: he would have his fathersway, not his own.
could he be less fitted to receive the baptism ofjohn, that the object of it was no new thing with him, who had beenabout it from the beginning, yea, from all eternity?
we shall be aboutit, i presume, to all eternity.
such, then, as were baptized by john, were initiated into the company ofthose whose work was to send sin out of the world, and first, by sendingit out of themselves, by having done with it.
their earliest endeavourin this direction would, as i have said, open the door for that help toenter without which a man could never succeed in the divinely arduoustask--could not, because the region in which the work has to be wroughtlies in the very roots of his own being, where, knowing nothing of thesecrets of his essential existence, he can immediately do nothing, wherethe maker of him alone is potent, alone is consciously present.
thechange that must pass in him more than equals a new creation, inasmuchas it is a higher creation.
but its necessity is involved in the formercreation; and thence we have a right to ask help of our creator, for herequires of us what he has created us unable to effect without him.
nay,nay!--could we do anything without him, it were a thing to leave undone.
blessed fact that he hath made us so near him!
that the scale of ourbeing is so large, that we are completed only by his presence in it!
that we are not men without him!
that we can be one with ourself-existent creator!
that we are not cut off from the originalinfinite!
that in him we must share infinitude, or be enslaved by thefinite!
the very patent of our royalty is, that not for a moment can welive our true life without the eternal life present in and with ourspirits.
without him at our unknown root, we cease to be.
true, a dogcannot live without the presence of god; but i presume a dog may live agood dog-life without knowing the presence of his origin: man is dead ifhe know not the power which is his cause, his deepest selfing self; thepresence which is not himself, and is nearer to him than himself; whichis infinitely more himself, more his very being, than he is himself.
thebeing of which we are conscious, is not our full self; the extent of ourconsciousness of our self is no measure of our self; our consciousnessis infinitely less than we; while god is more necessary even to thatpoor consciousness of self than our self-consciousness is necessary toour humanity.
until a man become the power of his own existence, becomehis own god, the sole thing necessary to his existing is the will ofgod; for the well-being and perfecting of that existence, the sole thingnecessary is, that the man should know his maker present in him.
allthat the children want is their father.
the one true end of all speech concerning holy things is--the persuadingof the individual man to cease to do evil, to set himself to do well, tolook to the lord of his life to be on his side in the new struggle.
supposing the suggestions i have made correct, i do not care that myreader should understand them, except it be to turn against the evil inhim, and begin to cast it out.
if this be not the result, it is of nosmallest consequence whether he agree with my interpretation or not.
ifhe do thus repent, it is of equally little consequence; for, settinghimself to do the truth, he is on the way to know all things.
realknowledge has begun to grow possible for him.
i am not sure what the lord means in the words, 'thus it becometh us tofulfil all righteousness.'
baptism could not be the fulfilling of allrighteousness!
perhaps he means, 'we must, by a full act of the will,give ourselves altogether to righteousness.
we must make it the businessof our lives to send away sin, and do the will of the father.
that is mywork as much as the work of any man who must repent ere he can begin.
iwill not be left out when you call men to be pure as our father ispure.'
to be certain whom he intends by _us_ might perhaps help us to see hismeaning.
does he intend _all of us men_?
does he intend 'my father andme'?
or does he intend 'you and me, john'?
if the saying mean what ihave suggested, then the _us_ would apply to all that have the knowledgeof good and evil.
'every being that can, must devote himself torighteousness.
to be right is no adjunct of completeness; it is theground and foundation of existence.'
but perhaps it was a lesson forjohn himself, who, mighty preacher of righteousness as he was, did notyet count it the all of life.
i cannot tell.
note that when the lord began his teaching, he employed, neither usingnor inculcating any rite, the same words as john,--'repent, for thekingdom of heaven is at hand.'
that kingdom had been at hand all his infancy, boyhood, and youngmanhood: he was in the world with his father in his heart: that was thekingdom of heaven.
lonely man on the hillside, or boy the cynosure ofdoctor-eyes, his father was everything to him:--'wist ye not that i mustbe in my father's things?'
'son, why hast thou thus dealt with us?
behold, thy father and i havesought thee sorrowing.'
and he said unto them, 'how is it that ye soughtme?
wist ye not that i must be about my father's business?'
and theyunderstood not the saying which he spake unto them.--_luke_ ii.
48-50.was that his saying?
why did they not understand it?
do we understandit?
what did his saying mean?
the greek is not absolutely clear.
whetherthe syriac words he used were more precise, who in this world can tell?
but had we heard his very words, we too, with his father and mother,would have failed to understand them.
must we fail still?
it will show at once where our initial difficulty lies, if i give thelatter half of the saying as presented in the revised english version:its departure from the authorized reveals the point of obscurity:--'wistye not that i must be in my father's house?'
his parents had his exactwords, yet did not understand.
we have not his exact words, and are indoubt as to what the greek translation of them means.
if the authorized translation be true to the intent of the greek, andtherefore to that of the syriac, how could his parents, knowing him asthey did from all that had been spoken before concerning him, from allthey had seen in him, from the ponderings in mary's own heart, and fromthe precious thoughts she and joseph cherished concerning him, havefailed to understand him when he said that wherever he was, he must beabout his father's business?
on the other hand, supposing them to knowand feel that he must be about his father's business, would that havebeen reason sufficient, in view of the degree of spiritual developmentto which they had attained, for the lord's expecting them not to beanxious about him when they had lost him?
thousands on thousands whotrust god for their friends in things spiritual, do not trust him forthem in regard of their mere health or material well-being.
his parentsknew how prophets had always been treated in the land; or if they didnot think in that direction, there were many dangers to which a boy likehim would seem exposed, to rouse an anxiety that could be met only by afaith equal to saying, 'whatever has happened to him, death itself, itcan be no evil to one who is about his father's business;' and such afaith i think the lord could not yet have expected of them.
that whatthe world counts misfortune might befall him on his father's business,would have been recognized by him, i think, as reason for their parentalanxiety--so long as they had not learned god--that he is what he is--thething the lord had come to teach his father's men and women.
his wordsseem rather to imply that there was no need to be anxious about hispersonal safety.
fear of some accident to him seems to have been thecause of their trouble; and he did not mean, i think, that they oughtnot to mind if he died doing his father's will, but that he was in nodanger as regarded accident or misfortune.
this will appear more plainlyas we proceed.
so much for the authorized version.
let us now take the translation given us by the revisers:--'wist ye notthat i must be in my father's house?'
are they authorized in translating the greek thus?
i know nojustification for it, but am not learned enough to say they have none.
that the syriac has it so, is of little weight; seeing it is no originalsyriac, but retranslation.
if he did say '_my father's house_', could hehave meant the temple and his parents not have known what he meant?
andwhy should he have taken it for granted they would know, or judge thatthey ought to have known, that he was there?
so little did the templesuggest itself to them, that either it was the last place in which theysought him, or they had been there before, and had _not_ found him.
ifhe meant that they might have known this without being told, why was itthat, even when he set the thing before them, they did not understandhim?
i do not believe he meant the temple; i do not think he said ormeant '_in my fathers house'_.
what then makes those who give us this translation, prefer it to thephrase in the authorized version, '_about my father's business_'?
one or other of two causes--most likely both together: an ecclesiasticalfancy, and the mere fact that he was found in the temple.
a mindecclesiastical will presume the temple the fittest, therefore mostlikely place, for the son of god to betake himself to, but such a mindwould not be the first to reflect that the temple was a place where thefather was worshipped neither in spirit nor in truth--a place built byone of the vilest rulers of this world, less fit than many another spotfor the special presence of him of whom the prophet bears witness: 'thussaith the high and lofty one that inhabiteth eternity, whose name isholy; i dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of acontrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and torevive the heart of the contrite ones.'
jesus himself, with the samebreath in which once he called it his father's house, called it a den ofthieves.
his expulsion from it of the buyers and sellers, was the firstwaft of the fan with which he was come to purge his father's dominions.
nothing could ever cleanse that house; his fanning rose to a tempest,and swept it out of his father's world.
for the second possible cause of the change from _business_ to_temple_--the mere fact that he was found in the temple, can hardly be areason for his expecting his parents to know that he was there; and ifit witnessed to some way of thought or habit of his with which they wereacquainted, it is, i repeat, difficult to see why the parents shouldfail to perceive what the interpreters have found so easily.
but theparents looked for a larger meaning in the words of such a son--whosemeaning at the same time was too large for them to find.
when, according to the greek, the lord, on the occasion already alludedto, says 'my father's house,' he says it plainly; he uses the word_house_: here he does not.
let us see what lies in the greek to guide us to the thought in the mindof the lord when he thus reasoned with the apprehensions of his fatherand mother.
the greek, taken literally, says, 'wist ye not that i mustbe in the----of my father?'
the authorized version supplies _business_;the revised, _house_.
there is no noun in the greek, and the article'the' is in the plural.
to translate it as literally as it can betranslated, making of it an english sentence, the saying stands, 'wistye not that i must be in the things of my father?'
the plural articleimplies the english _things_; and the question is then, what _things_does he mean?
the word might mean _affairs_ or _business_; but why theplural article should be contracted to mean _house_, _i_ do not know.
ina great wide sense, no doubt, the word _house_ might be used, as i amabout to show, but surely not as meaning the temple.
he was arguing for confidence in god on the part of his parents, not fora knowledge of his whereabout.
the same thing that made them anxiousconcerning him, prevented them from understanding his words--lack,namely, of faith in the father.
this, the one thing he came into theworld to teach men, those words were meant to teach his parents.
theyare spirit and life, involving the one principle by which men shalllive.
they hold the same core as his words to his disciples in thestorm, 'oh ye of little faith!'
let us look more closely at them.
'why did you look for me?
did you not know that i must be among myfather's things?'
what are we to understand by 'my father's things'?
the translation given in the authorized version is, i think, as to thewords themselves, a thoroughly justifiable one: 'i must be about myfather's business,' or 'my father's affairs'; i refuse it for no otherreason than that it does not fit the logic of the narrative, as does theword _things_, which besides opens to us a door of large and joyousprospect.
of course he was about his father's business, and they mightknow it and yet be anxious about him, not having a perfect faith in thatfather.
but, as i have said already, it was not anxiety as to what mightbefall him because of doing the will of the father; he might well seemto them as yet too young for danger from that source; it was but thevague perils of life beyond their sight that appalled them; theirs wasjust the uneasiness that possesses every parent whose child is missing;and if they, like him, had trusted in their father, they would haveknown what their son now meant when he said that he was in the midst ofhis father's things--namely, that the very things from which theydreaded evil accident, were his own home-surroundings; that he was notdoing the father's business in a foreign country, but in the father'sown house.
understood as meaning the world, or the universe, the phrase,'my father's house,' would be a better translation than the authorized;understood as meaning the poor, miserable, god-forsaken temple--no morethe house of god than a dead body is the house of a man--it isimmeasurably inferior.
it seems to me, i say, that the lord meant to remind them, or rather tomake them feel, for they had not yet learned the fact, that he was neveraway from home, could not be lost, as they had thought him; that he wasin his father's house all the time, where no hurt could come to him.
'the things' about him were the furniture and utensils of his home; heknew them all and how to use them.
'i must be among my father'sbelongings.'
the world was his home because his father's house.
he wasnot a stranger who did not know his way about in it.
he was no lostchild, but with his father all the time.
here we find one main thing wherein the lord differs from us: we are notat home in this great universe, our father's house.
we ought to be, andone day we shall be, but we are not yet.
this reveals jesus more thanman, by revealing him more man than we.
we are not complete men, we arenot anything near it, and are therefore out of harmony, more or less,with everything in the house of our birth and habitation.
alwaysstruggling to make our home in the world, we have not yet succeeded.
weare not at home in it, because we are not at home with the lord of thehouse, the father of the family, not one with our elder brother who ishis right hand.
it is only the son, the daughter, that abideth ever inthe house.
when we are true children, if not the world, then theuniverse will be our home, felt and known as such, the house we aresatisfied with, and would not change.
hence, until then, the hardstruggle, the constant strife we hold with _nature_--as we call thethings of our father; a strife invaluable for our development, at thesame time manifesting us not yet men enough to be lords of the housebuilt for us to live in.
we cannot govern or command in it as did thelord, because we are not at one with his father, therefore neither inharmony with his things, nor rulers over them.
our best power in regardto them is but to find out wonderful facts concerning them and theirrelations, and turn these facts to our uses on systems of our own.
forwe discover what we seem to discover, by working inward from without,while he works outward from within; and we shall never understand theworld, until we see it in the direction in which he works makingit--namely from within outward.
this of course we cannot do until we areone with him.
in the meantime, so much are both we and his things his,that we can err concerning them only as he has made it possible for usto err; we can wander only in the direction of the truth--if but to findthat we can find nothing.
think for a moment how jesus was at home among the things of hisfather.
it seems to me, i repeat, a spiritless explanation of hiswords--that the temple was the place where naturally he was at home.
does he make the least lamentation over the temple?
it is jerusalem heweeps over--the men of jerusalem, the killers, the stoners.
what was hisplace of prayer?
not the temple, but the mountain-top.
where does hefind symbols whereby to speak of what goes on in the mind and before theface of his father in heaven?
not in the temple; not in its rites; noton its altars; not in its holy of holies; he finds them in the world andits lovely-lowly facts; on the roadside, in the field, in the vineyard,in the garden, in the house; in the family, and the commonest of itsaffairs--the lighting of the lamp, the leavening of the meal, theneighbour's borrowing, the losing of the coin, the straying of thesheep.
even in the unlovely facts also of the world which he turns toholy use, such as the unjust judge, the false steward, the faithlesslabourers, he ignores the temple.
see how he drives the devils from thesouls and bodies of men, as we the wolves from our sheepfolds!
howbefore him the diseases, scaly and spotted, hurry and flee!
the worldhas for him no chamber of terror.
he walks to the door of the sepulchre,the sealed cellar of his father's house, and calls forth its four daysdead.
he rebukes the mourners, he stays the funeral, and gives back thedeparted children to their parents' arms.
the roughest of its servantsdo not make him wince; none of them are so arrogant as to disobey hisword; he falls asleep in the midst of the storm that threatens toswallow his boat.
hear how, on that same occasion, he rebukes hisdisciples!
the children to tremble at a gust of wind in the house!
god'slittle ones afraid of a storm!
hear him tell the watery floor to bestill, and no longer toss his brothers!
see the watery floor obey himand grow still!
see how the wandering creatures under it come at hiscall!
see him leave his mountain-closet, and go walking over its heavingsurface to the help of his men of little faith!
see how the world'swater turns to wine!
how its bread grows more bread at his word!
see howhe goes from the house for a while, and returning with fresh power,takes what shape he pleases, walks through its closed doors, and goes upand down its invisible stairs!
all his life he was among his father's things, either in heaven or inthe world--not then only when they found him in the temple at jerusalem.
he is still among his father's things, everywhere about in the world,everywhere throughout the wide universe.
whatever he laid aside to cometo us, to whatever limitations, for our sake, he stooped his regal head,he dealt with the things about him in such lordly, childlike manner asmade it clear they were not strange to him, but the things of hisfather.
he claimed none of them as his own, would not have had one ofthem his except through his father.
only as his father's could he enjoythem;--only as coming forth from the father, and full of the father'sthought and nature, had they to him any existence.
that the things werehis fathers, made them precious things to him.
he had no care forhaving, as men count having.
all his having was in the father.
i wonderif he ever put anything in his pocket: i doubt if he had one.
did heever say, 'this is mine, not yours'?
did he not say, 'all things aremine, therefore they are yours'?
oh for his liberty among the things ofthe father!
only by knowing them the things of our father, can we escapeenslaving ourselves to them.
through the false, the infernal idea of_having_, of _possessing_ them, we make them our tyrants, make therelation between them and us an evil thing.
the world was a blessedplace to jesus, because everything in it was his father's.
what painmust it not have been to him, to see his brothers so vilely misuse thefather's house by grasping, each for himself, at the family things!
ifthe knowledge that a spot in the landscape retains in it some pollution,suffices to disturb our pleasure in the whole, how must it not have beenwith him, how must it not be with him now, in regard to thedisfigurements and defilements caused by the greed of men, by theirhaste to be rich, in his father's lovely house!
whoever is able to understand wordsworth, or henry vaughan, when eitherspeaks of the glorious insights of his childhood, will be able toimagine a little how jesus must, in his eternal childhood, regard theworld.
hear what wordsworth says:--    our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting:    the soul that rises with us, our life's star,    hath had elsewhere its setting,        and cometh from afar:    not in entire forgetfulness,    and not in utter nakedness,      but trailing clouds of glory do we come    from god, who is our home:      heaven lies about us in our infancy!
shades of the prison-house begin to close    upon the growing boy,      but he beholds the light, and whence it flows,    he sees it in his joy;      the youth, who daily farther from the east    must travel, still is nature's priest,    and by the vision splendid    is on his way attended;    at length the man perceives it die away,    and fade into the light of common day.
hear what henry vaughan says:--    happy those early dayes, when i    shin'd in my angell-infancy!
before i understood this place    appointed for my second race,    or taught my soul to fancy ought    but a white, celestiall thought;    when yet i had not walkt above    a mile or two, from my first love,    and looking back--at that short space--    could see a glimpse of his bright-face;    when on some gilded cloud, or flowre    my gazing soul would dwell an houre,    and in those weaker glories spy    some shadows of eternity;    before i taught my tongue to wound    my conscience with a sinfull sound,    or had the black art to dispence    a sev'rall sinne to ev'ry sence,    but felt through all this fleshly dresse    bright shootes of everlastingnesse.
o how i long to travell back,    and tread again that ancient track!
that i might once more reach that plaine,    where first i left my glorious traine;    from whence th' inlightned spirit sees    that shady city of palme trees.
whoever has thus gazed on flower or cloud; whoever can recall poorestmemory of the trail of glory that hung about his childhood, must havesome faint idea how his father's house and the things in it alwayslooked, and must still look to the lord.
with him there is no fadinginto the light of common day.
he has never lost his childhood, the veryessence of childhood being nearness to the father and the outgoing ofhis creative love; whence, with that insight of his eternal childhood ofwhich the insight of the little ones here is a fainter repetition, hemust see everything as the father means it.
the child sees things as thefather means him to see them, as he thought of them when he utteredthem.
for god is not only the father of the child, but of the childhoodthat constitutes him a child, therefore the childness is of the divinenature.
the child may not indeed be capable of looking into the father'smethod, but he can in a measure understand his work, has therefore freeentrance to his study and workshop both, and is welcome to find out whathe can, with fullest liberty to ask him questions.
there are men too,who, at their best, see, in their lower measure, things as they are--asgod sees them always.
jesus saw things just as his father saw them inhis creative imagination, when willing them out to the eyes of hischildren.
but if he could always see the things of his father even assome men and more children see them at times, he might well feel_almost_ at home among them.
he could not cease to admire, cease to lovethem.
i say _love_, because the life in them, the presence of thecreative one, would ever be plain to him.
in the perfect, wouldfamiliarity ever destroy wonder at things essentially wonderful becauseessentially divine?
to cease to wonder is to fall plumb-down from thechildlike to the commonplace--the most undivine of all moodsintellectual.
our nature can never be at home among things that are notwonderful to us.
could we see things always as we have sometimes seen them--and as oneday we must always see them, only far better--should we ever knowdullness?
greatly as we might enjoy all forms of art, much as we mightlearn through the eyes and thoughts of other men, should we fly to thesefor deliverance from _ennui_, from any haunting discomfort?
should wenot just open our own child-eyes, look upon the things themselves, andbe consoled?
jesus, then, would have his parents understand that he was in hisfather's world among his father's things, where was nothing to hurt him;he knew them all, was in the secret of them all, could use and orderthem as did his father.
to this same i think all we humans are destinedto rise.
though so many of us now are ignorant what kind of home weneed, what a home we are capable of having, we too shall inherit theearth with the son eternal, doing with it as we would--willing with thewill of the father.
to such a home as we now inhabit, only perfected,and perfectly beheld, we are travelling--never to reach it save by theobedience that makes us the children, therefore the heirs of god.
there the father does not die that the children may inherit;for, bliss of heaven!
we inherit with the father.
all the dangers of jesus came from the priests, and the learned in thetraditional law, whom his parents had not yet begun to fear on hisbehalf.
they feared the dangers of the rugged way, the thieves androbbers of the hill-road.
for the scribes and the pharisees, the priestsand the rulers--they would be the first to acknowledge their messiah,their king!
little they imagined, when they found him where he ought tohave been safest had it been indeed his father's house, that there hesat amid lions--the great doctors of the temple!
he could rule all the_things_ in his father's house, but not the men of religion, the men ofthe temple, who called his father their father.
true, he might havecompelled them with a word, withered them by a glance, with afinger-touch made them grovel at his feet; but such supremacy over hisbrothers the lord of life despised.
he must rule them as his fatherruled himself; he would have them know themselves of the same familywith himself; have them at home among the things of god, caring for thethings he cared for, loving and hating as he and his father loved andhated, ruling themselves by the essential laws of being.
because theywould not be such, he let them do to him as they would, that he mightget at their hearts by some unknown unguarded door in their divinerpart.
'i will be god among you; i will be myself to you.--you will nothave me?
then do to me as you will.
the created shall have power overhim through whom they were created, that they may be compelled to knowhim and his father.
they shall look on him whom they have pierced.'
his parents found him in the temple; they never really found him untilhe entered the true temple--their own adoring hearts.
the temple thatknows not its builder, is no temple; in it dwells no divinity.
but atlength he comes to his own, and his own receive him;--comes to them inthe might of his mission to preach good tidings to the poor, to heal thebroken-hearted, to preach deliverance, and sight, and liberty, and thelord's own good time.
and he came to nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as hiscustom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood upfor to read.
and there was delivered unto him the book of the prophetesaias.
and when he had opened the book, he found the place where it waswritten, 'the spirit of the lord is upon me, because he hath anointed meto preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal thebrokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering ofsight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preachthe acceptable year of the lord.'
and he closed the book, and he gave itagain to the minister, and sat down.
and the eyes of all them that werein the synagogue were fastened on him.
and he began to say unto them,'this day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.'
14-21.the lord's sermon upon the mount seems such an enlargement of thesewords of the prophet as might, but for the refusal of the men ofnazareth to listen to him, have followed his reading of them hererecorded.
that, as given by the evangelist, they correspond to neitherof the differing originals of the english and greek versions, ought tobe enough in itself to do away with the spiritually vulgar notion of theverbal inspiration of the scriptures.
the point at which the lord stops in his reading, is suggestive: hecloses the book, leaving the words 'and the day of vengeance of ourgod,' or, as in the septuagint, 'the day of recompense,' unread: god'svengeance is as holy a thing as his love, yea, is love, for god is loveand god is not vengeance; but, apparently, the lord would not give theword a place in his announcement of his mission: his hearers would notrecognize it as a form of the father's love, but as vengeance on theirenemies, not vengeance on the selfishness of those who would not betheir brother's keeper.
he had not begun with nazareth, neither with galilee.
'a prophet has nohonour in his own country,' he said, and began to teach where it wasmore likely he would be heard.
it is true that he wrought his firstmiracle in cana, but that was at his mother's request, not of his ownintent, and he did not begin his teaching there.
he went first tojerusalem, there cast out the buyers and sellers from the temple, anddid other notable things alluded to by st john; then went back togalilee, where, having seen the things he did in jerusalem, his formerneighbours were now prepared to listen to him.
of these the nazarenes,to whom the sight of him was more familiar, retained the most prejudiceagainst him: he belonged to their very city!
they had known him from achild!--and low indeed are they in whom familiarity with the high andtrue breeds contempt!
they are judged already.
yet such was the fame ofthe new prophet, that even they were willing to hear in the synagoguewhat he had to say to them--thence to determine for themselves whatclaim he had to an honourable reception.
but the eye of their judgmentwas not single, therefore was their body full of darkness.
shouldnazareth indeed prove, to their self-glorifying satisfaction, the cityof the great prophet, they were more than ready to grasp at the renownof having produced him: he was indeed the great prophet, and within afew minutes they would have slain him for the honour of israel.
in theignoble even the love of their country partakes largely of the ignoble.
there was a shadow of the hateless vengeance of god in the expulsion ofthe dishonest dealers from the temple with which the lord initiated hismission: that was his first parable to jerusalem; to nazareth he comeswith the sweetest words of the prophet of hope in his mouth--goodtidings of great joy--of healing and sight and liberty; followed by thegodlike announcement, that what the prophet had promised he was come tofulfil.
his heart, his eyes, his lips, his hands--his whole body is fullof gifts for men, and that day was that scripture fulfilled in theirears.
the prophecy had gone before that he should save his people fromtheir sins; he brings an announcement they will better understand: he iscome, he says, to deliver men from sorrow and pain, ignorance andoppression, everything that makes life hard and unfriendly.
what agracious speech, what a daring pledge to a world whelmed in tyranny andwrong!
to the women of it, i imagine, it sounded the sweetest, in themwoke the highest hopes.
they had scarce had a hearing when the lordcame; and thereupon things began to mend with them, and are mendingstill, for the lord is at work, and will be.
he is the refuge of theoppressed.
by its very woes, as by bitterest medicine, he is setting theworld free from sin and woe.
this very hour he is curing its disease,the symptoms of which are so varied and so painful; working none theless faithfully that the sick, taking the symptoms for the disease, cryout against the incompetence of their physician.
'what power can healthe broken-hearted?'
and indeed it takes a god to do it, butthe god is here!
in yet better words than those of the prophet, spokenstraight from his own heart, he cries: 'come unto me, all ye that labourand are heavy laden, and i will give you rest.'
he calls to him everyheart knowing its own bitterness, speaks to the troubled consciousnessof every child of the father.
he is come to free us from everything thatmakes life less than bliss essential.
no other could be a gospel worthyof the god of men.
every one will, i presume, confess to more or less misery.
its apparentsource may be this or that; its real source is, to use a poor figure, adislocation of the juncture between the created and the creating life.
this primal evil is the parent of evils unnumbered, hence of miseriesmultitudinous, under the weight of which the arrogant man cries outagainst life, and goes on to misuse it, while the child looks around forhelp--and who shall help him but his father!
the father is with him allthe time, but it may be long ere the child knows himself in his arms.
his heart may be long troubled as well as his outer life.
the dank mistsof doubtful thought may close around his way, and hide from him thelight of the world!
cold winds from the desert of foiled endeavour maysorely buffet and for a time baffle his hope; but every now and then theblue pledge of a great sky will break through the clouds over his head;and a faint aurora will walk his darkest east.
gradually he grows morecapable of imagining a world in which every good thing thinkable may bea fact.
best of all, the story of him who is himself the good news, thegospel of god, becomes not only more and more believable to his heart,but more and more ministrant to his life of conflict, and his assuranceof a living father who hears when his children cry.
the gospel accordingto this or that expounder of it, may repel him unspeakably; the gospelaccording to jesus christ, attracts him supremely, and ever holds whereit has drawn him.
to the priest, the scribe, the elder, exclaimingagainst his self-sufficiency in refusing what they teach, he answers,'it is life or death to me.
your gospel i cannot take.
to believe as youwould have me believe, would be to lose my god.
your god is no god tome.
i do not desire him.
i would rather die the death than believe insuch a god.
in the name of the true god, i cast your gospel from me; itis no gospel, and to believe it would be to wrong him in whom alone liesmy hope.'
'but to believe in such a man,' he might go on to say, 'with such amessage, as i read of in the new testament, is life from the dead.
ihave yielded myself, to live no more in the idea of self, but with thelife of god.
to him i commit the creature he has made, that he may livein it, and work out its life--develop it according to the idea of it inhis own creating mind.
i fall in with his ways for me.
i believe in him.
i trust him.
i try to obey him.
i look to be rendered capable of andreceive a pure vision of his will, freedom from the prison-house of mylimitation, from the bondage of a finite existence.
for the finite thatdwells in the infinite and in which the infinite dwells, is finite nolonger.
those who are thus children indeed, are little gods, the divinebrood of the infinite father.
no mere promise of deliverance from theconsequences of sin, would be any gospel to me.
less than the liberty ofa holy heart, less than the freedom of the lord himself, will neversatisfy one human soul.
father, set me free in the glory of thy will, sothat i will only as thou willest.
thy will be at once thy perfection andmine.
thou alone art deliverance--absolute safety from every cause andkind of trouble that ever existed, anywhere now exists, or ever canexist in thy universe.'
but the people of the lord's town, to whom he read, appropriating them,the gracious words of the prophet, were of the wise and prudent of theirday.
with one and the same breath, they seem to cry, 'these things aregood, it is true, but they must come after our way.
we must have thepromise to our fathers fulfilled--that we shall rule the world, thechosen of god, the children of abraham and israel.
we want to be a freepeople, manage our own affairs, live in plenty, and do as we please.
liberty alone can ever cure the woes of which you speak.
we do not needto be better; we are well enough.
give us riches and honour, and keep uscontent with ourselves, that we may be satisfied with our own likeness,and thou shalt be the messiah.'
never, perhaps, would such be men'sspoken words, but the prevailing condition of their minds might oftenwell take form in such speech.
whereon will they ground their complaintshould god give them their hearts' desire?
when that desire given closesin upon them with a torturing sense of slavery; when they find that whatthey have imagined their own will, was but a suggestion they knew notwhence; when they discover that life is not good, yet they cannot die;will they not then turn and entreat their maker to save them after hisown fashion?
let us try to understand the brief, elliptical narrative of what tookplace in the synagogue of nazareth on the occasion of our lord'sannouncement of his mission.
'this day,' said jesus, 'is this scripture fulfilled in your ears;' andwent on with his divine talk.
we shall yet know, i trust, what 'thegracious words' were 'which proceeded out of his mouth': surely some whoheard them, still remember them, for 'all bare him witness, and wonderedat' them!
how did they bear him witness?
surely not alone by theintensity of their wondering gaze!
must not the narrator mean that theirhearts bore witness to the power of his presence, that they felt theappeal of his soul to theirs, that they said in themselves, 'never manspake like this man'?
must not the light of truth in his face, beheld ofsuch even as knew not the truth, have lifted their souls up truthward?
was it not the something true, common to all hearts, that bore thewondering witness to the graciousness of his words?
had not those wordsfound a way to the pure human, that is, the divine in the men?
was itnot therefore that they were drawn to him--all but ready to accepthim?--on their own terms, alas, not his!
for a moment he seemed to thema true messenger, but truth in him was not truth to them: had he beenwhat they took him for, he would have been no saviour.
they were,however, though partly by mistake, well disposed toward him, and it waswith a growing sense of being honoured by his relation to them, and theproperty they had in him, that they said, 'is not this joseph's son?'
but the lord knew what was in their hearts; he knew the false notionwith which they were almost ready to declare for him; he knew also thefinal proof to which they were in their wisdom and prudence about tosubject him.
he did not look likely to be a prophet, seeing he hadgrown up among them, and had never shown any credentials: they had aright to proof positive!
they had heard of wonderful things he had donein other places: why had they not first of all been done in _their_sight?
who had a claim equal to theirs?
who so capable as they topronounce judgment on his mission whether false or true: had they notknown him from childhood?
his words were gracious, but words werenothing: he must _do_ something--something wonderful!
without suchconclusive, satisfying proof, nazareth at least would never acknowledgehim!
they were quite ready for the honour of having any true prophet, such asit seemed not impossible the son of joseph might turn out to be,recognized as their towns-man, one of their own people: if he were such,theirs was the credit of having produced him!
then indeed they wereready to bear witness to him, take his part, adopt his cause, and beforethe world stand up for him!
as to his being the messiah, that was merestabsurdity: did they not all know his father, the carpenter?
he might,however, be the prophet whom so many of the best in the nation were atthe moment expecting!
let him do something wonderful!
they were not a gracious people, or a good.
the lord saw their thought,and it was far from being to his mind.
he desired no such reception asthey were at present equal to giving a prophet.
his mighty works werenot meant for such as they--to convince them of what they were incapableof understanding or welcoming!
those who would not believe without signsand wonders, could never believe worthily with any number of them, andnone should be given them!
his mighty works were to rouse the love, andstrengthen the faith of the meek and lowly in heart, of such as wereready to come to the light, and show that they were of the light.
heknew how poor the meaning the nazarenes put on the words he had read;what low expectations they had of the messiah when most they longed forhis coming.
they did not hear the prophet while he read the prophet!
atsight of a few poor little wonders, nothing to him, to them sufficientto prove him such a messiah as _they_ looked for, they would burst intoloud acclaim, and rush to their arms, eager, his officers and soldiers,to open the one triumphant campaign against the accursed romans, andsweep them beyond the borders of their sacred country.
their messiahwould make of their nation the redeemed of the lord, themselves thefavourites of his court, and the tyrants of the world!
salvation fromtheir sins was not in their hearts, not in their imaginations, not atall in their thoughts.
they had heard him read his commission to healthe broken-hearted; they would rush to break hearts in his name.
thelord knew them, and their vain expectations.
he would have no suchfollowers--no followers on false conceptions--no followers whom wonderswould delight but nowise better!
the nazarenes were not yet of the sortthat needed but one change to be his people.
he had come to give themhelp; until they accepted his, they could have none to give him.
the lord never did mighty work in proof of his mission; to help agrowing faith in himself and his father, he would do anything!
he healedthose whom healing would deeper heal--those in whom suffering had so fardone its work, that its removal also would carry it on.
to the nazareneshe would not manifest his power; they were not in a condition to getgood from such manifestation: it would but confirm their presentarrogance and ambition.
wonderful works can only nourish a faith alreadyexistent; to him who believes without it, a miracle _may_ be granted.
itwas the israelite indeed, whom the lord met with miracle: 'because isaid unto thee, i saw thee under the fig-tree, believest thou?
thoushalt see the angels of god ascending and descending on the son of man.'
those who laughed him to scorn were not allowed to look on theresurrection of the daughter of jairus.
peter, when he would walk on thewater, had both permission and power given him to do so.
the widowreceived the prophet, and was fed; the syrian went to the prophet, andwas cured.
in nazareth, because of unbelief, the lord could only lay hishands on a few sick folk; in the rest was none of that leaning towardthe truth, which alone can make room for the help of a miracle.
thisthey soon made manifest.
the lord saw them on the point of challenging a display of his power,and anticipated the challenge with a refusal.
for the better understanding of his words, let me presume to paraphrasethem: 'i know you will apply to me the proverb, physician, heal thyself,requiring me to prove what is said of me in capernaum, by doing the samehere; but there is another proverb, no prophet is accepted in his owncountry.
unaccepted i do nothing wonderful.
in the great famine, elijahwas sent to no widow of the many in israel, but to a sidonian; andelisha cured no leper of the many in israel, but naaman the syrian.
there are those fit to see signs and wonders; they are not always thekin of the prophet.'
the nazarenes heard with indignation.
their wonder at his gracious wordswas changed to bitterest wrath.
the very beams of their ugly religionwere party-spirit, exclusiveness, and pride in the fancied favour of godfor them only of all the nations: to hint at the possibility of arevelation of the glory of god to a stranger; far more, to hint that astranger might be fitter to receive such a revelation than a jew, was anoffence reaching to the worst insult; and it was cast in their teeth bya common man of their own city!
'thou art but a well-known carpenter'sson, and dost thou teach _us_!
darest thou imply a divine preference forcapernaum over nazareth?'
in bad odour with the rest of theircountrymen, they were the prouder of themselves.
the _whole_ synagogue, observe, rose in a fury.
such a fellow a prophet!
he was worse than the worst of gentiles!
he was a false jew!
a traitorto his god!
a friend of the idol-worshipping romans!
away with him!
histownsmen led the van in his rejection by his own.
the men of nazarethwould have forestalled his crucifixion by them of jerusalem.
asidonian woman fitter to receive the prophet than any jewess!
a heathenworthier to be kept alive by miracle in time of famine, than aworshipper of the true god!
a leper of damascus less displeasing to godthan the lepers of his chosen race!
it was no longer condescendingapproval that shone in their eyes.
he a prophet!
they had seen throughhim!
soon had they found him out!
the moment he perceived it useless topose for a prophet with them, who had all along known the breed of him,he had turned to insult them!
he dared not attempt in his own city thedeceptions with which, by the help of satan, he had made such a grandshow, and fooled the idiots of capernaum!
he saw they knew him too well,were too wide-awake to be cozened by him, and to avoid their expectedchallenge, fell to reviling the holy nation.
let him take theconsequences!
to the brow of the hill with him!
how could there be any miracle for such!
they were well satisfied withthemselves, and            nothing almost sees miracles    but misery.
need and the upward look, the mood ready to believe when and where itcan, the embryonic faith, is dear to him whose love would have us trusthim.
let any man seek him--not in curious inquiry whether the story ofhim may be true or cannot be true--in humble readiness to accept himaltogether if only he can, and he shall find him; we shall not fail ofhelp to believe because we doubt.
but if the questioner be such that thedispersion of his doubt would but leave him in disobedience, the powerof truth has no care to effect his conviction.
why cast out a devil thatthe man may the better do the work of the devil?
the childlike doubtwill, as it softens and yields, minister nourishment with all that wasgood in it to the faith-germ at its heart; the wise and prudentunbelief will be left to develop its own misery.
the lord could easilyhave satisfied the nazarenes that he was the messiah: they would buthave hardened into the nucleus of an army for the subjugation of theworld.
to a warfare with their own sins, to the subjugation of theirdoing and desiring to the will of the great father, all the miracles inhis power would never have persuaded them.
a true convincement is notpossible to hearts and minds like theirs.
not only is it impossible fora low man to believe a thousandth part of what a noble man can, but alow man cannot believe anything as a noble man believes it.
the men ofnazareth could have believed in jesus as their saviour from the romans;as their saviour from their sins they could not believe in him, for theyloved their sins.
the king of heaven came to offer them a share in hiskingdom; but they were not poor in spirit, and the kingdom of heaven wasnot for them.
gladly would they have inherited the earth; but they werenot meek, and the earth was for the lowly children of the perfectfather.
and he opened his mouth and taught them, saying, 'blessed are the poorin spirit; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.'
...'blessed are themeek; for they shall inherit the earth.'
--_matthew_ v. 2, 3, 5.the words of the lord are the seed sown by the sower.
into our heartsthey must fall that they may grow.
meditation and prayer must waterthem, and obedience keep them in the sunlight.
thus will they bear fruitfor the lord's gathering.
those of his disciples, that is, obedient hearers, who had anyexperience in trying to live, would, in part, at once understand them;but as they obeyed and pondered, the meaning of them would keep growing.
this we see in the writings of the apostles.
it will be so with us also,who need to understand everything he said neither more nor less thanthey to whom first he spoke; while our obligation to understand is fargreater than theirs at the time, inasmuch as we have had nearly twothousand years' experience of the continued coming of the kingdom hethen preached: it is not yet come; it has been all the time, and is now,drawing slowly nearer.
the sermon on the mount, as it is commonly called, seems the lord'sfirst free utterance, in the presence of any large assembly, of the goodnews of the kingdom.
he had been teaching his disciples and messengers;and had already brought the glad tidings that his father was theirfather, to many besides--to nathanael for one, to nicodemus, to thewoman of samaria, to every one he had cured, every one whose cry forhelp he had heard: his epiphany was a gradual thing, beginning, where itcontinues, with the individual.
it is impossible even to guess at whatnumber may have heard him on this occasion: he seems to have gone up themount because of the crowd--to secure a somewhat opener position whencehe could better speak; and thither followed him those who desired to betaught of him, accompanied doubtless by not a few in whom curiosity wasthe chief motive.
disciple or gazer, he addressed the individuality ofevery one that had ears to hear.
peter and andrew, james and john, areall we know as his recognized disciples, followers, and companions, atthe time; but, while his words were addressed to such as had come tohim desiring to learn of him, the things he uttered were eternal truths,life in which was essential for every one of his father's children,therefore they were for all: he who heard to obey, was his disciple.
how different, at the first sound of it, must the good news have beenfrom the news anxiously expected by those who waited for the messiah!
even the baptist in prison lay listening after something of quiteanother sort.
the lord had to send him a message, by eye-witnesses ofhis doings, to remind him that god's thoughts are not as our thoughts,or his ways as our ways--that the design of god is other and better thanthe expectation of men.
his summary of the gifts he was giving to men,culminated with the preaching of the good news to the poor.
if john hadknown these his doings before, he had not recognized them as belongingto the lord's special mission: the lord tells him it is not enough tohave accepted him as the messiah; he must recognize his doings as thework he had come into the world to do, and as in their nature so divineas to be the very business of the son of god in whom the father was wellpleased.
wherein then consisted the goodness of the news which he opened hismouth to give them?
what was in the news to make the poor glad?
why washis arrival with such words in his heart and mouth, the coming of thekingdom?
all good news from heaven, is of _truth_--essential truth, involvingduty, and giving and promising help to the performance of it.
there canbe no good news for us men, except of uplifting love, and no one can belifted up who will not rise.
if god himself sought to raise his littleones without their consenting effort, they would drop from his foiledendeavour.
he will carry us in his arms till we are able to walk; hewill carry us in his arms when we are weary with walking; he will notcarry us if we will not walk.
very different are the good news jesus brings us from certain prevalentrepresentations of the gospel, founded on the pagan notion thatsuffering is an offset for sin, and culminating in the vile assertionthat the suffering of an innocent man, just because he is innocent, yeaperfect, is a satisfaction to the holy father for the evil deeds of hischildren.
as a theory concerning the atonement nothing could be worse,either intellectually, morally, or spiritually; announced as the gospelitself, as the good news of the kingdom of heaven, the idea is monstrousas any chinese dragon.
such a so-called gospel is no gospel, howeveraccepted as god sent by good men of a certain development.
it is evilnews, dwarfing, enslaving, maddening--news to the child-heart of thedreariest damnation.
doubtless some elements of the gospel are mixed upwith it on most occasions of its announcement; none the more is it themessage received from him.
it can be good news only to such as areprudently willing to be delivered from a god they fear, but unable toaccept the gospel of a perfect god, in whom to trust perfectly.
the good news of jesus was just the news of the thoughts and ways of thefather in the midst of his family.
he told them that the way men thoughtfor themselves and their children was not the way god thought forhimself and his children; that the kingdom of heaven was founded, andmust at length show itself founded on very different principles fromthose of the kingdoms and families of the world, meaning by the worldthat part of the father's family which will not be ordered by him, willnot even try to obey him.
the world's man, its great, its successful,its honorable man, is he who may have and do what he pleases, whosestrength lies in money and the praise of men; the greatest in thekingdom of heaven is the man who is humblest and serves his fellows themost.
multitudes of men, in no degree notable as ambitious or proud,hold the ambitious, the proud man in honour, and, for all deliverance,hope after some shadow of his prosperity.
how many even of those wholook for the world to come, seek to the powers of this world fordeliverance from its evils, as if god were the god of the world to comeonly!
the oppressed of the lord's time looked for a messiah to set theirnation free, and make it rich and strong; the oppressed of our timebelieve in money, knowledge, and the will of a people which needs butpower to be in its turn the oppressor.
the first words of the lord onthis occasion were:--'blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is thekingdom of heaven,'it is not the proud, it is not the greedy of distinction, it is notthose who gather and hoard, not those who lay down the law to theirneighbours, not those that condescend, any more than those that shrugthe shoulder and shoot out the lip, that have any share in the kingdomof the father.
that kingdom has no relation with or resemblance to thekingdoms of this world, deals with no one thing that distinguishes theirrulers, except to repudiate it.
the son of god will favour no smallestambition, be it in the heart of him who leans on his bosom.
the kingdomof god, the refuge of the oppressed, the golden age of the new world,the real utopia, the newest yet oldest atlantis, the home of thechildren, will not open its gates to the most miserable who would riseabove his equal in misery, who looks down on any one more miserable thanhimself.
it is the home of perfect brotherhood.
the poor, the beggars inspirit, the humble men of heart, the unambitious, the unselfish; thosewho never despise men, and never seek their praises; the lowly, who seenothing to admire in themselves, therefore cannot seek to be admired ofothers; the men who give themselves away--these are the freemen of thekingdom, these are the citizens of the new jerusalem.
the men who areaware of their own essential poverty; not the men who are poor infriends, poor in influence, poor in acquirements, poor in money, butthose who are poor in spirit, who _feel themselves poor creatures_; whoknow nothing to be pleased with themselves for, and desire nothing tomake them think well of themselves; who know that they need much to maketheir life worth living, to make their existence a good thing, to makethem fit to live; these humble ones are the poor whom the lord callsblessed.
when a man says, i am low and worthless, then the gate of thekingdom begins to open to him, for there enter the true, and this manhas begun to know the truth concerning himself.
whatever such a man hasattained to, he straightway forgets; it is part of him and behind him;his business is with what he has not, with the things that lie above andbefore him.
the man who is proud of anything he thinks he has reached,has not reached it.
he is but proud of himself, and imagining a causefor his pride.
if he had reached, he would already have begun to forget.
he who delights in contemplating whereto he has attained, is not merelysliding back; he is already in the dirt of self-satisfaction.
the gateof the kingdom is closed, and he outside.
the child who, clinging to hisfather, dares not think he has in any sense attained while as yet he isnot as his father--his father's heart, his father's heaven is hisnatural home.
to find himself thinking of himself as above his fellows,would be to that child a shuddering terror; his universe would contractaround him, his ideal wither on its throne.
the least motion ofself-satisfaction, the first thought of placing himself in the forefrontof estimation, would be to him a flash from the nether abyss.
god is hislife and his lord.
that his father should be content with him must beall his care.
among his relations with his neighbour, infinitelyprecious, comparison with his neighbour has no place.
which is thegreater is of no account.
he would not choose to be less than hisneighbour; he would choose his neighbour to be greater than he.
he looksup to every man.
otherwise gifted than he, his neighbour is more thanhe.
all come from the one mighty father: shall he judge the livethoughts of god, which is greater and which is less?
in thus denying,thus turning his back on himself, he has no thought of saintliness, nothought but of his father and his brethren.
to such a child heaven'sbest secrets are open.
he clambers about the throne of the fatherunrebuked; his back is ready for the smallest heavenly playmate; hisarms are an open refuge for any blackest little lost kid of the father'sflock; he will toil with it up the heavenly stair, up the very steps ofthe great white throne, to lay it on the father's knees.
for the gloryof that father is not in knowing himself god, but in giving himselfaway--in creating and redeeming and glorifying his children.
the man who does not house self, has room to be his real self--god'seternal idea of him.
he lives eternally; in virtue of the creative powerpresent in him with momently, unimpeded creation, he _is_.
how shouldthere be in him one thought of ruling or commanding or surpassing!
hecan imagine no bliss, no good in being greater than some one else.
he isunable to wish himself other than he is, except more what god made himfor, which is indeed the highest willing of the will of god.
hisbrother's wellbeing is essential to his bliss.
the thought of standinghigher in the favour of god than his brother, would make him miserable.
he would lift every brother to the embrace of the father.
blessed arethe poor in spirit, for they are of the same spirit as god, and ofnature the kingdom of heaven is theirs.
'blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth,' expresses thesame principle: the same law holds in the earth as in the kingdom ofheaven.
how should it be otherwise?
has the creator of the ends of theearth ceased to rule it after his fashion, because his rebelliouschildren have so long, to their own hurt, vainly endeavoured to rule itafter theirs?
the kingdom of heaven belongs to the poor; the meek shallinherit the earth.
the earth as god sees it, as those to whom thekingdom of heaven belongs also see it, is good, all good, very good, fitfor the meek to inherit; and one day they shall inherit it--not indeedas men of the world count inheritance, but as the maker and owner of theworld has from the first counted it.
so different are the two ways ofinheriting, that one of the meek may be heartily enjoying hispossession, while one of the proud is selfishly walling him out from thespot in it he loves best.
the meek are those that do not assert themselves, do not defendthemselves, never dream of avenging themselves, or of returning aughtbut good for evil.
they do not imagine it their business to take care ofthemselves.
the meek man may indeed take much thought, but it will notbe for himself.
he never builds an exclusive wall, shuts any honestneighbour out.
he will not always serve the wish, but always the good ofhis neighbour.
his service must be true service.
self shall be no umpirein affair of his.
man's consciousness of himself is but a shadow: themeek man's self always vanishes in the light of a real presence.
hisnature lies open to the father of men, and to every good impulse is asit were empty.
no bristling importance, no vain attendance of fanciedrights and wrongs, guards his door, or crowds the passages of his house;they are for the angels to come and go.
abandoned thus to the truth, asthe sparks from the gleaming river dip into the flowers of dante'sunperfected vision, so the many souls of the visible world, lights fromthe father of lights, enter his heart freely; and by them he inheritsthe earth he was created to inherit--possesses it as his father made himcapable of possessing, and the earth of being possessed.
because the manis meek, his eye is single; he sees things as god sees them, as he wouldhave his child see them: to confront creation with pure eyes is topossess it.
how little is the man able to make his own, who would ravish all!
theman who, by the exclusion of others from the space he calls his, wouldgrasp any portion of the earth as his own, befools himself in theattempt.
the very bread he has swallowed cannot so in any real sense behis.
there does not exist such a power of possessing as he wouldarrogate.
there is not such a sense of having as that of which he hasconceived the shadow in his degenerate and lapsing imagination.
the realowner of his demesne is that pedlar passing his gate, into a divinesoul receiving the sweetnesses which not all the greed of the so-countedpossessor can keep within his walls: they overflow the cup-lip of thecoping, to give themselves to the footfarer.
the motions aerial, thesounds, the odours of those imprisoned spaces, are the earnest of apossession for which is ever growing his power of possessing.
in no wisewill such inheritance interfere with the claim of the man who calls themhis.
each possessor has them his, as much as each in his own way iscapable of possessing them.
for possession is determined by the kind andthe scope of the power of possessing; and the earth has a fourthdimension of which the mere owner of its soil knows nothing.
the child of the maker is naturally the inheritor.
but if the child tryto possess as a house the thing his father made an organ, will hesucceed in so possessing it?
or if he do nestle in a corner of its case,will he oust thereby the lord of its multiplex harmony, sitting regnanton the seat of sway, and drawing with 'volant touch' from the house ofthe child the liege homage of its rendered wealth?
to the poverty ofsuch a child are all those left, who think to have and to hold after thecorrupt fancies of a greedy self.
we cannot see the world as god means it, save in proportion as our soulsare meek.
in meekness only are we its inheritors.
meekness alone makesthe spiritual retina pure to receive god's things as they are, minglingwith them neither imperfection nor impurity of its own.
a thing sobeheld that it conveys to me the divine thought issuing in its form, ismine; by nothing but its mediation between god and my life, can anythingbe mine.
the man so dull as to insist that a thing is his because he hasbought it and paid for it, had better bethink himself that not all thecombined forces of law, justice, and goodwill, can keep it his; whileeven death cannot take the world from the man who possesses it as alonethe maker of him and it cares that he should possess it.
this man leavesit, but carries it with him; that man carries with him only its loss.
hepasses, unable to close hand or mouth upon any portion of it.
its_ownness_ to him was but the changes he could make in it, and thenearness into which he could bring it to the body he lived in.
that bodythe earth in its turn possesses now, and it lies very still, changingnothing, but being changed.
is this the fine of the great buyer of land,to have his fine pate full of fine dirt?
in the soul of the meek, theearth remains an endless possession--his because he who made it ishis--his as nothing but his maker could ever be the creature's.
he hasthe earth by his divine relation to him who sent it forth from him as atree sends out its leaves.
to inherit the earth is to grow ever morealive to the presence, in it and in all its parts, of him who is thelife of men.
how far one may advance in such inheritance while yet inthe body, will simply depend on the meekness he attains while yet in thebody; but it may be, as frederick denison maurice, the servant of god,thought while yet he was with us, that the new heavens and the new earthare the same in which we now live, righteously inhabited by the meek,with their deeper-opened eyes.
what if the meek of the dead be thuspossessing it even now!
but i do not care to speculate.
it is enoughthat the man who refuses to assert himself, seeking no recognition bymen, leaving the care of his life to the father, and occupying himselfwith the will of the father, shall find himself, by and by, at home inthe father's house, with all the father's property his.
which is more the possessor of the world--he who has a thousand houses,or he who, without one house to call his own, has ten in which his knockat the door would rouse instant jubilation?
which is the richer--the manwho, his large money spent, would have no refuge; or he for whosenecessity a hundred would sacrifice comfort?
which of the two possessedthe earth--king agrippa or tent-maker paul?
which is the real possessor of a book--the man who has its original andevery following edition, and shows, to many an admiring and envyingvisitor, now this, now that, in binding characteristic, withpossessor-pride; yea, from secret shrine is able to draw forth anddisplay the author's manuscript, with the very shapes in which histhoughts came forth to the light of day,--or the man who cherishes onelittle, hollow-backed, coverless, untitled, bethumbed copy, which hetakes with him in his solitary walks and broods over in his silentchamber, always finding in it some beauty or excellence or aid he hadnot found before--which is to him in truth as a live companion?
for what makes the thing a book?
is it not that it has a soul--the mindin it of him who wrote the book?
therefore only can the book bepossessed, for life alone can be the possession of life.
the deadpossess their dead only to bury them.
does not he then, who loves and understands his book, possess it withsuch possession as is impossible to the other?
just so may the worlditself be possessed--either as a volume unread, or as the wine of asoul, 'the precious life-blood of a master-spirit, embalmed andtreasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.'
it may be possessed as abook filled with words from the mouth of god, or but as thegolden-clasped covers of that book; as an embodiment or incarnation ofgod himself; or but as a house built to sell.
the lord loved the worldand the things of the world, not as the men of the world love them, butfinding his father in everything that came from his father's heart.
the same spirit, then, is required for possessing the kingdom of heaven,and for inheriting the earth.
how should it not be so, when the onepower is the informing life of both?
if we are the lord's, we possessthe kingdom of heaven, and so inherit the earth.
how many who callthemselves by his name, would have it otherwise: they would possess theearth and inherit the kingdom!
such fill churches and chapels onsundays: anywhere suits for the worship of mammon.
yet verily, earth as well as heaven may be largely possessed even now.
two men are walking abroad together; to the one, the world yieldsthought after thought of delight; he sees heaven and earth embrace oneanother; he feels an indescribable presence over and in them; his joywill afterward, in the solitude of his chamber, break forth in song;--tothe other, oppressed with the thought of his poverty, or ruminating howto make much into more, the glory of the lord is but a warm summer day;it enters in at no window of his soul; it offers him no gift; for, inthe very temple of god, he looks for no god in it.
nor must there needsbe two men to think and feel thus differently.
in what diverse fashionwill any one _subject_ to ever-changing mood see the same world of thesame glad creator!
alas for men, if it changed as we change, if it grewmeaningless when we grow faithless!
thought for a morrow that may nevercome, dread of the dividing death which works for endless companionship,anger with one we love, will cloud the radiant morning, and make the daydark with night.
at evening, having bethought ourselves, and returned tohim that feeds the ravens, and watches the dying sparrow, and says tohis children 'love one another,' the sunset splendour is glad over us,the western sky is refulgent as the court of the father when the gladnews is spread abroad that a sinner has repented.
we have mourned in thetwilight of our little faith, but, having sent away our sin, the gloryof god's heaven over his darkening earth has comforted us.
'blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted.'
--_matthew_v. 4.grief, then, sorrow, pain of heart, mourning, is no partition-wallbetween man and god.
so far is it from opposing any obstacle to thepassage of god's light into man's soul, that the lord congratulates themthat mourn.
there is no evil in sorrow.
true, it is not an essentialgood, a good in itself, like love; but it will mingle with any goodthing, and is even so allied to good that it will open the door of theheart for any good.
more of sorrowful than of joyful men are alwaysstanding about the everlasting doors that open into the presence of themost high.
it is true also that joy is in its nature more divine thansorrow; for, although man must sorrow, and god share in his sorrow, yetin himself god is not sorrowful, and the 'glad creator' never made manfor sorrow: it is but a stormy strait through which he must pass to hisocean of peace.
he 'makes the joy the last in every song.'
still, irepeat, a man in sorrow is in general far nearer god than a man in joy.
gladness may make a man forget his thanksgiving; misery drives him tohis prayers.
for we _are_ not yet, we are only _becoming_.
the endlessday will at length dawn whose every throbbing moment will heave ourhearts godward; we shall scarce need to lift them up: now, there are twodoor-keepers to the house of prayer, and sorrow is more on the alert toopen than her grandson joy.
the gladsome child runs farther afield; the wounded child turns to gohome.
the weeper sits down close to the gate; the lord of life drawsnigh to him from within.
god loves not sorrow, yet rejoices to see a mansorrowful, for in his sorrow man leaves his heavenward door on thelatch, and god can enter to help him.
he loves, i say, to see himsorrowful, for then he can come near to part him from that which makeshis sorrow a welcome sight.
when ephraim bemoans himself, he is apleasant child.
so good a medicine is sorrow, so powerful to slay themoths that infest and devour the human heart, that the lord is glad tosee a man weep.
he congratulates him on his sadness.
grief is anill-favoured thing, but she is love's own child, and her mother lovesher.
the promise to them that mourn, is not _the kingdom of heaven_, butthat their mourning shall be ended, that they shall be comforted.
tomourn is not to fight with evil; it is only to miss that which is good.
it is not an essential heavenly condition, like poorness of spirit ormeekness.
no man will carry his mourning with him into heaven--or, if hedoes, it will speedily be turned either into joy, or into what willresult in joy, namely, redemptive action.
mourning is a canker-bitten blossom on the rose-tree of love.
is thereany mourning worthy the name that has not love for its root?
men mournbecause they love.
love is the life out of which are fashioned all thenatural feelings, every emotion of man.
love modelled by faith, is hope;love shaped by wrong, is anger--verily anger, though pure of sin; loveinvaded by loss, is grief.
the garment of mourning is oftenest a winding-sheet; the loss of theloved by death is the main cause of the mourning of the world.
the greekword here used to describe the blessed of the lord, generally means_those that mourn for the dead_.
it is not in the new testament employedexclusively in this sense, neither do i imagine it stands here for suchonly: there are griefs than death sorer far, and harder far tocomfort--harder even for god himself, with whom all things are possible;but it may give pleasure to know that the promise of comfort to thosethat mourn, may specially apply to those that mourn because their lovedhave gone out of their sight, and beyond the reach of their cry.
theirsorrow, indeed, to the love divine, involves no difficulty; it is asmall matter, easily met.
the father, whose elder son is ever with him,but whose younger is in a far country, wasting his substance withriotous living, is unspeakably more to be pitied, and is harder to help,than that father both of whose sons lie in the sleep of death.
much of what goes by the name of comfort, is merely worthless; and suchas could be comforted by it, i should not care to comfort.
let time dowhat it may to bring the ease of oblivion; let change of scene do whatin it lies to lead thought away from the vanished; let new loves burygrief in the grave of the old love: consolation of such sort could neverhave crossed the mind of jesus.
would the truth call a man blessedbecause his pain would sooner or later depart, leaving him at best nobetter than before, and certainly poorer--not only the beloved gone, butthe sorrow for him too, and with the sorrow the love that had caused thesorrow?
blessed of god because restored to an absence of sorrow?
such agod were fitly adored only where not one heart worshipped in spirit andin truth.
'the lord means of course,' some one may say, 'that the comfort of themourners will be the restoration of that which they have lost.
he means,"blessed are ye although ye mourn, for your sorrow will be turned intojoy."'
happy are they whom nothing less than such restoration will comfort!
butwould such restoration be comfort enough for the heart of jesus to give?
was ever love so deep, so pure, so perfect, as to be good enough forhim?
and suppose the love between the parted two had been such, wouldthe mere restoration in the future of that which once he had, be groundenough for so emphatically proclaiming the man blessed now, blessedwhile yet in the midnight of his loss, and knowing nothing of the hourof his deliverance?
to call a man _blessed_ in his sorrow because ofsomething to be given him, surely implies a something better than whathe had before!
true, the joy that is past may have been so great thatthe man might well feel blessed in the merest hope of its restoration;but would that be meaning enough for the word in the mouth of the lord?
that the interruption of his blessedness was but temporary, would hardlybe fit ground for calling the man _blessed_ in that interruption.
_blessed_ is a strong word, and in the mouth of jesus means all it canmean.
can his saying here mean less than--'blessed are they that mourn,for they shall be comforted with a bliss well worth all the pain of themedicinal sorrow'?
besides, the benediction surely means that the man isblessed _because_ of his condition of mourning, not in spite of it.
hismourning is surely a part at least of the lord's ground forcongratulating him: is it not the present operative means whereby theconsolation is growing possible?
in a word, i do not think the lordwould be content to call a man blessed on the mere ground of his goingto be restored to a former bliss by no means perfect; i think hecongratulated the mourners upon the grief they were enduring, because hesaw the excellent glory of the comfort that was drawing nigh; because heknew the immeasurably greater joy to which the sorrow was at onceclearing the way and conducting the mourner.
when i say _greater_, godforbid i should mean _other!_ i mean the same bliss, divinely enlargedand divinely purified--passed again through the hands of the creativeperfection.
the lord knew all the history of love and loss; beheldthroughout the universe the winged love discrowning the skeleton fear.
god's comfort must ever be larger than man's grief, else were there gapsin his godhood.
mere restoration would leave a hiatus, barren andgrowthless, in the development of his children.
but, alas, what a pinched hope, what miserable expectations, most whocall themselves the lord's disciples derive from their notions of histeaching!
well may they think of death as the one thing to be rightzealously avoided, and for ever lamented!
who would forsake even thewindow-less hut of his sorrow for the poor mean place they imagine thefather's house!
why, many of them do not even expect to know theirfriends there!
do not expect to distinguish one from another of all theholy assembly!
they will look in many faces, but never to recognize oldfriends and lovers!
a fine saviour of men is their jesus!
gloriouslights they shine in the world of our sorrow, holding forth a word ofdarkness, of dismallest death!
is the lord such as they believe him?
'good-bye, then, good master!'
cries the human heart.
'i thought thoucouldst save me, but, alas, thou canst not.
if thou savest the part ofour being which can sin, thou lettest the part that can love sink intohopeless perdition: thou art not he that should come; i look foranother!
thou wouldst destroy and not save me!
thy father is not myfather; thy god is not my god!
ah, to whom shall we go?
he has not thewords of eternal life, this jesus, and the universe is dark as chaos!
ofather, this thy son is good, but we need a greater son than he.
neverwill thy children love thee under the shadow of this new law, that theyare not to love one another as thou lovest them!'
how does that man lovegod--of what kind is the love he bears him--who is unable to believethat god loves every throb of every human heart toward another?
did notthe lord die that we should love one another, and be one with him andthe father, and is not the knowledge of difference essential to thedeepest love?
can there be oneness without difference?
are all to have the same face?
then why faces at all?
ifthe plains of heaven are to be crowded with the same one face over andover for ever, but one moment will pass ere by monotony bliss shall havegrown ghastly.
why not perfect spheres of featureless ivory rather thanthose multitudinous heads with one face!
or are we to start afresh withcountenances all new, each beautiful, each lovable, each a revelation ofthe infinite father, each distinct from every other, and therefore allblending toward a full revealing--but never more the dear old preciousfaces, with its whole story in each, which seem, at the very thought ofthem, to draw our hearts out of our bosoms?
were they created only tobecome dear, and be destroyed?
is it in wine only that the old isbetter?
would such a new heaven be a thing to thank god for?
would thisbe a prospect on which the son of man would congratulate the mourner, orat which the mourner for the dead would count himself blessed?
it is ashame that such a preposterous, monstrous unbelief should call forargument.
a heaven without human love it were inhuman, and yet more undivine todesire; it ought not to be desired by any being made in the image ofgod.
the lord of life died that his father's children might grow perfectin love--might love their brothers and sisters as he loved them: is itto this end that they must cease to know one another?
to annihilate thepast of our earthly embodiment, would be to crush under the heel of aniron fate the very idea of tenderness, human or divine.
we shall all doubtless be changed, but in what direction?--to somethingless, or to something greater?--to something that is less we, whichmeans degradation?
to something that is not we, which meansannihilation?
or to something that is more we, which means a fartherdevelopment of the original idea of us, the divine germ of us, holdingin it all we ever were, all we ever can and must become?
what is itconstitutes this or that man?
is it what he himself thinks he is?
is it what his friends at any given moment think him?
in which of his changing moods is he more himself?
loves anylover so little as to desire _no_ change in the person loved--nosomething different to bring him or her closer to the indwelling ideal?
in the loveliest is there not something not like her--something lesslovely than she--some little thing in which a change would make her, notless, but more herself?
is it not of the very essence of the christianhope, that we shall be changed from much bad to all good?
if a wife solove that she would keep every opposition, every inconsistency in herhusband's as yet but partially harmonious character, she does not lovewell enough for the kingdom of heaven.
if its imperfections be essentialto the individuality she loves, and to the repossession of her joy init, she may be sure that, if he were restored to her as she would havehim, she would soon come to love him less--perhaps to love him not atall; for no one who does not love perfection, will ever keep constant inloving.
fault is not lovable; it is only the good in which the alienfault dwells that causes it to seem capable of being loved.
neither isit any man's peculiarities that make him beloved; it is the essentialhumanity underlying those peculiarities.
they may make him interesting,and, where not offensive, they may come to be loved for the sake of theman; but in themselves they are of smallest account.
we must not however confound peculiarity with diversity.
diversity is inand from god; peculiarity in and from man.
the real man is the divineidea of him; the man god had in view when he began to send him forth outof thought into thinking; the man he is now working to perfect bycasting out what is not he, and developing what is he.
but in god's realmen, that is, his ideal men, the diversity is infinite; he does notrepeat his creations; every one of his children differs from everyother, and in every one the diversity is lovable.
god gives in hischildren an analysis of himself, an analysis that will never beexhausted.
it is the original god-idea of the individual man that willat length be given, without spot or blemish, into the arms of love.
such, surely, is the heart of the comfort the lord will give those whoselove is now making them mourn; and their present blessedness must be theexpectation of the time when the true lover shall find the restored thesame as the lost--with precious differences: the things that were notlike the true self, gone or going; the things that were loveliest,lovelier still; the restored not merely more than the lost, but more theperson lost than he or she that was lost.
for the things which made himor her what he or she was, the things that rendered lovable, the thingsessential to the person, will be more present, because more developed.
whether or not the lord was here thinking specially of the mourners forthe dead, as i think he was, he surely does not limit the word ofcomfort to them, or wish us to believe less than that his father hasperfect comfort for every human grief.
out upon such miserabletheologians as, instead of receiving them into the good soil of agenerous heart, to bring forth truth an hundred fold, so cut and parethe words of the lord as to take the very life from them, quenching alltheir glory and colour in their own inability to believe, and stillwould have the dead letter of them accepted as the comfort of a creatorto the sore hearts he made in his own image!
here, 'as if they weregod's spies,' some such would tell us that the lord proclaims theblessedness of those that mourn for their sins, and of them only.
whatmere honest man would make a promise which was all a reservation, exceptin one unmentioned point!
assuredly they who mourn for their sins willbe gloriously comforted, but certainly such also as are bowed down withany grief.
the lord would have us know that sorrow is not a part oflife; that it is but a wind blowing throughout it, to winnow andcleanse.
where shall the woman go whose child is at the point of death,or whom the husband of her youth has forsaken, but to her father inheaven?
must she keep away until she knows herself sorry for her sins?
how should that woman care to be delivered from her sins, how could sheaccept any comfort, who believed the child of her bosom lost to her forever?
would the lord have such a one be of good cheer, of merry heart,because her sins were forgiven her?
would such a mother be a woman ofwhom the saviour of men might have been born?
if a woman forget thechild she has borne and nourished, how shall she remember the fatherfrom whom she has herself come?
the lord came to heal thebroken-hearted; therefore he said, 'blessed are the mourners.'
hope ingod, mother, for the deadest of thy children, even for him who died inhis sins.
thou mayest have long to wait for him--but he will be found.
it may be, thou thyself wilt one day be sent to seek him and find him.
rest thy hope on no excuse thy love would make for him, neither upon anyquibble theological or sacerdotal; hope on in him who created him, andwho loves him more than thou.
god will excuse him better than thou, andhis uncovenanted mercy is larger than that of his ministers.
shall not_the_ father do _his_ best to find his prodigal?
the good shepherd tofind his lost sheep?
the angels in his presence know the father, andwatch for the prodigal.
thou shalt be comforted.
there is one phase of our mourning for the dead which i must not leaveunconsidered, seeing it is the pain within pain of all our mourning--thesorrow, namely, with its keen recurrent pangs because of things we havesaid or done, or omitted to say or do, while we companied with thedeparted.
the very life that would give itself to the other, aches withthe sense of having, this time and that, not given what it might.
wecast ourselves at their feet, crying, forgive me, my heart's own!
butthey are pale with distance, and do not seem to hear.
it may be thatthey are longing in like agony of love after us, but know better, orperhaps only are more assured than we, that we shall be comfortedtogether by and by.
bethink thee, brother, sister, i say; bethink thee of the splendour ofgod, and answer--would he be perfect if in his restitution of all thingsthere were no opportunity for declaring our bitter grief and shame forthe past?
no moment in which to sob--sister, brother, i am thy slave?
noroom for making amends?
at the same time, when the desired moment comes,one look in the eyes may be enough, and we shall know one another evenas god knows us.
like the purposed words of the prodigal in the parable,it may be that the words of our confession will hardly find place.
heartmay so speak to heart as to forget there were such things.
mourner, hopein god, and comfort where thou canst, and the lord of mourners will beable to comfort thee the sooner.
it may be thy very severity withthyself, has already moved the lord to take thy part.
such as mourn the loss of love, such from whom the friend, the brother,the lover, has turned away--what shall i cry to them?--you too shall becomforted--only hearken: whatever selfishness clouds the love thatmourns the loss of love, that selfishness must be taken out ofit--burned out of it even by pain extreme, if such be needful.
by causeof that in thy love which was not love, it may be thy loss has come;anyhow, because of thy love's defect, thou must suffer that it may besupplied.
god will not, like the unjust judge, avenge thee to escape thecry that troubles him.
no crying will make him comfort thy selfishness.
he will not render thee incapable of loving truly.
he despises neitherthy love though mingled with selfishness, nor thy suffering that springsfrom both; he will disentangle thy selfishness from thy love, and castit into the fire.
his cure for thy selfishness at once and thysuffering, is to make thee love more--and more truly; not with the loveof love, but with the love of the person whose lost love thou bemoanest.
for the love of love is the love of thyself.
begin to love as god loves,and thy grief will assuage; but for comfort wait his time.
what he willdo for thee, he only knows.
it may be thou wilt never know what he willdo, but only what he has done: it was too good for thee to know save byreceiving it.
the moment thou art capable of it, thine it will be.
one thing is clear in regard to every trouble--that the natural waywith it is straight to the father's knee.
the father is father _for_ hischildren, else why did he make himself their father?
wouldst thou not,mourner, be comforted rather after the one eternal fashion--the child bythe father--than in such poor temporary way as would but leave thee themore exposed to thy worst enemy, thine own unreclaimed self?--an enemywho has but this one good thing in him--that he will always bring theeto sorrow!
the lord has come to wipe away our tears.
he is doing it; he will haveit done as soon as he can; and until he can, he would have them flowwithout bitterness; to which end he tells us it is a blessed thing tomourn, because of the comfort on its way.
accept his comfort now, and soprepare for the comfort at hand.
he is getting you ready for it, but youmust be a fellow worker with him, or he will never have done.
he _must_have you pure in heart, eager after righteousness, a very child of hisfather in heaven.
'blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see god.'
'blessed arethey which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall befilled.'
'blessed are the peace-makers, for they shall be called thechildren of god.'
--_matthew_ v. 8, 6, 9.the cry of the deepest in man has always been, to see god.
it was thecry of moses and the cry of job, the cry of psalmist and of prophet; andto the cry, there has ever been faintly heard a far approach of cominganswer.
in the fullness of time the son appears with the proclamationthat a certain class of men shall behold the father: 'blessed are thepure in heart,' he cries, 'for they shall see god.'
he who saw god, whosees him now, who always did and always will see him, says, 'be pure,and you also shall see him.'
to see god was the lord's own, eternal, onehappiness; therefore he knew that the essential bliss of the creature isto behold the face of the creator.
in that face lies the mystery of aman's own nature, the history of a man's own being.
he who can read noline of it, can know neither himself nor his fellow; he only who knowsgod a little, can at all understand man.
the blessed in dante's paradiseever and always read each other's thoughts in god.
looking to him, theyfind their neighbour.
all that the creature needs to see or know, allthat the creature can see or know, is the face of him from whom he came.
not seeing and knowing it, he will never be at rest; seeing and knowingit, his existence will yet indeed be a mystery to him and an awe, but nomore a dismay.
to know that it is, and that it has power neither tocontinue nor to cease, must to any soul alive enough to appreciate thefact, be merest terror, save also it knows one with it the power bywhich it exists.
from the man who comes to know and feel that power inhim and one with him, loneliness, anxiety, and fear vanish; he is nomore an orphan without a home, a little one astray on the cold waste ofa helpless consciousness.
'father,' he cries, 'hold me fast to thycreating will, that i may know myself one with it, know myself itsoutcome, its willed embodiment, and rejoice without trembling.
be thisthe delight of my being, that thou hast willed, hast loved me forth; letme know that i am thy child, born to obey thee.
dost thou not justifythy deed to thyself by thy tenderness toward me?
dost thou not justifyit to thy child by revealing to him his claim on thee because of thydisparture of him from thyself, because of his utter dependence on thee?
father, thou art in me, else i could not be in thee, could have no housefor my soul to dwell in, or any world in which to walk abroad,'these truths are, i believe, the very necessities of fact, but a mandoes not therefore, at a given moment, necessarily know them.
it isabsolutely necessary, none the less, to his real being, that he shouldknow these spiritual relations in which he stands to his origin; yea,that they should be always present and potent with him, and become theheart and sphere and all-pervading substance of his consciousness, ofwhich they are the ground and foundation.
once to have seen them, is notalways to see them.
there are times, and those times many, when thecares of this world--with no right to any part in our thought, seeingeither they are unreasonable or god imperfect--so blind the eyes of thesoul to the radiance of the eternally true, that they see it only as ifit ought to be true, not as if it must be true; as if it might be truein the region of thought, but could not be true in the region of fact.
our very senses, filled with the things of our passing sojourn, combineto cast discredit upon the existence of any world for the sake of whichwe are furnished with an inner eye, an eternal ear.
but had we onceseen god face to face, should we not be always and for ever sure of him?
we have had but glimpses of the father.
yet, if we had seen god face toface, but had again become impure of heart--if such a fearful thought bea possible idea--we should then no more believe that we had ever beheldhim.
a sin-beclouded soul could never recall the vision whose essentialverity was its only possible proof.
none but the pure in heart see god;only the growing-pure hope to see him.
even those who saw the lord, theexpress image of his person, did not see god.
they only saw jesus--andthen but the outside jesus, or a little more.
they were not pure inheart; they saw him and did not see him.
they saw him with their eyes,but not with those eyes which alone can see god.
those were not born inthem yet.
neither the eyes of the resurrection-body, nor the eyes ofunembodied spirits can see god; only the eyes of that eternal somethingthat is of the very essence of god, the thought-eyes, the truth-eyes,the love-eyes, can see him.
it is not because we are created and heuncreated, it is not because of any difference involved in thatdifference of all differences, that we cannot see him.
if he pleased totake a shape, and that shape were presented to us, and we saw thatshape, we should not therefore be seeing god.
even if we knew it was ashape of god--call it even god himself our eyes rested upon; if we hadbeen told the fact and believed the report; yet, if we did not see the_godness_, were not capable of recognizing him, so as without the reportto know the vision him, we should not be seeing god, we should only beseeing the tabernacle in which for the moment he dwelt.
in other words,not seeing what in the form made it a form fit for him to take, weshould not be seeing a presence which could only be god.
to see god is to stand on the highest point of created being.
not untilwe see god--no partial and passing embodiment of him, but the abidingpresence--do we stand upon our own mountain-top, the height of theexistence god has given us, and up to which he is leading us.
that therewe should stand, is the end of our creation.
this truth is at the heartof everything, means all kinds of completions, may be uttered in manyways; but language will never compass it, for form will never containit.
nor shall we ever see, that is know god perfectly.
we shall indeednever absolutely know man or woman or child; but we may know god as wenever can know human being--as we never can know ourselves.
we not onlymay, but we must so know him, and it can never be until we are pure inheart.
then shall we know him with the infinitude of an ever-growingknowledge.
'what is it, then, to be pure in heart?'
i answer, it is not necessary to define this purity, or to have in themind any clear form of it.
for even to know perfectly, were thatpossible, what purity of heart is, would not be to be pure in heart.
'how then am i to try after it?
can i do so without knowing what it is?'
though you do not know any definition of purity, you know enough tobegin to be pure.
you do not know what a man is, but you know how tomake his acquaintance--perhaps even how to gain his friendship.
yourbrain does not know what purity is; your heart has some acquaintancewith purity itself.
your brain in seeking to know what it is, may evenobstruct your heart in bettering its friendship with it.
to know whatpurity is, a man must already be pure; but he who can put the question,already knows enough of purity, i repeat, to begin to become pure.
ifthis moment you determine to start for purity, your conscience will atonce tell you where to begin.
if you reply, 'my conscience says nothingdefinite'; i answer, 'you are but playing with your conscience.
determine, and it will speak.'
if you care to see god, be pure.
if you will not be pure, you will growmore and more impure; and instead of seeing god, will at length findyourself face to face with a vast inane--a vast inane, yet filled fullof one inhabitant, that devouring monster, your own false self.
if forthis neither do you care, i tell you there is a power that will not haveit so; a love that will make you care by the consequences of not caring.
you who seek purity, and would have your fellow-men also seek it, spendnot your labour on the stony ground of their intellect, endeavouring toexplain what purity is; give their imagination the one pure man; call uptheir conscience to witness against their own deeds; urge upon them thegrand resolve to be pure.
with the first endeavour of a soul toward her,purity will begin to draw nigh, calling for admittance; and never will aman have to pause in the divine toil, asking what next is required ofhim; the demands of the indwelling purity will ever be in front of hisslow-labouring obedience.
if one should say, 'alas, i am shut out from this blessing!
i am notpure in heart: never shall i see god!'
here is another word from thesame eternal heart to comfort him, making his grief its own consolation.
for this man also there is blessing with the messenger of the father.
unhappy men were we, if god were the god of the perfected only, and notof the growing, the becoming!
'blessed are they,' says the lord,concerning the not yet pure, 'which do hunger and thirst afterrighteousness, for they shall be filled.'
filled with righteousness,they are pure; pure, they shall see god.
long ere the lord appeared, ever since man was on the earth, nay,surely, from the very beginning, was his spirit at work in it forrighteousness; in the fullness of time he came in his own human person,to fulfil all righteousness.
he came to his own of the same mind withhimself, who hungered and thirsted after righteousness.
they should befulfilled of righteousness!
to hunger and thirst after anything, implies a sore personal need, astrong desire, a passion for that thing.
those that hunger and thirstafter righteousness, seek with their whole nature the design of thatnature.
nothing less will give them satisfaction; that alone will setthem at ease.
they long to be delivered from their sins, to send themaway, to be clean and blessed by their absence--in a word to become men,god's men; for, sin gone, all the rest is good.
it was not in suchhearts, it was not in any heart that the revolting legal fiction ofimputed righteousness arose.
righteousness itself, god's righteousness,rightness in their own being, in heart and brain and hands, is what theydesire.
of such men was nathanael, in whom was no guile; such, perhaps,was nicodemus too, although he did come to jesus by night; such waszacchaeus.
the temple could do nothing to deliver them; but, by theirvery futility, its observances had done their work, developing thedesires they could not meet, making the men hunger and thirst the moreafter genuine righteousness: the lord must bring them this bread fromheaven.
with him, the live, original rightness, in their hearts, theymust speedily become righteous.
with that love their friend, who is atonce both the root and the flower of things, they would strivevigorously as well as hunger eagerly after righteousness.
love is thefather of righteousness.
it could not be, and could not be hungeredafter, but for love.
the lord of righteousness himself could not livewithout love, without the father in him.
every heart was created for,and can live no otherwise than in and upon love eternal, perfect, pure,unchanging; and love necessitates righteousness.
in how many souls hasnot the very thought of a real god waked a longing to be different, tobe pure, to be right!
the fact that this feeling is possible, that asoul can become dissatisfied with itself, and desire a change in itself,reveals god as an essential part of its being; for in itself the soul isaware that it cannot be what it would, what it ought--that it cannot setitself right: a need has been generated in the soul for which the soulcan generate no supply; a presence higher than itself must have causedthat need; a power greater than itself must supply it, for the soulknows its very need, its very lack, is of something greater than itself.
but the primal need of the human soul is yet greater than this; thelonging after righteousness is only one of the manifestations of it; theneed itself is that of _existence not self-existent_ for theconsciousness of the presence of the causing self-existent.
it is theman's need of god.
a moral, that is, a human, a spiritual being, musteither be god, or one with god.
this truth begins to reveal itself whenthe man begins to feel that he cannot cast out the thing he hates,cannot be the thing he loves.
that he hates thus, that he loves thus, isbecause god is in him, but he finds he has not enough of god.
hisawaking strength manifests itself in his sense of weakness, for onlystrength can know itself weak.
the negative cannot know itself at all.
weakness cannot know itself weak.
it is a little strength that longs formore; it is infant righteousness that hungers after righteousness.
to every soul dissatisfied with itself, comes this word, at once rousingand consoling, from the power that lives and makes him live--that in hishungering and thirsting he is blessed, for he shall be filled.
hishungering and thirsting is the divine pledge of the divine meal.
themore he hungers and thirsts the more blessed is he; the more room isthere in him to receive that which god is yet more eager to give thanhe to have.
it is the miserable emptiness that makes a man hunger andthirst; and, as the body, so the soul hungers after what belongs to itsnature.
a man hungers and thirsts after righteousness because his natureneeds it--needs it because it was made for it; his soul desires its own.
his nature is good, and desires more good.
therefore, that he is emptyof good, needs discourage no one; for what is emptiness but room to befilled?
emptiness is need of good; the emptiness that desires good, isitself good.
even if the hunger after righteousness should in partspring from a desire after self-respect, it is not therefore _all_false.
a man could not even be ashamed of himself, without some 'feelingsense' of the beauty of rightness.
by divine degrees the man will atlength grow sick of himself, and desire righteousness with a purehunger--just as a man longs to eat that which is good, nor thinks of thestrength it will restore.
to be filled with righteousness, will be to forget even righteousnessitself in the bliss of being righteous, that is, a child of god.
thethought of righteousness will vanish in the fact of righteousness.
whena creature is just what he is meant to be, what only he is fit to be;when, therefore, he is truly himself, he never thinks what he is.
he_is_ that thing; why think about it?
it is no longer outside of him thathe should contemplate or desire it.
god made man, and woke in him the hunger for righteousness; the lordcame to enlarge and rouse this hunger.
the first and lasting effect ofhis words must be to make the hungering and thirsting long yet more.
iftheir passion grow to a despairing sense of the unattainable, ahopelessness of ever gaining that without which life were worthless, letthem remember that the lord congratulates the hungry and thirsty, sosure does he know them of being one day satisfied.
their hunger is aprecious thing to have, none the less that it were a bad thing to retainunappeased.
it springs from the lack but also from the love of good, andits presence makes it possible to supply the lack.
happy, then, yepining souls!
the food you would have, is the one thing the lord wouldhave you have, the very thing he came to bring you!
fear not, yehungering and thirsting; you shall have righteousness enough, thoughnone to spare--none to spare, yet enough to overflow upon every man.
seehow the lord goes on filling his disciples, john and peter and james andpaul, with righteousness from within!
what honest soul, interpreting theservant by the master, and unbiassed by the tradition of them that wouldshut the kingdom of heaven against men, can doubt what paul means by'the righteousness which is of god by faith'?
he was taught of jesuschrist through the words he had spoken; and the man who does notunderstand jesus christ, will never understand his apostles.
whatrighteousness could st paul have meant but the same the lord would havemen hunger and thirst after--the very righteousness wherewith god isrighteous!
they that hunger and thirst after such only righteousness,shall become pure in heart, and shall see god.
if your hunger seems long in being filled, it is well it should seemlong.
but what if your righteousness tarry, because your hunger after itis not eager?
there are who sit long at the table because their desireis slow; they eat as who should say, we need no food.
in thingsspiritual, increasing desire is the sign that satisfaction is drawingnearer.
but it were better to hunger after righteousness for ever thanto dull the sense of lack with the husks of the christian scribes andlawyers: he who trusts in the atonement instead of in the father ofjesus christ, fills his fancy with the chimeras of a vulgar legalism,not his heart with the righteousness of god.
hear another like word of the lord.
he assures us that the father hearsthe cries of his elect--of those whom he seeks to worship him becausethey worship in spirit and in truth.
'shall not god avenge his ownelect,' he says, 'which cry day and night unto him?'
now what can god'select have to keep on crying for, night and day, but righteousness?
heallows that god seems to put off answering them, but assures us he willanswer them speedily.
even now he must be busy answering their prayers;increasing hunger is the best possible indication that he is doing so.
for some divine reason it is well they should not yet know in themselvesthat he is answering their prayers; but the day must come when we shallbe righteous even as he is righteous; when no word of his will missbeing understood because of our lack of righteousness; when nounrighteousness shall hide from our eyes the face of the father.
these two promises, of seeing god, and being filled with righteousness,have place between the individual man and his father in heaven directly;the promise i now come to, has place between a man and his god as thegod of other men also, as the father of the whole family in heaven andearth: 'blessed are the peace-makers, for they shall be called thechildren of god.'
those that are on their way to see god, those who are growing pure inheart through hunger and thirst after righteousness, are indeed thechildren of god; but specially the lord calls those his children who, ontheir way home, are peace-makers in the travelling company; for, surely,those in any family are specially the children, who make peace with andamong the rest.
the true idea of the universe is the whole family inheaven and earth.
all the children in this part of it, the earth, atleast, are not good children; but however far, therefore, the earth isfrom being a true portion of a real family, the life-germ at the root ofthe world, that by and for which it exists, is its relation to god thefather of men.
for the development of this germ in the consciousness ofthe children, the church--whose idea is the purer family within the moremixed, ever growing as leaven within the meal by absorption, but whichitself is, alas!
not easily distinguishable from the world it wouldchange--is one of the passing means.
for the same purpose, the wholedivine family is made up of numberless human families, that in these,men may learn and begin to love one another.
god, then, would make ofthe world a true, divine family.
now the primary necessity to the veryexistence of a family is peace.
many a human family is no family, andthe world is no family yet, for the lack of peace.
wherever peace isgrowing, there of course is the live peace, counteracting disruption anddisintegration, and helping the development of the true essentialfamily.
the one question, therefore, as to any family is, whether peaceor strife be on the increase in it; for peace alone makes it possiblefor the binding grass-roots of life--love, namely, and justice--tospread throughout what were else but a wind-blown heap of still driftingsand.
the peace-makers quiet the winds of the world ever ready to be upand blowing; they tend and cherish the interlacing roots of theministering grass; they spin and twist many uniting cords, and theyweave many supporting bands; they are the servants, for the truth'ssake, of the individual, of the family, of the world, of the greatuniversal family of heaven and earth.
they are the true children of thatfamily, the allies and ministers of every clasping and consolidatingforce in it; fellow-workers they are with god in the creation of thefamily; they help him to get it to his mind, to perfect his father-idea.
ever radiating peace, they welcome love, but do not seek it; theyprovoke no jealousy.
they are the children of god, for like him theywould be one with his creatures.
his eldest son, his very likeness, wasthe first of the family-peace-makers.
preaching peace to them that wereafar off and them that were nigh, he stood undefended in the turbulentcrowd of his fellows, and it was only over his dead body that hisbrothers began to come together in the peace that will not be broken.
herose again from the dead; his peace-making brothers, like himself, aredying unto sin; and not yet have the evil children made their fatherhate, or their elder brother flinch.
on the other hand, those whose influence is to divide and separate,causing the hearts of men to lean away from each other, make themselvesthe children of the evil one: born of god and not of the devil, theyturn from god, and adopt the devil their father.
they set their god-bornlife against god, against the whole creative, redemptive purpose of hisunifying will, ever obstructing the one prayer of the first-born--thatthe children may be one with him in the father.
against the heart-end ofcreation, against that for which the son yielded himself utterly, thesowers of strife, the fomenters of discord, contend ceaseless.
they dotheir part with all the other powers of evil to make the world which thelove of god holds together--a world at least, though not yet afamily--one heaving mass of dissolution.
but they labour in vain.
through the mass and through it, that it may cohere, this way and that,guided in dance inexplicable of prophetic harmony, move the children ofgod, the lights of the world, the lovers of men, the fellow-workers withgod, the peace-makers--ever weaving, after a pattern devised by, andknown only to him who orders their ways, the web of the world's history.
but for them the world would have no history; it would vanish, a cloudof windborne dust.
as in his labour, so shall these share in the joy ofgod, in the divine fruition of victorious endeavour.
blessed are thepeace-makers, for they shall be called the children of god--_the_children because they set the father on the throne of the family.
the main practical difficulty, with some at least of the peace-makers,is, how to carry themselves toward the undoers of peace, the disunitersof souls.
perhaps the most potent of these are not those powers of thechurch visible who care for canon and dogma more than for truth, and forthe church more than for christ; who take uniformity for unity; whostrain at a gnat and swallow a camel, nor knowing what spirit they areof; such men, i say, are perhaps neither the most active nor the mostpotent force working for the disintegration of the body of christ.
iimagine also that neither are the party-liars of politics the worst foesto divine unity, ungenerous, and often knowingly false as they are totheir opponents, to whom they seem to have no desire to be honest andfair.
i think, rather, they must be the babbling liars of the socialcircle, and the faithless brothers and unloving sisters of disunitedhuman families.
but why inquire?
every self-assertion, every form ofself-seeking however small or poor, world-noble or grotesque, is aseparating and scattering force.
and these forces are multitudinous,these points of radial repulsion are innumerable, because of theprevailing passion of mean souls to seem great, and feel important.
ifsuch cannot hope to attract the attention of the great-little world, ifthey cannot even become 'the cynosure of neighbouring eyes,' they will,in what sphere they may call their own, however small it be, try to makea party for themselves; each, revolving on his or her own axis, willattempt to self-centre a private whirlpool of human monads.
to draw sucha surrounding, the partisan of self will sometimes gnaw asunder the mostprecious of bonds, poison whole broods of infant loves.
such realschismatics go about, where not inventing evil, yet rejoicing ininiquity; mishearing; misrepresenting; paralyzing affection; separatinghearts.
their chosen calling is that of the strife-maker, the child ofthe dividing devil.
they belong to the class of _the perfidious_, whomdante places in the lowest infernal gulf as their proper home.
many awoman who now imagines herself standing well in morals and religion,will find herself at last just such a child of the devil; and her miserywill be the hope of her redemption.
but it is not for her sake that i write these things: would such a womanrecognize her own likeness, were i to set it down as close as wordscould draw it?
i am rather as one groping after some light on the truebehaviour toward her kind.
are we to treat persons known for liars andstrife-makers as the children of the devil or not?
are we to turn awayfrom them, and refuse to acknowledge them, rousing an ignorant strife oftongues concerning our conduct?
are we guilty of connivance, when silentas to the ambush whence we know the wicked arrow privily shot?
are we tocall the traitor to account?
or are we to give warning of any sort?
ihave no answer.
each must carry the question that perplexes to the lightof the world.
to what purpose is the spirit of god promised to them thatask it, if not to help them order their way aright?
one thing is plain--that we must love the strife-maker; another isnearly as plain--that, if we do not love him, we must leave him alone;for without love there can be no peace-making, and words will butoccasion more strife.
to be kind neither hurts nor compromises.
kindnesshas many phases, and the fitting form of it may avoid offence, and mustavoid untruth.
we must not fear what man can do to us, but commit our way to the fatherof the family.
we must be nowise anxious to defend ourselves; and if notourselves because god is our defence, then why our friends?
is he nottheir defence as much as ours?
commit thy friend's cause also to him whojudgeth righteously.
be ready to bear testimony for thy friend, as thouwouldst to receive the blow struck at him; but do not plunge into a nestof scorpions to rescue his handkerchief.
be true to him thyself, norspare to show thou lovest and honourest him; but defence may dishonour:men may say, what!
is thy friend's esteem then so small?
he is unwisewho drags a rich veil from a cactus-bush.
whatever our relation, then, with any peace-breaker, our mercy must everbe within call; and it may help us against an indignation too strong tobe pure, to remember that when any man is reviled for righteousness-sake,then is he blessed.
'blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.'
'blessed arethey which are persecuted for righteousness' sake, for theirs is thekingdom of heaven.
blessed are ye when men shall revile you andpersecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, formy sake.
rejoice and be exceeding glad, for great is your reward inheaven; for so persecuted they the prophets which were beforeyou.'
--_matthew_, v. 7, 10 11, 12.mercy cannot get in where mercy goes not out.
the outgoing makes way forthe incoming.
god takes the part of humanity against the man.
the manmust treat men as he would have god treat him.
'if ye forgive men theirtrespasses,' the lord says, 'your heavenly father will also forgive you;but if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your fatherforgive your trespasses.
and in the prophecy of the judgment of the sonof man, he represents himself as saying, 'inasmuch as ye have done itunto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.'
but the demand for mercy is far from being for the sake only of the manwho needs his neighbour's mercy; it is greatly more for the sake of theman who must show the mercy.
it is a small thing to a man whether or nothis neighbour be merciful to him; it is life or death to him whether ornot he be merciful to his neighbour.
the greatest mercy that can beshown to man, is to make him merciful; therefore, if he will not bemerciful, the mercy of god must compel him thereto.
in the parable ofthe king taking account of his servants, he delivers the unmercifuldebtor to the tormentors, 'till he should pay all that was due untohim.'
the king had forgiven his debtor, but as the debtor refuses topass on the forgiveness to his neighbour--the only way to make a returnin kind--the king withdraws his forgiveness.
if we forgive not men theirtrespasses, our trespasses remain.
for how can god in any sense forgive,remit, or send away the sin which a man insists on retaining?
unmerciful, we must be given up to the tormentors until we learn to bemerciful.
god is merciful: we must be merciful.
there is no blessednessexcept in being such as god; it would be altogether unmerciful to leaveus unmerciful.
the reward of the merciful is, that by their mercy theyare rendered capable of receiving the mercy of god--yea, god himself,who is mercy.
that men may be drawn to taste and see and understand, the lordassociates reward with righteousness.
the lord would have men loverighteousness, but how are they to love it without being acquainted withit?
how are they to go on loving it without a growing knowledge of it?
to draw them toward it that they may begin to know it, and to encouragethem when assailed by the disappointments that accompany endeavour, hetells them simply a truth concerning it--that in the doing of it, thereis great reward.
let no one start with dismay at the idea of a reward ofrighteousness, saying virtue is its own reward.
is not virtue then areward?
is any other imaginable reward worth mentioning beside it?
true,the man may, after this mode or that, mistake the reward promised; notthe less must he have it, or perish.
who will count himself deceived byoverfulfilment?
would a parent be deceiving his child in saying, 'myboy, you will have a great reward if you learn greek,' foreseeing hisson's delight in homer and plato--now but a valueless waste in his eyes?
when his reward comes, will the youth feel aggrieved that it is greek,and not bank-notes?
the nature indeed of the lord's promised rewards is hardly to bemistaken; yet the foolish remarks one sometimes hears, make me wish topoint out that neither is the lord proclaiming an ethical system, nordoes he make the blunder of representing as righteousness the doing of agood thing because of some advantage to be thereby gained.
when hepromises, he only states some fact that will encourage hisdisciples--that is, all who learn of him--to meet the difficulties inthe way of doing right and so learning righteousness, his object beingto make men righteous, not to teach them philosophy.
i doubt if thosewho would, on the ground of mentioned reward, set aside the teaching ofthe lord, are as anxious to be righteous as they are to prove himunrighteous.
if they were, they would, i think, take more care torepresent him truly; they would make farther search into the thing, norbe willing that he whom the world confesses its best man, and whom theythemselves, perhaps, confess their superior in conduct, should be foundless pure in theory than they.
must the lord hide from his friends thatthey will have cause to rejoice that they have been obedient?
must hegive them no help to counterbalance the load with which they start ontheir race?
is he to tell them the horrors of the persecutions thatawait them, and not the sweet sympathies that will help them through?
was it wrong to assure them that where he was going they should go also?
the lord could not demand of them more righteousness than he does: 'beye therefore perfect as your father in heaven is perfect;' but not tohelp them by word of love, deed of power, and promise of good, wouldhave shown him far less of a brother and a saviour.
it is the part ofthe enemy of righteousness to increase the difficulties in the way ofbecoming righteous, and to diminish those in the way of seemingrighteous.
jesus desires no righteousness for the pride of beingrighteous, any more than for advantage to be gained by it; therefore,while requiring such purity as the man, beforehand, is unable toimagine, he gives him all the encouragement he can.
he will not enhancehis victory by difficulties--of them there are enough--but bycompleteness.
he will not demand the loftiest motives in the yet farfrom loftiest soul: to those the soul must grow.
he will hearten thechild with promises, and fulfil them to the contentment of the man.
men cannot be righteous without love; to love a righteous man is thebest, the only way to learn righteousness: the lord gives us himself tolove, and promises his closest friendship to them that overcome.
god's rewards are always in kind.
'i am your father; be my children, andi will be your father.'
every obedience is the opening of another doorinto the boundless universe of life.
so long as the constitution of thatuniverse remains, so long as the world continues to be made by god,righteousness can never fail of perfect reward.
before it could beotherwise, the government must have passed into other hands.
the idea of merit is nowise essential to that of reward.
jesus tells usthat the lord who finds his servant faithful, will make him sit down tomeat, and come forth and serve him; he says likewise, 'when ye have doneall, say we are unprofitable servants; we have done only that which itwas our duty to do.'
reward is the rebound of virtue's well-served ballfrom the hand of love; a sense of merit is the most sneaking shape thatself-satisfaction can assume.
god's reward lies closed in allwell-doing: the doer of right grows better and humbler, and comes nearerto god's heart as nearer to his likeness; grows more capable of god'sown blessedness, and of inheriting the kingdoms of heaven and earth.
tobe made greater than one's fellows is the offered reward of hell, andinvolves no greatness; to be made greater than one's self, is the divinereward, and involves a real greatness.
a man might be set above all hisfellows, to be but so much less than he was before; a man cannot beraised a hair's-breadth above himself, without rising nearer to god.
thereward itself, then, is righteousness; and the man who was righteous forthe sake of such reward, knowing what it was, would be righteous for thesake of righteousness,--which yet, however, would not be perfection.
but i must distinguish and divide no farther now.
the reward of mercy is not often of this world; the merciful do notoften receive mercy in return from their fellows; perhaps they do notoften receive much gratitude.
none the less, being the children of theirfather in heaven, will they go on to show mercy, even to their enemies.
they must give like god, and like god be blessed in giving.
there is a mercy that lies in the endeavour to share with others thebest things god has given: they who do so will be persecuted, andreviled, and slandered, as well as thanked and loved and befriended.
thelord not only promises the greatest possible reward; he tells hisdisciples the worst they have to expect.
he not only shows them the faircountries to which they are bound; he tells them the truth of the roughweather and the hardships of the way.
he will not have them choose inignorance.
at the same time he strengthens them to meet comingdifficulty, by instructing them in its real nature.
all this is part ofhis preparation of them for his work, for taking his yoke upon them, andbecoming fellow-labourers with him in his father's vineyard.
they mustnot imagine, because they are the servants of his father, that thereforethey shall find their work easy; they shall only find the reward great.
neither will he have them fancy, when evil comes upon them, thatsomething unforeseen, unprovided for, has befallen them.
it is justthen, on the contrary, that their reward comes nigh: when men revilethem and persecute them, then they may know that they are blessed.
theirsuffering is ground for rejoicing, for exceeding gladness.
the ignominycast upon them leaves the name of the lord's father written upon theirforeheads, the mark of the true among the false, of the children amongthe slaves.
with all who suffer for the world, persecution is the sealof their patent, a sign that they were sent: they fill up that which isbehind of the afflictions of christ for his body's sake.
let us look at the similar words the lord spoke in a later address tohis disciples, in the presence of thousands, on the plain,--supplementedwith lamentation over such as have what they desire: st luke vi.
_'blessed be ye poor, for yours is the kingdom of god.
blessed are yethat hunger now, for ye shall be filled.
blessed are ye that weep now,for ye shall laugh.
blessed are ye when men shall hate you, and whenthey shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, andcast out your name as evil, for the son of man's sake.
rejoice ye inthat day, and leap for joy, for behold your reward is great in heaven;for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets.__'but woe unto you that are rich!
for ye have received yourconsolation.
woe unto you that are full, for ye shall hunger.
woe untoyou that laugh now, for ye shall mourn and weep.
woe unto you when allmen shall speak well of you; for so did their fathers to the falseprophets.
'_on this occasion he uses the word _hunger_ without limitation.
everytrue want, every genuine need, every god-created hunger, is a thingprovided for in the idea of the universe; but no attempt to fill a voidotherwise than the heart of the universe intended and intends, is or canbe anything but a woe.
god forgets none of his children--the naughtyones any more than the good.
love and reward is for the good: love andcorrection for the bad.
the bad ones will trouble the good, but shall dothem no hurt.
the evil a man does to his neighbour, shall do hisneighbour no harm, shall work indeed for his good; but he himself willhave to mourn for his doing.
a sore injury to himself, it is to hisneighbour a cause of jubilation--not for the evil the man does tohimself--over that there is sorrow in heaven--but for the good itoccasions his neighbour.
the poor, the hungry, the weeping, the hated,may lament their lot as if god had forgotten them; but god is all thetime caring for them.
blessed in his sight now, they shall soon knowthemselves blessed.
'blessed are ye that weep now, for ye shalllaugh.'
--welcome words from the glad heart of the saviour!
do they notmake our hearts burn within us?--they shall be comforted even tolaughter!
the poor, the hungry, the weeping, the hated, the persecuted,are the powerful, the opulent, the merry, the loved, the victorious ofgod's kingdom,--to be filled with good things, to laugh for verydelight, to be honoured and sought and cherished!
but such as have their poor consolation in this life--alas forthem!--for those who have yet to learn what hunger is!
for those whoselaughter is as the crackling of thorns!
for those who have loved andgathered the praises of men!
for the rich, the jocund, the full-fed!
silent-footed evil is on its way to seize them.
dives must go without;lazarus must have.
god's education makes use of terrible extremes.
thereare last that shall be first, and first that shall be last.
the lord knew what trials, what tortures even awaited his disciplesafter his death; he knew they would need every encouragement he couldgive them to keep their hearts strong, lest in some moment of dismaythey should deny him.
if they had denied him, where would our gospel be?
if there are none able and ready to be crucified for him now, alas forthe age to come!
what a poor travesty of the good news of god willarrive at their doors!
those whom our lord felicitates are all the children of one family; andeverything that can be called blessed or blessing comes of the samerighteousness.
if a disciple be blessed because of any one thing, everyother blessing is either his, or on the way to become his; for he is onthe way to receive the very righteousness of god.
each good thing opensthe door to the one next it, so to all the rest.
but as if these hisassurances and promises and comfortings were not large enough; as if themention of any condition whatever might discourage some humble man ofheart with a sense of unfitness, with the fear, perhaps conviction thatthe promise was not for him; as if some one might say, 'alas, i amproud, and neither poor in spirit nor meek; i am at times not at allhungry after righteousness; i am not half merciful, and am very ready tofeel hurt and indignant: i am shut out from every blessing!'
the lord,knowing the multitudes that can urge nothing in their own favour, andsorely feel they are not blessed, looks abroad over the wide world ofhis brothers and sisters, and calls aloud, including in the boundlessinvitation every living soul with but the one qualification of unrest ordiscomfort, 'come unto me all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and iwill give you rest.'
at that time jesus answered and said,--according to luke, in that hourjesus rejoiced in spirit, and said,--'i thank thee, o father, lord ofheaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise andprudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.
even so, father, for so itseemed good in thy sight.
'all things are delivered unto me of my father; and no man knoweth theson,'--according to luke, 'who the son is,'--'but the father; neitherknoweth any man the father,'--according to luke, 'who the fatheris,'--'save the son, and he to whomsoever the son will revealhim.'
25--27; _luke_ x.
'come unto me, all ye that labour, and are heavy laden, and i will giveyou rest.
take my yoke upon you, and learn of me, for i am meek andlowly in heart; and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
for my yoke iseasy, and my burden is light.'
28--30.the words of the lord in the former two of these paragraphs, arerepresented, both by matthew and by luke, as spoken after thedenunciation of the cities of chorazin, bethsaida, and capernaum; onlyin luke's narrative, the return of the seventy is mentioned between; andthere the rejoicing of the lord over the father's revelation of himselfto babes, appears to have reference to the seventy.
the fact that thereturn of the seventy is not mentioned elsewhere, leaves us free tosuppose that the words were indeed spoken on that occasion.
thecircumstances, however, as circumstances, are to us of littleimportance, not being necessary to the understanding of the words.
the lord makes no complaint against the wise and prudent; he butrecognizes that they are not those to whom his father reveals his bestthings; for which fact and the reasons of it, he thanks, or praises hisfather.
'i bless thy will: i see that thou art right: i am of one mindwith thee:' something of each of these phases of meaning seems to belongto the greek word.
'but why not reveal true things first to the wise?
are they not thefittest to receive them?'
yes, if these things and their wisdom lie inthe same region--not otherwise.
no amount of knowledge or skill inphysical science, will make a man the fitter to argue a metaphysicalquestion; and the wisdom of this world, meaning by the term, thephilosophy of prudence, self-protection, precaution, specially unfits aman for receiving what the father has to reveal: in proportion to ourcare about our own well being, is our incapability of understanding andwelcoming the care of the father.
the wise and the prudent, with alltheir energy of thought, could never see the things of the fathersufficiently to recognize them as true.
their sagacity labours inearthly things, and so fills their minds with their own questions andconclusions, that they cannot see the eternal foundations god has laidin man, or the consequent necessities of their own nature.
they areproud of finding out things, but the things they find out are all lessthan themselves.
because, however, they have discovered them, theyimagine such things the goal of the human intellect.
if they grant theremay be things beyond those, they either count them beyond their reach,or declare themselves uninterested in them: for the wise and prudent,they do not exist.
they work only to gather by the senses, and deducefrom what they have so gathered, the prudential, the probable, theexpedient, the protective.
they never think of the essential, of what initself must be.
they are cautious, wary, discreet, judicious,circumspect, provident, temporizing.
they have no enthusiasm, and areshy of all forms of it--a clever, hard, thin people, who take _things_for the universe, and love of facts for love of truth.
they knownothing deeper in man than mere surface mental facts and theirrelations.
they do not perceive, or they turn away from any truth whichthe intellect cannot formulate.
zeal for god will never eat them up: whyshould it?
he is not interesting to them: theology may be; to such menreligion means theology.
how should the treasure of the father be opento such?
in their hands his rubies would draw in their fire, and ceaseto glow.
the roses of paradise in their gardens would blow withered.
they never go beyond the porch of the temple; they are not sure whetherthere be any _adytum_, and they do not care to go in and see: why indeedshould they?
it would but be to turn and come out again.
even when theyknow their duty, they must take it to pieces, and consider the groundsof its claim before they will render it obedience.
all those evildoctrines about god that work misery and madness, have their origin inthe brains of the wise and prudent, not in the hearts of the children.
these wise and prudent, careful to make the words of his messengers rimewith their conclusions, interpret the great heart of god, not by theirown hearts, but by their miserable intellects; and, postponing theobedience which alone can give power to the understanding, press uponmen's minds their wretched interpretations of the will of the father,instead of the doing of that will upon their hearts.
they call theirphilosophy the truth of god, and say men must hold it, or stand outside.
they are the slaves of the letter in all its weakness andimperfection,--and will be until the spirit of the word, the spirit ofobedience shall set them free.
the babes must beware lest the wise and prudent come between them andthe father.
they must yield no claim to authority over their belief,made by man or community, by church any more than by synagogue.
thatalone is for them to believe which the lord reveals to their souls astrue; that alone is it possible for them to believe with what he countsbelief.
the divine object for which teacher or church exists, is thepersuasion of the individual heart to come to jesus, the spirit, to betaught what he alone can teach.
terribly has his gospel suffered in the mouths of the wise and prudent:how would it be faring now, had its first messages been committed topersons of repute, instead of those simple fishermen?
it would benowhere, or, if anywhere, unrecognizable.
from the first we should havehad a system founded on a human interpretation of the divine gospel,instead of the gospel itself, which would have disappeared.
as it is, wehave had one dull miserable human system after another usurping itsplace; but, thank god, the gospel remains!
the little child, heedlessof his trailing cloud of glory, and looking about him aghast in anunknown world, may yet see and run to the arms open to the children.
howoften has not some symbol employed in the new testament been forced intothe service of argument for one or another contemptible scheme ofredemption, which were no redemption; while the truth for the sake ofwhich the symbol was used, the thing meant to be conveyed by it, haslain unregarded beside the heap of rubbish!
had the wise and prudentbeen the confidants of god, i repeat, the letter would at once haveusurped the place of the spirit; the ministering slave would have beenset over the household; a system of religion, with its rickety,malodorous plan of salvation, would not only have at once been put inthe place of a living christ, but would yet have held that place.
thegreat brother, the human god, the eternal son, the living one, wouldhave been as utterly hidden from the tearful eyes and aching hearts ofthe weary and heavy-laden, as if he had never come from the deeps oflove to call the children home out of the shadows of a self-haunteduniverse.
but the father revealed the father's things to his babes; thebabes loved, and began to do them, therewith began to understand them,and went on growing in the knowledge of them and in the power ofcommunicating them; while to the wise and prudent, the deepest words ofthe most babe-like of them all, john boanerges, even now appear but afinger-worn rosary of platitudes.
the babe understands the wise andprudent, but is understood only by the babe.
the father, then, revealed his things to babes, because the babes werehis own little ones, uncorrupted by the wisdom or the care of thisworld, and therefore able to receive them.
the others, though hischildren, had not begun to be like him, therefore could not receivethem.
the father's things could not have got anyhow into their mindswithout leaving all their value, all their spirit, outside theunchildlike place.
the babes are near enough whence they come, tounderstand a little how things go in the presence of their father inheaven, and thereby to interpret the words of the son.
the child who hasnot yet 'walked above a mile or two from' his 'first love,' is not outof touch with the mind of his father.
quickly will he seal the old bondwhen the son himself, the first of the babes, the one perfect babe ofgod, comes to lead the children out of the lovely 'shadows of eternity'into the land of the 'white celestial thought.'
as god is the one onlyreal father, so is it only to god that any one can be a perfect child.
in his garden only can childhood blossom.
the leader of the great array of little ones, himself, in virtue of hisfirstborn childhood, the first recipient of the revelations of hisfather, having thus given thanks, and said why he gave thanks, breaksout afresh, renewing expression of delight that god had willed it thus:'even so, father, for so it seemed good in thy sight!'
i venture totranslate, 'yea, o father, for thus came forth satisfaction beforethee!'
and think he meant, 'yea, father, for thereat were all thy angelsfilled with satisfaction,' the babes were the prophets in heaven, andthe angels were glad to find it was to be so upon the earth also; theyrejoiced to see that what was bound in heaven, was bound on earth; thatthe same principle held in each.
compare matt, xviii.
10 and 14; alsoluke xv.
'see that ye despise not one of these little ones; for isay unto you that their angels in heaven do always behold the face of myfather which is in heaven.... thus it is not the will before your fatherwhich is in heaven,'--_among the angels who stand before him_, i thinkhe means,--'that one of these little ones should perish.'
'even so, isay unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of god over onesinner that repenteth.'
having thus thanked his father that he has done after his own 'good andacceptable and perfect will', he turns to his disciples, and tells themthat he knows the father, being his son, and that he only can reveal thefather to the rest of his children: 'all things are delivered unto meof my father; and no one knoweth the son but the father; neither knowethany one the father save the son, and he to whomsoever the son willeth toreveal him.'
it is almost as if his mention of the babes brought histhoughts back to himself and his father, between whom lay the secret ofall life and all sending--yea, all loving.
the relation of the fatherand the son contains the idea of the universe.
jesus tells his disciplesthat his father had no secrets from him; that he knew the father as thefather knew him.
the son must know the father; he only could knowhim--and knowing, he could reveal him; the son could make the other, theimperfect children, know the father, and so become such as he.
allthings were given unto him by the father, because he was the son of thefather: for the same reason he could reveal the things of the father tothe child of the father.
the child-relation is the one eternal, everenduring, never changing relation.
note that, while the lord here represents the knowledge his father andhe have each of the other as limited to themselves, the statement is oneof fact only, not of design or intention: his presence in the world isfor the removal of that limitation.
the father knows the son and sendshim to us that we may know him; the son knows the father, and dies toreveal him.
the glory of god's mysteries is--that they are for hischildren to look into.
when the lord took the little child in the presence of his disciples,and declared him his representative, he made him the representative ofhis father also; but the eternal child alone can reveal him.
to revealis immeasurably more than to represent; it is to present to the eyesthat know the true when they see it.
jesus represented god; the spiritof jesus reveals god.
the represented god a man may refuse; many refusedthe lord; the revealed god no one can refuse; to see god and to love himare one.
he can be revealed only to the child; perfectly, to the purechild only.
all the discipline of the world is to make men children,that god may be revealed to them.
no man, when first he comes to himself, can have any true knowledge ofgod; he can only have a desire after such knowledge.
but while he doesnot know him at all, he cannot become in his heart god's child; so thefather must draw nearer to him.
he sends therefore his first born, whodoes know him, is exactly like him, and can represent him perfectly.
drawn to him, the children receive him, and then he is able to revealthe father to them.
no wisdom of the wise can find out god; no words ofthe god-loving can reveal him.
the simplicity of the whole naturalrelation is too deep for the philosopher.
the son alone can reveal god;the child alone understand him.
the elder brother companies with theyounger, and makes him yet more a child like himself.
he interpenetrateshis willing companion with his obedient glory.
he lets him see how hedelights in his father, and lets him know that god is his father too.
herouses in his little brother the sense of their father's will; and theyounger, as he hears and obeys, begins to see that his elder brothermust be the very image of their father.
he becomes more and more of achild, and more and more the son reveals to him the father.
for he knowsthat to know the father is the one thing needful to every child of thefather, the one thing to fill the divine gulf of his necessity.
to seethe father is the cry of every child-heart in the universe of thefather--is the need, where not the cry, of every living soul.
comfortyourselves then, brothers and sisters; he to whom the son will revealhim shall know the father; and the son came to us that he might revealhim.
'eternal brother,' we cry, 'show us the father.
be thyself to us,that in thee we may know him.
we too are his children: let the otherchildren share with thee in the things of the father.'
having spoken to his father first, and now to his disciples, the lordturns to the whole world, and lets his heart overflow:--st matthew alonehas saved for us the eternal cry:--'come unto me all ye that labour andare heavy laden, and i will give you rest.'
--'i know the father; comethen to me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden.'
he does not herecall those who want to know the father; his cry goes far beyond them; itreaches to the ends of the earth.
he calls those who are weary; thosewho do not know that ignorance of the father is the cause of all theirlabour and the heaviness of their burden.
'come unto me,' he says, 'andi will give you rest.'
this is the lord's own form of his gospel, more intensely personal anddirect, at the same time of yet wider inclusion, than that which, atnazareth, he appropriated from isaiah; differing from it also in this,that it is interfused with strongest persuasion to the troubled to enterinto and share his own eternal rest.
i will turn his argument a little.
'i have rest because i know the father.
be meek and lowly of hearttoward him as i am; let him lay his yoke upon you as he lays it on me.
ido his will, not my own.
take on you the yoke that i wear; be his childlike me; become a babe to whom he can reveal his wonders.
then shall youtoo find rest to your souls; you shall have the same peace i have; youwill be weary and heavy laden no more.
i find my yoke easy, my burdenlight.'
we must not imagine that, when the lord says, 'take my yoke upon you,'he means a yoke which he lays on those that come to him; 'my yoke' isthe yoke he wears himself, the yoke his father lays upon him, the yokeout of which, that same moment, he speaks, bearing it with gladpatience.
'you must take on you the yoke i have taken: the father laysit upon us.'
the best of the good wine remains; i have kept it to the last.
a friendpointed out to me that the master does not mean we must take on us ayoke like his; we must take on us the very yoke he is carrying.
dante, describing how, on the first terrace of purgatory, he walkedstooping, to be on a level with oderisi, who went bowed to the ground bythe ponderous burden of the pride he had cherished on earth, says--'iwent walking with this heavy-laden soul, just as oxen walk in the yoke':this picture almost always comes to me with the words of the lord, 'takemy yoke upon you, and learn of me.'
their intent is, 'take the other endof my yoke, doing as i do, being as i am.'
think of it a moment:--towalk in the same yoke with the son of man, doing the same labour withhim, and having the same feeling common to him and us!
this, and nothingelse, is offered the man who would have rest to his soul; is required ofthe man who would know the father; is by the lord pressed upon him towhom he would give the same peace which pervades and sustains his owneternal heart.
but a yoke is for drawing withal: what load is it the lord is drawing?
wherewith is the cart laden which he would have us help him draw?
withwhat but the will of the eternal, the perfect father?
how should thefather honour the son, but by giving him his will to embody in deed, bymaking him hand to his father's heart!--and hardest of all, in bringinghome his children!
specially in drawing this load must his yoke-fellowshare.
how to draw it, he must learn of him who draws by his side.
whoever, in the commonest duties that fall to him, does as the fatherwould have him do, bears his yoke along with jesus; and the father takeshis help for the redemption of the world--for the deliverance of menfrom the slavery of their own rubbish-laden waggons, into the liberty ofgod's husbandmen.
bearing the same yoke with jesus, the man learns towalk step for step with him, drawing, drawing the cart laden with thewill of the father of both, and rejoicing with the joy of jesus.
theglory of existence is to take up its burden, and exist for existenceeternal and supreme--for the father who does his divine and perfect bestto impart his glad life to us, making us sharers of that nature which isbliss, and that labour which is peace.
he lives for us; we must live forhim.
the little ones must take their full share in the great father'swork: his work is the business of the family.
starts thy soul, trembles thy brain at the thought of such a burden asthe will of the eternally creating, eternally saving god?
'how shallmortal man walk in such a yoke,' sayest thou, 'even with the son of godbearing it also?'
why, brother, sister, it is the only burden bearable--the only burdenthat can be borne of mortal!
under any other, the lightest, he must atlast sink outworn, his very soul gray with sickness!
he on whom lay the other half of the burden of god, the weight of hiscreation to redeem, says, 'the yoke i bear is easy; the burden i draw islight'; and this he said, knowing the death he was to die.
the yoke didnot gall his neck, the burden did not overstrain his sinews, neither didthe goal on calvary fright him from the straight way thither.
he had thewill of the father to work out, and that will was his strength as wellas his joy.
he had the same will as his father.
to him the one thingworth living for, was the share the love of his father gave him in hiswork.
he loved his father even to the death of the cross, and eternallybeyond it.
when we give ourselves up to the father as the son gave himself, weshall not only find our yoke easy and our burden light, but that theycommunicate ease and lightness; not only will they not make us weary,but they will give us rest from all other weariness.
let us not waste amoment in asking how this can be; the only way to know that, is to takethe yoke on us.
that rest is a secret for every heart to know, for nevera tongue to tell.
only by having it can we know it.
if it seemimpossible to take the yoke on us, let us attempt the impossible; let uslay hold of the yoke, and bow our heads, and try to get our necks underit.
giving our father the opportunity, he will help and not fail us.
heis helping us every moment, when least we think we need his help; whenmost we think we do, then may we most boldly, as most earnestly we must,cry for it.
what or how much his creatures can do or bear, god onlyunderstands; but when most it seems impossible to do or bear, we must bemost confident that he will neither demand too much, nor fail with thevital creator-help.
that help will be there when wanted--that is, themoment it can be help.
to be able beforehand to imagine ourselves doingor bearing, we have neither claim nor need.
it is vain to think that any weariness, however caused, any burden,however slight, may be got rid of otherwise than by bowing the neck tothe yoke of the father's will.
there can be no other rest for heart andsoul that he has created.
from every burden, from every anxiety, fromall dread of shame or loss, even loss of love itself, that yoke will setus free.
these words of the lord--so many as are reported in common by st matthewand st luke, namely his thanksgiving, and his statement concerning themutual knowledge of his father and himself, meet me like a well knownface unexpectedly encountered: they come to me like a piece of heavenlybread cut from the gospel of st john.
the words are not in that gospel,and in st matthew's and st luke's there is nothing more of the kind--inst mark's nothing like them.
the passage seems to me just one solitaryflower testifying to the presence in the gospels of matthew and luke ofthe same root of thought and feeling which everywhere blossoms in thatof john.
it looks as if it had crept out of the fourth gospel into thefirst and third, and seems a true sign, though no proof, that, howevermuch the fourth be unlike the other gospels, they have all the sameorigin.
some disciple was able to remember one such word of which thepromised comforter brought many to the remembrance of john.
i do not seehow the more phenomenal gospels are ever to be understood, save througha right perception of the relation in which the lord stands to hisfather, which relation is the main subject of the gospel according to stjohn.
as to the loving cry of the great brother to the whole weary worldwhich matthew alone has set down, i seem aware of a certainindescribable individuality in its tone, distinguishing it from all hisother sayings on record.
those who come at the call of the lord, and take the rest he offersthem, learning of him, and bearing the yoke of the father, are the saltof the earth, the light of the world.
'ye are the salt of the earth; but if the salt have lost his savour,wherewith shall it be salted?
it is thenceforth good for nothing, but tobe cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.
ye are the light ofthe world.
a city that is set on an hill, cannot be hid.
neither do menlight a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and itgiveth light unto all that are in the house.
let your light so shinebefore men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your fatherwhich is in heaven.'
--_matthew_ v. 3--16.the lord knew these men, and had their hearts in his hand; else would hehave told them they were the salt of the earth and the light of theworld?
they were in danger, it is true, of pluming themselves on what hehad said of them, of taking their importance to their own credit, andseeing themselves other than god saw them.
yet the lord does nothesitate to call his few humble disciples the salt of the earth; andevery century since has borne witness that such indeed they were--thathe spoke of them but the simple fact.
where would the world be now butfor their salt and their light!
the world that knows neither their saltnor their light may imagine itself now at least greatly retarded by thelong-drawn survival of their influences; but such as have chosenaspiration and not ambition, will cry, but for those men, whither shouldwe at this moment be bound!
their master set them to be salt againstcorruption, and light against darkness; and our souls answer and say,lord, they have been the salt, they have been the light of the world!
no sooner has he used the symbol of the salt, than the lord proceeds tosupplement its incompleteness.
they were salt which must remember thatit is salt; which must live salt, and choose salt, and be salt.
for thewhole worth of salt lies in its being salt; and all the saltness of themoral salt lies in the will to be salt.
to lose its saltness, then, isto cease to exist, save as a vile thing whose very being isunjustifiable.
what is to be done with saltless salt!--with such aswould teach religion, and know not god!
having thus carried the figure as far as it will serve him, the masterchanges it for another, which he can carry farther.
for salt onlypreserves from growing bad; it does not cause anything to grow better.
his disciples are the salt of the world, but they are more.
therefore,having warned the human salt to look to itself that it be indeed salt,he proceeds: 'ye are the light of the world, a city, a candle,' and soresumes his former path of persuasion and enforcement: 'it is so,therefore make it so.'
--'ye are the salt of the earth; therefore besalt.'
--'ye are the light of the world; therefore shine.'
--'ye are acity; be seen upon your hill.'
--'ye are the lord's candles; let nobushels cover you.
let your light shine.'
every disciple of the lordmust be a preacher of righteousness.
cities are the best lighted portions of the world; and perhaps the lordmeant, 'you are a live city, therefore light up your city.'
someconnection of the city with light seems probably in his thought, seeingthe allusion to the city on the hill comes in the midst of what he saysabout light in relation to his disciples as the light of the world.
anyhow the city is the best circle in which, and the best centre fromwhich to diffuse moral light.
a man brooding in the desert may find thevery light of light, but he must go to the city to let it shine.
from the general idea of light, however, associated with the city asvisible to all the country around, the lord turns at once, in thisprobably fragmentary representation of his words, to the homelier, themore individual and personally applicable figure of the lamp: 'neitherdo men light a lamp, and put it under a bushel, but on a lampstand, andit giveth light to all that are in the house,'here let us meditate a moment.
for what is a lamp or a man lighted?
forthem that need light, therefore for all.
a candle is not lighted foritself; neither is a man.
the light that serves self only, is no truelight; its one virtue is that it will soon go out.
the bushel needs tobe lighted, but not by being put over the lamp.
the man's own soul needsto be lighted, but light for itself only, light covered by the bushel,is darkness whether to soul or bushel.
light unshared is darkness.
to belight indeed, it must shine out.
it is of the very essence of light,that it is for others.
the thing is true of the spiritual as of thephysical light--of the truth as of its type.
the lights of the world are live lights.
the lamp that the lord kindlesis a lamp that can will to shine, a soul that must shine.
its truerelation to the spirits around it--to god and its fellows, is its light.
then only does it fully shine, when its love, which is its light, showsit to all the souls within its scope, and all those souls to each other,and so does its part to bring all together toward one.
in the darknesseach soul is alone; in the light the souls are a family.
men do notlight a lamp to kill it with a bushel, but to set it on a stand, thatit may give light to all that are in the house.
the lord seems to say,'so have i lighted you, not that you may shine for yourselves, but thatyou may give light unto all.
i have set you like a city on a hill, thatthe whole earth may see and share in your light.
shine therefore; soshine before men, that they may see your good things and glorify yourfather for the light with which he has lighted you.
take heed to yourlight that it be such, that it so shine, that in you men may see thefather--may see your works so good, so plainly his, that they recognizehis presence in you, and thank him for you.'
there was the danger alwaysof the shadow of the self-bushel clouding the lamp the father hadlighted; and the moment they ceased to show the father, the light thatwas in them was darkness.
god alone is the light, and our light is theshining of his will in our lives.
if our light shine at all, it must be,it can be only in showing the father; nothing is light that does notbear him witness.
the man that sees the glory of god, would turn sick atthe thought of glorifying his own self, whose one only possible glory isto shine with the glory of god.
when a man tries to shine from the selfthat is not one with god and filled with his light, he is but makingready for his own gathering contempt.
the man who, like his lord, seeksnot his own, but the will of him who sent him, he alone shines.
he whowould shine in the praises of men, will, sooner or later, find himselfbut a gideon's-pitcher left broken on the field.
let us bestir ourselves then to keep this word of the lord; and to thisend inquire how we are to let our light shine.
to the man who does not try to order his thoughts and feelings andjudgments after the will of the father, i have nothing to say; he canhave no light to let shine.
for to let our light shine is to see that inevery, even the smallest thing, our lives and actions correspond to whatwe know of god; that, as the true children of our father in heaven, wedo everything as he would have us do it.
need i say that to let ourlight shine is to be just, honourable, true, courteous, more carefulover the claim of our neighbour than our own, as knowing ourselves indanger of overlooking it, and not bound to insist on every claim of ourown!
the man who takes no count of what is fair, friendly, pure,unselfish, lovely, gracious,--where is his claim to call jesus hismaster?
where his claim to christianity?
what saves his claim from beingmerest mockery?
the outshining of any human light must be obedience to truth recognizedas such; our first show of light as the lord's disciples must be indoing the things he tells us.
naturally thus we declare him our master,the ruler of our conduct, the enlightener of our souls; and while inthe doing of his will a man is learning the loveliness of righteousness,he can hardly fail to let some light shine across the dust of hisfailures, the exhalations from his faults.
thus will his disciples shineas lights in the world, holding forth the word of life.
to shine, we must keep in his light, sunning our souls in it by thinkingof what he said and did, and would have us think and do.
so shall wedrink the light like some diamonds, keep it, and shine in the dark.
doing his will, men will see in us that we count the world his, holdthat his will and not ours must be done in it.
our very faces will thenshine with the hope of seeing him, and being taken home where he is.
only let us remember that trying to look what we ought to be, is thebeginning of hypocrisy.
if we do indeed expect better things to come, we must let our hopeappear.
a christian who looks gloomy at the mention of death, stillmore, one who talks of his friends as if he had lost them, turns thebushel of his little-faith over the lamp of the lord's light.
death isbut our visible horizon, and our look ought always to be focussed beyondit.
we should never talk as if death were the end of anything.
to let our light shine, we must take care that we have no respect forriches: if we have none, there is no fear of our showing any.
to treatthe poor man with less attention or cordiality than the rich, is to showourselves the servants of mammon.
in like manner we must lay no value onthe praise of men, or in any way seek it.
we must honour no man becauseof intellect, fame, or success.
we must not shrink, in fear of thejudgment of men, from doing openly what we hold right; or at allacknowledge as a law-giver what calls itself society, or harbour theleast anxiety for its approval.
in business, the custom of the trade must be understood by bothcontracting parties, else it can have no place, either as law or excuse,with the disciple of jesus.
the man to whom business is one thing andreligion another, is not a disciple.
if he refuses to harmonize them bymaking his business religion, he has already chosen mammon; if he thinksnot to settle the question, it is settled.
the most futile of all humanendeavours is, to serve god and mammon.
the man who makes the endeavour,betrays his master in the temple and kisses him in the garden; takesadvantage of him in the shop, and offers him 'divine service!'
his very church-going is but a further service of mammon!
butlet us waste no strength in despising such men; let us rather turn thelight upon ourselves: are we not in some way denying him?
is our lightbearing witness?
is it shining before men so that they glorify god forit?
if it does not shine, it is darkness.
in the darkness which a mantakes for light, he will thrust at the heart of the lord himself.
he who goes about his everyday duty as the work the father has given himto do, is he who lets his light shine.
but such a man will not becontent with this: he must yet let his light shine.
whatever makes hisheart glad, he will have his neighbour share.
the body is a lantern; itmust not be a dark lantern; the glowing heart must show in the shiningface.
his glad thought may not be one to impart to his neighbour, but hemust not quench the vibration of its gladness ere it reach him.
whatshall we say of him who comes from his closet, his mountain-top, withsuch a veil over his face as masks his very humanity?
is it with thefather that man has had communion, whose every movement isself-hampered, and in whose eyes dwell no smiles for the people of hishouse?
the man who receives the quiet attentions, the divineministrations, of wife or son or daughter, without token of pleasure,without sign of gratitude, can hardly have been with jesus.
or can hehave been with him, and have left him behind in his closet?
if his faithin god take from a man his cheerfulness, how shall the face of a manever shine?
and why are they always glad before the face of the fatherin heaven?
it is true that pain or inward grief may blameless banish allsmiling, but even heaviness of heart has no right so to tumble thebushel over the lamp that no ray can get out to tell that love is yetburning within.
the man must at least let his dear ones know thatsomething else than displeasure with them is the cause of his cloudedcountenance.
what a sweet colour the divine light takes to itself in courtesy, whoseperfection is the recognition of every man as a temple of the livinggod.
sorely ruined, sadly defiled the temple may be, but if god had leftit, it would be a heap and not a house.
next to love, specially will the light shine out in fairness.
what lightcan he have in him who is always on his own side, and will never descryreason or right on that of his adversary?
and certainly, if he thatshoweth mercy, as well he that showeth justice, ought to do it withcheerfulness.
but if all our light shine out, and none of our darkness, shall we notbe in utmost danger of hypocrisy?
yes, if we but hide our darkness, anddo not strive to slay it with our light: what way have we to show it,while struggling to destroy it?
only when we cherish evil, is therehypocrisy in hiding it.
a man who is honestly fighting it and showing itno quarter, is already conqueror in christ, or will soon be--and morethan innocent.
but our good feelings, those that make for righteousnessand unity, we ought to let shine; they claim to commune with the lightin others.
many parents hold words unsaid which would lifthundred-weights from the hearts of their children, yea, make them leapfor joy.
a stern father and a silent mother make mournful, or, which isfar worse, hard children.
need i add that, if any one, hearing theinjunction to let his light shine, makes himself shine instead, it isbecause the light is not in him!
but what shall i say of such as, in the name of religion, let only theirdarkness out--the darkness of worshipped opinion, the darkness oflip-honour and disobedience!
such are those who tear asunder the body ofchrist with the explosives of dispute, on the plea of such a unity asalone they can understand, namely a paltry uniformity.
what have not the'good church-man' and the 'strong dissenter' to answer for, who, hidingwhat true light they have, if indeed they have any, each under thebushel of his party-spirit, radiate only repulsion!
there is no schism,none whatever, in using diverse forms of thought or worship: truehonesty is never schismatic.
the real schismatic is the man who turnsaway love and justice from the neighbour who holds theories in religiousphilosophy, or as to church-constitution, different from his own; whodenies or avoids his brother because he follows not with him; who callshim a schismatic because he prefers this or that mode of public worshipnot his.
the other _may_ be schismatic; he himself certainly _is_.
hewalks in the darkness of opinion, not in the light of life, not in thefaith which worketh by love.
worst of all is division in the name ofchrist who came to make one.
neither paul nor apollos nor cephaswould--least of all will christ be the leader of any party save that ofhis own elect, the party of love--of love which suffereth long and iskind; which envieth not, is not puffed up, doth not behave itselfunseemly, seeketh not its own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil,rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth, beareth allthings, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.
'let your light shine,' says the lord:--if i have none, the call cannotapply to me; but i must bethink me, lest, in the night i am cherishingabout me, the lord come upon me like a thief.
there may be those,however, and i think they are numerous, who, having some, or imaginingthey have much light, yet have not enough to know the duty of letting itshine on their neighbours.
the lord would have his men so alive with hislight, that it should for ever go flashing from each to all, and all,with eternal response, keep glorifying the father.
dost thou look for agood time coming, friend, when thou shalt know as thou art known?
letthe joy of thy hope stream forth upon thy neighbours.
fold them round inthat which maketh thyself glad.
let thy nature grow more expansive andcommunicative.
look like the man thou art--a man who knows somethingvery good.
thou believest thyself on the way to the heart of things:walk so, shine so, that all that see thee shall want to go with thee.
what light issues from such as make their faces long at the very name ofdeath, and look and speak as if it were the end of all things and theworst of evils?
jesus told his men not to fear death; told them hisfriends should go to be with him; told them they should live in thehouse of his father and their father; and since then he has risenhimself from the tomb, and gone to prepare a place for them: who, whatare these miserable refusers of comfort?
not christians, surely!
oh,yes, they are christians!
'they are gone,' they say, 'to be for everwith the lord;' and then they weep and lament, and seem more afraid ofstarting to join them than of aught else under the sun!
to the lastattainable moment they cling to what they call life.
they arechildren--were there ever any other such children?--who hang crying tothe skirts of their mother, and will not be lifted to her bosom.
theyare not of paul's mind: to be with him is not better!
they worshiptheir physician; and their prayer to the god of their life is to sparethem from more life.
what sort of christians are they?
where shinestheir light?
alas for thee, poor world, hadst thou no better lights thanthese!
you who have light, show yourselves the sons and daughters of light, ofgod, of hope--the heirs of a great completeness.
freely let your lightshine.
only take heed that ye do not your righteousness before men, to be seenof them.
take heed that ye do not your righteousness before men to be seen ofthem; otherwise ye have no reward of your father which is in heaven....but when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right handdoeth; that thine alms may be in secret; and thy father which seeth insecret, himself shall reward thee.--_matthew_ vi.
let your light out freely, that men may see it, but not that men may seeyou.
if i do anything, not because it has to be done, not because godwould have it so, not that i may do right, not because it is honest, notthat i love the thing, not that i may be true to my lord, not that thetruth may be recognized as truth and as his, but that i may be seen asthe doer, that i may be praised of men, that i may gain repute or fame;be the thing itself ever so good, i may look to men for my reward, forthere is none for me with the father.
if, that light being my pleasure,i do it that the light may shine, and that men may know _the_ light,the father of lights, i do well; but if i do it that i may be seenshining, that the light may be noted as emanating from me and not fromanother, then am i of those that seek glory of men, and worship satan;the light that through me may possibly illuminate others, will, in meand for me, be darkness.
_but when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy righthand doeth_.
how, then, am i to let my light shine, if i take pains to hide what ido?
the injunction is not to hide what you do from others, but to hide itfrom yourself.
the master would have you not plume yourself upon it, notcherish the thought that you have done it, or confer with yourself insatisfaction over it.
you must not count it to your praise.
a man mustnot desire to be satisfied with himself.
his right hand must not seekthe praise of his left hand.
his doing must not invite hisafter-thinking.
the right hand must let the thing done go, as a thingdone-with.
we must meditate nothing either as a fine thing for us to do,or a fine thing for us to have done.
we must not imagine any merit inus: it would be to love a lie, for we can have none; there is no suchthing possible.
is there anything to be proud of in refusing to worshipthe devil?
is it a grand thing, is it a meritorious thing, not to bevile?
when we have done all, we are unprofitable servants.
our very bestis but decent.
what more could it be?
why then think of it as anythingmore?
what things could we or any one do, worthy of being brooded overas possessions.
good to do, they were; bad to pride ourselves upon, theyare.
why should a man meditate with satisfaction on having deniedhimself some selfish indulgence, any more than on having washed hishands?
may we roll the rejection of a villainy as a sweet morsel underour tongues?
they were the worst villains of all who could be proud ofnot having committed a villainy; and their pride would but render themthe more capable of the villainy, when next the temptation to it came.
even if our supposed merit were of the positive order, and we did everyduty perfectly, the moment we began to pride ourselves upon the fact, weshould drop into a hell of worthlessness.
what are we for but to do ourduty?
we must do it, and think nothing of ourselves for that, neithercare what men think of us for anything.
with the praise or blame of menwe have nought to do.
their blame may be a good thing, their praisecannot be.
but the worst sort of the praise of men is the praise we giveourselves.
we must do nothing to be seen of ourselves.
we must seek noapprobation even, but that of god, else we shut the door of the kingdomfrom the outside.
his approbation will but quicken our sense ofunworthiness.
seek the praise of men for being fair to our ownbrothers and sisters?
seek the praise of god for laying our heartsat the feet of him to whom we utterly belong?
there is no pride somean--and all pride is absolutely, essentially mean--as the pride ofbeing holier than our fellow, except the pride of being holy.
suchimagined holiness is foulness.
religion itself in the hearts of theunreal, is a dead thing; what seems life in it, is the vermiculate lifeof a corpse.
there is one word in the context, as we have it in the authorizedversion, that used to trouble me, seeming to make its publicity aportion of the reward for doing certain right things in secret: i meanthe word _openly_, at the ends of the fourth, the sixth, and theeighteenth verses, making the lord seem to say, 'avoid the praise ofmen, and thou shalt at length have the praise of men.'
--'thy father,which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.'
_thy reward shall beseen of men!
and thou seen as the receiver of the reward!_ in what otherway could the word, then or now, be fairly understood?
it must be theinterpolation of some jew scribe, who, even after learning a little ofthe christ, continued unable to conceive as reward anything that did notdraw part at least of its sweetness from the gazing eyes of themultitude.
glad was i to find that the word is not in the bestmanuscripts; and god be thanked that it is left out in the revisedversion.
what shall we think of the daring that could interpolate it!
but of like sort is the daring of much exposition of the master's words.
what men have not faith enough to receive, they will still dilute to thestandard of their own faculty of reception.
if any one say, 'why did thelord let the word remain there so long, if he never said it?'
i answer:perhaps that the minds of his disciples might be troubled at itspresence, arise against it, and do him right by casting it out--and sowisdom be justified of her children.
but there are some who, if the notion of reward is not naturally atrouble to them, yet have come to feel it such, because of the words ofcertain objectors who think to take a higher stand than the christian,saying the idea of reward for doing right is a low, an unworthy idea.
now, verily, it would be a low thing for any child to do his father'swill in the hope that his father would reward him for it; but it isquite another thing for a father whose child endeavours to please him,to let him know that he recognizes his childness toward him, and will befatherly good to him.
what kind of a father were the man who, becausethere could be no merit or desert in doing well, would not give hischild a smile or a pleased word when he saw him trying his best?
wouldnot such acknowledgment from the father be the natural correlate of thechild's behaviour?
and what would the father's smile be but the perfectreward of the child?
suppose the father to love the child so that hewants to give him everything, but dares not until his character isdeveloped: must he not be glad, and show his gladness, at every shade ofa progress that will at length set him free to throne his son over allthat he has?
'i am an unprofitable servant,' says the man who has donehis duty; but his lord, coming unexpectedly, and finding him at hispost, girds himself, and makes him sit down to meat, and comes forth andserves him.
how could the divine order of things, founded for growth andgradual betterment, hold and proceed without the notion of return for athing done?
must there be only current and no tide?
how can we beworkers with god at his work, and he never say 'thank you, my child'?
will he take joy in his success and give none?
is he the husbandman totake all the profit, and muzzle the mouth of his ox?
when a man doeswork for another, he has his wages for it, and society exists by thedependence of man upon man through work and wages.
the devil is not theinventor of this society; he has invented the notion of a certaindegradation in work, a still greater in wages; and following this up,has constituted a society after his own likeness, which despises work,leaves it undone, and so can claim its wages without disgrace.
if you say, 'no one ought to do right for the sake of reward,' i gofarther and say, 'no man _can_ do right for the sake of reward.
a manmay do a thing indifferent, he may do a thing wrong, for the sake ofreward; but a thing in itself right, done for reward, would, in the verydoing, cease to be right.'
at the same time, if a man does right, hecannot escape being rewarded for it; and to refuse the reward, would beto refuse life, and foil the creative love.
the whole question is of thekind of reward expected.
what first reward for doing well, may i lookfor?
to grow purer in heart, and stronger in the hope of at lengthseeing god.
if a man be not after this fashion rewarded, he must perish.
as to happiness or any lower rewards that naturally follow the first--isgod to destroy the law of his universe, the divine sequence of cause andeffect in order to say: 'you must do well, but you shall gain no good byit; you must lead a dull joyless existence to all eternity, that lack ofdelight may show you pure'?
could love create with such end in view?
righteousness does not demand creation; it is love, not righteousness,that cannot live alone.
the creature must already be, ere righteousnesscan put in a claim.
but, hearts and souls there, love itself, whichcreated for love and joy, presses the demand of righteousness first.
a righteousness that created misery in order to up-hold itself, would bea righteousness that was unrighteous.
god will die for righteousness,but never create for a joyless righteousness.
to call into being thenecessarily and hopelessly incomplete, would be to wrong creation in itsvery essence.
to create for the knowledge of himself, and then not givehimself, would be injustice even to cruelty; and if god give himself,what other reward--there can be no _further_--is not included, seeing heis life and all her children--the all in all?
it will take the utmostjoy god can give, to let men know him; and what man, knowing him, wouldmind losing every other joy?
only what other joy could keep fromentering, where the god of joy already dwelt?
the law of the universeholds, and will hold, the name of the father be praised:--'whatsoever aman soweth, that shall he also reap.'
'they have sown the wind, and theyshall reap the whirlwind.'
'he that soweth to his flesh, shall of theflesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the spirit, shall of thespirit reap life everlasting.'
'whosoever hath, to him shall be given,and he shall have more abundance; but whosoever hath not, from him shallbe taken away even that he hath.'
to object to christianity as selfish, is utter foolishness; christianityalone gives any hope of deliverance from selfishness.
is it selfish todesire to love?
is it selfish to hope for purity and the sight of god?
what better can we do for our neighbour than to become altogetherrighteous toward him?
will he not be the nearer sharing in the exceedinggreat reward of a return to the divine idea?
where is the evil toward god, where the wrong to my neighbour, if ithink sometimes of the joys to follow in the train of perfect loving?
isnot the atmosphere of god, love itself, the very breath of the father,wherein can float no thinnest pollution of selfishness, the onlymaterial wherewithal to build the airy castles of heaven?
'creator,' thechildlike heart might cry, 'give me all the wages, all the reward thyperfect father-heart can give thy unmeriting child.
my fit wages may bepain, sorrow, humiliation of soul: i stretch out my hands to receivethem.
thy reward will be to lift me out of the mire of self-love, andbring me nearer to thyself and thy children: welcome, divinest of goodthings!
thy highest reward is thy purest gift; thou didst make me for itfrom the first; thou, the eternal life, hast been labouring still to fitme for receiving it--the vision, the knowledge, the possession ofthyself.
i can seek but what thou waitest and watchest to give: i wouldbe such into whom thy love can flow.'
it seems to me that the only merit that could live before god, is themerit of jesus--who of himself, at once, untaught, unimplored, laidhimself aside, and turned to the father, refusing his life save in thefather.
like god, of himself he chose righteousness, and so merited tosit on the throne of god.
in the same spirit he gave himself afterwardto his father's children, and merited the power to transfuse thelife-redeeming energy of his spirit into theirs: made perfect, he becamethe author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him.
but it is aword of little daring, that jesus had no thought of merit in what hedid--that he saw only what he had to be, what he must do.--i speak afterthe poor fashion of a man lost in what is too great for him, yet is hisvery life.--where can be a man's merit in refusing to go down to anabyss of loss--loss of the right to be, loss of his father, loss ofhimself?
would satan, with all the instincts and impulses of his originin him, have _merited_ eternal life by refusing to be a devil?
not theless would he have had eternal life; not the less would he have beenwrapt in the love and confidence of the father.
he would have had hisreward.
i cannot imagine thing created meriting aught save by divinecourtesy.
i suspect the notion of merit belongs to a low development, and thehigher a man rises, the less will he find it worth a thought.
perhaps weshall come to see that it owes what being it has, to man, that it is athing thinkable only by man.
i suspect it is not a thought of theeternal mind, and has in itself no existence, being to god merely athing thought by man.
for merit lives from man to man,    and not from man, o lord, to thee.
the man, then, who does right, and seeks no praise from men, while hemerits nothing, shall be rewarded by his father, and his reward will beright precious to him.
we must let our light shine, make our faith, our hope, our love,manifest--that men may praise, not us for shining, but the father forcreating the light.
no man with faith, hope, love, alive in his soul,could make the divine possessions a show to gain for himself theadmiration of men: not the less must they appear in our words, in ourlooks, in our carriage--above all, in honourable, unselfish, hospitable,helpful deeds.
our light must shine in cheerfulness, in joy, yea, wherea man has the gift, in merriment; in freedom from care save for oneanother, in interest in the things of others, in fearlessness andtenderness, in courtesy and graciousness.
in our anger and indignation,specially, must our light shine.
but we must give no quarter to the mostshadowy thought of how this or that will look.
from the faintestthought of the praise of men, we must turn away.
no man can be thedisciple of christ and desire fame.
to desire fame is ignoble; it is abeggarly greed.
in the noble mind, it is the more of an infirmity.
thereis no aspiration in it--nothing but ambition.
it is simply selfishnessthat would be proud if it could.
fame is the applause of the many, andthe judgment of the many is foolish; therefore the greater the fame, themore is the foolishness that swells it, and the worse is the foolishnessthat longs after it.
aspiration is the sole escape from ambition.
he whoaspires--that is, does his endeavour to rise above himself--neitherlusts to be higher than his neighbour, nor seeks to mount in hisopinion.
what light there is in him shines the more that he does nothingto be seen of men.
he stands in the mist between the gulf and the glory,and looks upward.
he loves not his own soul, but longs to be clean.
out of the gulf into the glory,      father, my soul cries out to be lifted.
dark is the woof of my dismal story,      thorough thy sun-warp stormily drifted!--    out of the gulf into the glory,    lift me, and save my story.
i have done many things merely shameful;      i am a man ashamed, my father!
my life is ashamed and broken and blameful--      the broken and blameful, oh, cleanse and gather!
heartily shame me, lord, of the shameful!
to my judge i flee with my blameful.
saviour, at peace in thy perfect purity,      think what it is, not to be pure!
strong in thy love's essential security,      think upon those who are never secure.
full fill my soul with the light of thy purity;    fold me in love's security.
o father, o brother, my heart is sore aching      help it to ache as much as is needful;    is it you cleansing me, mending, remaking,      dear potter-hands, so tender and heedful?
sick of my past, of my own self aching--    hurt on, dear hands, with your making.
proud of the form thou hadst given thy vessel,      proud of myself, i forgot my donor;    down in the dust i began to nestle,      poured thee no wine, and drank deep of dishonour!
lord, thou hast broken, thou mendest thy vessel!
in the dust of thy glory i nestle.
o lord, the earnest expectation of thy creature waiteth for themanifestation of the sons of god.
for the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for themanifestation of the sons of god.--_romans_ viii.
19.let us try, through these words, to get at the idea in st paul's mindfor which they stand, and have so long stood.
it can be no worthlessidea they represent--no mere platitude, which a man, failing tounderstand it at once, may without loss leave behind him.
the words meansomething which paul believes vitally associated with the life and deathof his master.
he had seen jesus with his bodily eyes, i think, but hehad not seen him with those alone; he had seen and saw him with the realeyes, the eyes that do not see except they understand; and the sight ofhim had uplifted his whole nature--first his pure will forrighteousness, and then his hoping imagination; and out of these, in theknowledge of jesus, he spoke.
the letters he has left behind him, written in the power of thisuplifting, have waked but poor ideas in poor minds; for words, if theyseem to mean anything, must always seem to mean something within thescope of the mind hearing them.
words cannot convey the thought of athinker to a no-thinker; of a largely aspiring and self-discontentedsoul, to a creature satisfied with his poverty, and counting his meagrefaculty the human standard.
neither will they readily reveal the mind ofone old in thought, to one who has but lately begun to think.
the higherthe reader's notion of what st paul intends--the higher the idea, thatis, which his words wake in him, the more likely is it to be the samewhich moved the man who had seen jesus, and was his own no more.
if aman err in his interpretation, it will hardly be by attributing to hiswords an intent too high.
first then, what does paul, the slave of christ, intend by 'thecreature' or 'the creation'?
if he means the _visible world_, he did notsurely, and without saying so, mean to exclude the noblest part ofit--the sentient!
if he did, it is doubly strange that he shouldimmediately attribute not merely sense, but conscious sense, to thatpart, the insentient, namely, which remained.
if you say he does so butby a figure of speech, i answer that a figure that meant less than itsaid--and how much less would not this?--would be one altogetherunworthy of the lord's messenger.
first, i repeat, to exclude the sentient from the term common to both inthe word _creation_ or _creature_--and then to attribute thecapabilities of the sentient to the insentient, as a mere figure toexpress the hopes of men with regard to the perfecting of the insentientfor the comfort of men, were a violence as unfit in rhetoric as in itsown nature.
take another part of the same utterance: 'for we know thatthe whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now:'is it not manifest that to interpret such words as referring to the mereimperfections of the insensate material world, would be to make of thephrase a worthless hyperbole?
i am inclined to believe the apostleregarded the whole visible creation as, in far differing degrees ofconsciousness, a live outcome from the heart of the living one, who isall and in all: such view, at the same time, i do not care to insistupon; i only care to argue that the word _creature_ or _creation_ mustinclude everything in creation that has sentient life.
that i should inthe class include a greater number of phenomena than a reader may beprepared to admit, will nowise affect the force of what i have to say,seeing my point is simply this: that in the term _creation_, paulcomprises all creatures capable of suffering; the condition of whichsentient, therefore superior portion, gives him occasion to speak ofthe whole creation as suffering in the process of its divine evolutionor development, groaning and travailing as in the pangs of giving birthto a better self, a nobler world.
it is not necessary to the idea thatthe creation should know what it is groaning after, or wherein thehigher condition constituting its deliverance must consist.
the humanrace groans for deliverance: how much does the race know that itsredemption lies in becoming one with the father, and partaking of hisglory?
here and there one of the race knows it--which is indeed a pledgefor the race--but the race cannot be said to know its own lack, or tohave even a far-off notion of what alone can stay its groaning.
in likemanner the whole creation is groaning after an unforeseen yet essentialbirth--groans with the necessity of being freed from a state that is buta transitional and not a true one, from a condition that nowise answersto the intent in which existence began.
in both the lower creation andthe higher, this same groaning of the fettered idea after a freer life,seems the first enforced decree of a holy fate, and itself the firstmovement of the hampered thing toward the liberty of another birth.
to believe that god made many of the lower creatures merely for prey, orto be the slaves of a slave, and writhe under the tyrannies of a cruelmaster who will not serve his own master; that he created and iscreating an endless succession of them to reap little or no good oflife but its cessation--a doctrine held by some, and practicallyaccepted by multitudes--is to believe in a god who, so far as oneportion at least of his creation is concerned, is a demon.
but acreative demon is an absurdity; and were such a creator possible, hewould not be god, but must one day be found and destroyed by the realgod.
not the less the fact remains, that miserable suffering aboundsamong them, and that, even supposing god did not foresee how creationwould turn out for them, the thing lies at his door.
he has besides madethem so far dumb that they cannot move the hearts of the oppressors intowhose hands he has given them, telling how hard they find the world, howsore their life in it.
the apostle takes up their case, and gives usmaterial for an answer to such as blame god for their sad condition.
there are many, i suspect, who from the eighth chapter of st paul'sepistle to the romans, gather this much and no more:--that the loweranimals alive at the coming of the lord, whensoever that may be, willthenceforward, with such as thereafter may come into existence, lead ahappy life for the time allotted them!
strong champions of god, theseprofound believers!
what lovers of life, what disciples of st paul, nay,what disciples of jesus, to whom such a gloss is consolation for themoans of a universe!
truly, the furnace of affliction they wouldextinguish thus, casts out the more an evil odour!
for all the creatureswho through ages of misery have groaned and travailed and died, to thesemild christians it is enough that they are dead, therefore, as theywould argue, out of it now!
'it is well with them,' i seem to hear suchsay; 'they are mercifully dealt with; their sufferings are over; theyhad not to live on for ever in oppression.
the god of their life hastaken from them their past, and troubles them with no future!'
it istrue this were no small consolation concerning such as are gone away!
surely rest is better than ceaseless toil and pain!
but what shall wesay of such a heedless god as those christians are content to worship!
is he a merciful god?
is he a loving god?
how shall he die to escape theremorse of the authorship of so much misery?
our pity turns from thedead creature to the live creator who could live and know himself themaker of so many extinguished hearts, whose friend was--not he, butdeath.
blessed be the name of the father of jesus, there is no suchcreator!
be we have not to do with the dead only; there are those which live andsuffer: is there no comfort concerning them, but that they too shall atlength die and leave their misery?
and what shall we say of thosecoming, and yet to come and pass--evermore issuing from the fountain oflife, daily born into evil things?
will the consolation that they willsoon die, suffice for the heart of the child who laments over his deadbird or rabbit, and would fain love that father in heaven who keeps onmaking the creatures?
alas, they are crowding in; they cannot helpthemselves; their misery is awaiting them!
would those christians haveme believe in a god who differentiates creatures from himself, only thatthey may be the prey of other creatures, or spend a few hours or years,helpless and lonely, speechless and without appeal, in merciless hands,then pass away into nothingness?
i will not; in the name of jesus, iwill not.
had he not known something better, would he have said what hedid about the father of men and the sparrows?
what many men call their beliefs, are but the prejudices they happen tohave picked up: why should such believers waste a thought as to howtheir paltry fellow-inhabitants of the planet fare?
many indeed have alltheir lives been too busy making their human fellows groan and sweat fortheir own fancied well-being, to spare a thought for the fate of the yetmore helpless.
but there are not a few, who would be indignant at havingtheir belief in god questioned, who yet seem greatly to fear imagininghim better than he is: whether is it he or themselves they dreadinjuring by expecting too much of him?
'you see the plain facts of thecase!'
'there is no questioning them!
what can be done for thepoor things--except indeed you take the absurd notion into your head,that they too have a life beyond the grave?'
why should such a notion seem to you absurd?
the teachers ofthe nation have unwittingly, it seems to me through unbelief, wrongedthe animals deeply by their silence anent the thoughtless popularpresumption that they have no hereafter; thus leaving them deprived of agreat advantage to their position among men.
but i suppose they too havetaken it for granted that the preserver of man and beast never had athought of keeping one beast alive beyond a certain time; in which caseheartless men might well argue he did not care how they wronged them,for he meant them no redress.
their immortality is no new faith with me,but as old as my childhood.
do you believe in immortality for yourself?
i would ask any reader whois not in sympathy with my hope for the animals.
if not, i have noargument with you.
but if you do, why not believe in it for them?
verily, were immortality no greater a thing for the animals than itseems for men to some who yet profess to expect it, i should scarce careto insist upon their share in it.
but if the thought be anywise preciousto you, is it essential to your enjoyment in it, that nothing less thanyourself should share its realization?
are you the lowest kind ofcreature that _could_ be permitted to live?
had god been of like heartwith you, would he have given life and immortality to creatures so muchless than himself as we?
are these not worth making immortal?
how, then,were they worth calling out of the depth of no-being?
it is a greaterdeed, to make be that which was not, than to seal it with an infiniteimmortality: did god do that which was not worth doing?
what he thoughtworth making, you think not worth continuing made!
you would have him goon for ever creating new things with one hand, and annihilating those hehad made with the other--for i presume you would not prefer the earth tobe without animals!
if it were harder for god to make the former go onliving, than to send forth new, then his creatures were no better thanthe toys which a child makes, and destroys as he makes them.
for whatgood, for what divine purpose is the maker of the sparrow present at itsdeath, if he does not care what becomes of it?
what is he there for, irepeat, if he have no care that it go well with his bird in its dying,that it be neither comfortless nor lost in the abyss?
if his presence beno good to the sparrow, are you very sure what good it will be to youwhen your hour comes?
believe it is not by a little only that the heartof the universe is tenderer, more loving, more just and fair, than yoursor mine.
if you did not believe you were yourself to out-live death, i could notblame you for thinking all was over with the sparrow; but to believe inimmortality for yourself, and not care to believe in it for the sparrow,would be simply hard-hearted and selfish.
if it would make you happy tothink there was life beyond death for the sparrow as well as foryourself, i would gladly help you at least to hope that there may be.
i know of no reason why i should not look for the animals to rise again,in the same sense in which i hope myself to rise again--which is, toreappear, clothed with another and better form of life than before.
ifthe father will raise his children, why should he not also raise thosewhom he has taught his little ones to love?
love is the one bond of theuniverse, the heart of god, the life of his children: if animals can beloved, they are loveable; if they can love, they are yet more plainlyloveable: love is eternal; how then should its object perish?
must thevery immortality of love divide the bond of love?
must the love live onfor ever without its object?
or worse still, must the love die with itsobject, and be eternal no more than it?
what a mis-invented correlationin which the one side was eternal, the other, where not yet annihilated,constantly perishing!
is not our love to the animals a precious varietyof love?
and if god gave the creatures to us, that a new phase of lovemight be born in us toward another kind of life from the same fountain,why should the new life be more perishing than the new love?
can youimagine that, if, here-after, one of god's little ones were to ask himto give again one of the earth's old loves--kitten, or pony, orsquirrel, or dog, which he had taken from him, the father would say no?
if the thing was so good that god made it for and gave it to the childat first who never asked for it, why should he not give it again to thechild who prays for it because the father had made him love it?
what achild may ask for, the father will keep ready.
that there are difficulties in the way of believing thus, i grant; thatthere are impossibilities, i deny.
perhaps the first difficulty thatoccurs is, the many forms of life which we cannot desire again to see.
but while we would gladly keep the perfected forms of the higheranimals, we may hope that those of many other kinds are as transitory astheir bodies, belonging but to a stage of development.
all animal formstend to higher: why should not the individual, as well as the race, passthrough stages of ascent.
if i have myself gone through each of thetypical forms of lower life on my way to the human--a supposition byantenatal history rendered probable--and therefore may have passedthrough any number of individual forms of life, i do not see why each ofthe lower animals should not as well pass upward through a succession ofbettering embodiments.
i grant that the theory requires another tocomplement it; namely, that those men and women, who do not evenapproximately fulfil the conditions of their elevated rank, who will notendeavour after the great human-divine idea, striving to ascend, aresent away back down to that stage of development, say of fish or insector reptile, beyond which their moral nature has refused to advance.
whohas not seen or known men who _appeared_ not to have passed, or indeedin some things to have approached the development of the more human ofthe lower animals!
let those take care who look contemptuously upon theanimals, lest, in misusing one of them, they misuse some ancestor oftheir own, sent back, as the one mercy for him, to reassume far pastforms and conditions--far past in physical, that is, but not in moraldevelopment--and so have another opportunity of passing theself-constituted barrier.
the suggestion may appear very ridiculous, andno doubt lends itself to humorous comment; but what if it should betrue!
what if the amused reader should himself be getting ready tofollow the remanded ancestor!
upon it, however, i do not care to spendthought or time, least of all argument; what i care to press is thequestion--if we believe in the progress of creation as hithertomanifested, also in the marvellous changes of form that take place inevery individual of certain classes, why should there be any difficultyin hoping that old lives may reappear in new forms?
the typical soulreappears in higher formal type; why may not also the individual soulreappear in higher form?
multitudes evidently count it safest to hold by a dull scheme of things:can it be because, like david in browning's poem _saul_, they dread lestthey should worst the giver by inventing better gifts than his?
that wedo not know, is the best reason for hoping to the full extent god hasmade possible to us.
if then we go wrong, it will be in the direction ofthe right, and with such aberration as will be easier to correct thanwhat must come of refusing to imagine, and leaving the dullesttraditional prepossessions to rule our hearts and minds, with no claimbut the poverty of their expectation from the paternal riches.
thosethat hope little cannot grow much.
to them the very glory of god must bea small thing, for their hope of it is so small as not to be worthrejoicing in.
that he is a faithful creator means nothing to them forfar the larger portion of the creatures he has made!
truly their notionof faithfulness is poor enough; how then can their faith be strong!
inthe very nature of divine things, the common-place must be false.
thestupid, self-satisfied soul, which cannot know its own stupidity, andwill not trouble itself either to understand or to imagine, is thefarthest behind of all the backward children in god's nursery.
as i say, then, i know no cause of reasonable difficulty in regard tothe continued existence of the lower animals, except the present natureof some of them.
but what christian will dare to say that god does notcare about them?--and he knows them as we cannot know them.
great orsmall, they are his.
great are all his results; small are all hisbeginnings.
that we have to send many of his creatures out of this phaseof their life because of their hurtfulness in this phase of ours, is tome no stumbling-block.
the very fact that this has always had to bedone, the long protracted combat of the race with such, and theconstantly repeated though not invariable victory of the man, has had anessential and incalculable share in the development of humanity, whichis the rendering of man capable of knowing god; and when their part tothat end is no longer necessary, changed conditions may speedily sooperate that the wolf shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard liedown with the kid.
the difficulty may go for nothing in view of theforces of that future with which this loving speculation concernsitself.
i would now lead my companion a little closer to what the apostle saysin the nineteenth verse; to come closer, if we may, to the idea thatburned in his heart when he wrote what we call the eighth chapter of hisepistle to the romans.
oh, how far ahead he seems, in his hope for thecreation, of the footsore and halting brigade of christians at presentcrossing the world!
he knew christ, and could therefore look into thewill of the father.
_for the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for themanifestation of the sons of god_!
at the head of one of his poems, henry vaughan has this latintranslation of the verse: i do not know whether he found or made it, butit is closer to its sense than ours:--'etenim res creatae exerto capite observantes expectant revelationemfiliorum dei.'
--'for the things created, watching with head thrust out,await the revelation of the sons of god.'
because god has subjected the creation to vanity, in the hope that thecreation itself shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption intothe glorious liberty of the children of god.
for this doubledeliverance--from corruption and the consequent subjection to vanity,the creation is eagerly watching.
the bondage of corruption god encounters and counteracts by subjectionto vanity.
corruption is the breaking up of the essential idea; thefalling away from the original indwelling and life-causing thought.
itis met by the suffering which itself causes.
that suffering is forredemption, for deliverance.
it is the life in the corrupting thing thatmakes the suffering possible; it is the live part, not the corruptedpart that suffers; it is the redeemable, not the doomed thing, that issubjected to vanity.
the race in which evil--that is, corruption, is atwork, needs, as the one means for its rescue, subjection to vanity; itis the one hope against the supremacy of corruption; and the wholeencircling, harboring, and helping creation must, for the sake of man,its head, and for its own further sake too, share in this subjection tovanity with its hope of deliverance.
corruption brings in vanity, causes empty aching gaps in vitality.
thisaching is what most people regard as evil: it is the unpleasant cure ofevil.
it takes all shapes of suffering--of the body, of the mind, of theheart, of the spirit.
it is altogether beneficent: without this everinvading vanity, what hope would there be for the rich and powerful,accustomed to, and set upon their own way?
what hope for theself-indulgent, the conceited, the greedy, the miserly?
the more thingsmen seek, the more varied the things they imagine they need, the moreare they subject to vanity--all the forms of which may be summed in theword disappointment.
he who would not house with disappointment, mustseek the incorruptible, the true.
he must break the bondage of havingsand shows; of rumours, and praises, and pretences, and selfishpleasures.
he must come out of the false into the real; out of thedarkness into the light; out of the bondage of corruption into theglorious liberty of the children of god.
to bring men to break withcorruption, the gulf of the inane yawns before them.
aghast in soul,they cry, 'vanity of vanities!
all is vanity!'
and beyond the abyssbegin to espy the eternal world of truth.
note now 'the hope that the creation itself also,' as something besidesand other than god's men and women, 'shall be delivered from the bondageof corruption, into the liberty of the glory of the children of god.'
the creation then is to share in the deliverance and liberty and gloryof the children of god.
deliverance from corruption, liberty frombondage, must include escape from the very home and goal of corruption,namely death,--and that in all its kinds and degrees.
when you say thenthat for the children of god there is no more death, remember that thedeliverance of the creature is from the bondage of corruption into theglorious liberty of the children of god.
dead, in bondage tocorruption, how can they share in the liberty of the children of life?
where is their deliverance?
if such then be the words of the apostle, does he, or does he not, iask, hold the idea of the immortality of the animals?
if you say all hemeans is, that the creatures alive at the coming of the lord will be setfree from the tyranny of corrupt man, i refer you to what i have alreadysaid of the poverty of such an interpretation, accepting the failure ofjustice and love toward those that have passed away, are passing, andmust yet, ere that coming, be born to pass away for ever.
for the manwhose heart aches to adore a faithful creator, what comfort lies in suchgood news!
he must perish for lack of a true god!
oh lame conclusion tothe grand prophecy!
is god a mocker, who will not be mocked?
is there apast to god with which he has done?
is time too much for him?
is he godenough to care for those that happen to live at one present time, butnot god enough to care for those that happened to live at anotherpresent time?
or did he care for them, but could not help them?
shall wenot rather believe that the vessels of less honour, the misused, themaltreated, shall be filled full with creative wine at last?
shall notthe children have little dogs under the father's table, to which to letfall plenty of crumbs?
if there was such provision for the sparrows ofour lord's time of sojourn, and he will bring yet better with him whenhe comes again, how should the dead sparrows and their sorrows be passedover of him with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning?
orwould the deliverance of the creatures into the groaned-for liberty havebeen much worth mentioning, if within a few years their share in theglory of the sons of god was to die away in death?
but the gifts of godare without repentance.
how st paul longs for and loves liberty!
only true lover of liberty ishe, who will die to give it to his neighbour!
st paul loved liberty morethan his own liberty.
but then see how different his notion of theliberty on its way to the children of god, from the dull modern fanciesof heaven still set forth in the popular hymn-books!
the new heaven andthe new earth will at least be a heaven and an earth!
what would thenewest earth be to the old children without its animals?
barer than theheavens emptied of the constellations that are called by their names.
then, if the earth must have its animals, why not the old ones, alreadydear?
the sons of god are not a new race of sons of god, but the oldrace glorified:--why a new race of animals, and not the old onesglorified?
the apostle says they are to share in the liberty of the sons of god:will it not then be a liberty like ours, a liberty always ready to beoffered on the altar of love?
what sweet service will not that of theanimals be, thus offered!
how sweet also to minister to them in theirturns of need!
for to us doubtless will they then flee for help in anydifficulty, as now they flee from us in dread of our tyranny.
whatlovelier feature in the newness of the new earth, than the old animalsglorified with us, in their home with us--our common home, the house ofour father--each kind an unfailing pleasure to the other!
ah, what dogs!
ah, what wild beasts, and what birds in the air!
the whole redeemed creation goes to make up st paul's heaven.
he hadlearned of him who would leave no one out; who made the excuse for hismurderers that they did not know what they were doing.
is not the prophecy on the groaning creation to have its fulfilment inthe new heavens and the new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness?
doesnot this involve its existence beyond what we call this world?
whyshould it not then involve immortality?
would it not be more like theking eternal, immortal, invisible, to know no life but the immortal?
tocreate nothing that could die; to slay nothing but evil?
'for he is nota god of the dead, but of the living; for all live unto him.'
but what is this liberty of the children of god, for which the wholecreation is waiting?
the children themselves are waiting for it: whenthey have it, then will their house and retinue, the creation, whosefate hangs on that of the children, share it with them: what is thisliberty?
all liberty must of course consist in the realization of the idealharmony between the creative will and the created life; in thecorrespondence of the creature's active being to the creator's idea,which is his substantial soul.
in other words the creature's liberty iswhat his obedience to the law of his existence, the will of his maker,effects for him.
the instant a soul moves counter to the will of itsprime cause, the universe is its prison; it dashes against the walls ofit, and the sweetest of its uplifting and sustaining forces at oncebecome its manacles and fetters.
but st paul is not at the momentthinking either of the metaphysical notion of liberty, or of itsreligious realization; he has in his thought the birth of the soul'sconsciousness of freedom.
'and not only so'--that the creation groaneth and travaileth--'butourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even weourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for.... the redemption of ourbody.'
--we are not free, he implies, until our body is redeemed; thenall the creation will be free with us.
he regards the creation as partof our embodiment.
the whole creation is waiting for the manifestationof the sons of god--that is, the redemption of their body, the idea ofwhich extends to their whole material envelopment, with all the lifethat belongs to it.
for this as for them, the bonds of corruption mustfall away; it must enter into the same liberty with them, and be thatfor which it was created--a vital temple, perfected by the unbrokenindwelling of its divinity.
the liberty here intended, it may be unnecessary to say, is not thatessential liberty--freedom from sin, but the completing of theredemption of the spirit by the redemption of the body, the perfectingof the greater by its necessary complement of the less.
evil has beenconstantly at work, turning our house of the body into a prison;rendering it more opaque and heavy and insensible; casting about itbands and cerements, and filling it with aches and pains.
the freestsoul, the purest of lovers, the man most incapable of anything mean,would not, for all his mighty liberty, yet feel absolutely at largewhile chained to a dying body--nor the less hampered, but the more, thatthat dying body was his own.
the redemption of the body, therefore, themaking of it for the man a genuine, perfected, responsive house-alive,is essential to the apostle's notion of a man's deliverance.
the new manmust have a new body with a new heaven and earth.
st paul never thinksof himself as released from body; he desires a perfect one, and of anobler sort; he would inhabit a heaven-made house, and give up theearth-made one, suitable only to this lower stage of life, infected andunsafe from the first, and now much dilapidated in the service of themaster who could so easily give him a better.
he wants a spiritualbody--a body that will not thwart but second the needs and aspirationsof the spirit.
he had in his mind, i presume, such a body as the lorddied with, changed by the interpenetrating of the creative indwellingwill, to a heavenly body, the body with which he rose.
a body like thelord's is, i imagine, necessary to bring us into true and perfectcontact with the creation, of which there must be multitudinous phaseswhereof we cannot now be even aware.
the way in which both good and indifferent people alike lay the blame ontheir bodies, and look to death rather than god-aided struggle to setthem at liberty, appears to me low and cowardly: it is the masterfleeing from the slave, despising at once and fearing him.
we must holdthe supremacy over our bodies, but we must not despise body; it is adivine thing.
body and soul are in the image of god; and the lord oflife was last seen in the glorified body of his death.
i believe that hestill wears that body.
but we shall do better without these bodies thatsuffer and grow old--which may indeed, as some think, be but the outercases, the husks of our real bodies.
endlessly helpful as they have beento us, and that, in a measure incalculable, through their verysubjection to vanity, we are yet surely not in altogether and onlyhelpful company, so long as the houses wherein we live have so manyspots and stains in them which friendly death, it may be, can alone washout--so many weather-eaten and self-engendered sores which the builder'shand, pulling down and rebuilding of fresh and nobler material, alonecan banish.
when the sons, then, are free, when their bodies are redeemed, they willlift up with them the lower creation into their liberty.
st paul seemsto believe that perfection in their kind awaits also the humblerinhabitants of our world, its advent to follow immediately on themanifestation of the sons of god: for our sakes and their own they havebeen made subject to vanity; for our sakes and their own they shall berestored and glorified, that is, raised higher with us.
has the question no interest for you?
it would have much, had you nowwhat you must one day have--a heart big enough to love any life god hasthought fit to create.
had the lord cared no more for what of hisfather's was lower than himself, than you do for what of your father'sis lower than you, you would not now be looking for any sort ofredemption.
i have omitted in my quotations the word _adoption_ used in both englishversions: it is no translation of the greek word for which it stands.
itis used by st paul as meaning the same thing with the phrase, 'theredemption of the body'--a fact to bring the interpretation given it atonce into question.
falser translation, if we look at the importance ofthe thing signified, and its utter loss in the word used to representit, not to mention the substitution for that of the apostle, of an ideanot only untrue but actively mischievous, was never made.
the thing stpaul means in the word he uses, has simply nothing to do withadoption--nothing whatever.
in the beginning of the fourth chapter ofhis epistle to the galatians, he makes perfectly clear what he intendsby it.
his unusual word means the father's recognition, when he comes ofage, of the child's relation to him, by giving him his fitting place ofdignity in the house; and here the deliverance of the body is the act ofthis recognition by the great father, completing and crowning anddeclaring the freedom of the man, the perfecting of the last lingeringremnant of his deliverance.
st paul's word, i repeat, has nothing to dowith _adoption_; it means the manifestation of the grown-up sons of god;the showing of those as sons, who have always been his children; thebringing of them out before the universe in such suitable attire andwith such fit attendance, that to look at them is to see what they are,the sons of the house--such to whom their elder brother applied thewords: 'i said ye are gods.'
if then the sons groan within themselves, looking to be lifted up, andthe other inhabitants of the same world groan with them and cry, shallthey not also be lifted up?
have they not also a faithful creator?
hemust be a selfish man indeed who does not desire that it should be so.
it appears then, that, in the expectation of the apostle, the newheavens and the new earth in which dwell the sons of god, are to beinhabited by blessed animals also--inferior, but risen--and i think, yetto rise in continuous development.
here let me revert a moment, and say a little more clearly and stronglya thing i have already said:--when the apostle speaks of the whole creation, is it possible he shouldhave dismissed the animals from his thoughts, to regard the trees andflowers bearing their part in the groaning and travailing of the soreburdened world?
or could he, animals and trees and flowers forgotten,have intended by the creation that groaned and travailed, only the bulkof the earth, its mountains and valleys, plains and seas and rivers, itsagglomeration of hard and soft, of hot and cold, of moist and dry?
ifhe could, then the portion that least can be supposed to feel or know,is regarded by the apostle of love as immeasurably more important thanthe portion that loves and moans and cries.
nor is this all; forthereupon he attributes the suffering-faculty of the excluded, far moresentient portion at least, to the altogether inferior and less sentient,and upon the ground of that faculty builds the vision of its redemption!
if it could be so, then how should the seeming apostle's affectedrhapsody of hope be to us other than a mere puff-ball of falsestrhetoric, a special-pleading for nothing, as degrading to art asobjectless in nature?
much would i like to know clearly what animals the apostle saw on histravels, or around his home when he had one--their conditions, and theirrelations to their superiors.
anyhow they were often sufferingcreatures; and paul was a man growing hourly in likeness to his makerand theirs, therefore overflowing with sympathy.
perhaps as he wrote,there passed through his mind a throb of pity for the beasts he had tokill at ephesus.
if the lord said very little about animals, could he have done more forthem than tell men that his father cared for them?
he has therebywakened and is wakening in the hearts of men a seed his father planted.
it grows but slowly, yet has already borne a little precious fruit.
hisloving friend st francis has helped him, and many others have tried,and are now trying to help him: whoever sows the seed of that seed thefather planted is helping the son.
our behaviour to the animals, ourwords concerning them, are seed, either good or bad, in the hearts ofour children.
no one can tell to what the animals might not grow, evenhere on the old earth under the old heaven, if they were but dealt withaccording to their true position in regard to us.
they are, in sensevery real and divine, our kindred.
if i call them our poor relations, itis to suggest that poor relations are often ill used.
relatives, poor orrich, may be such ill behaved, self-assertive, disagreeable persons,that we cannot treat them as we gladly would; but our endeavour shouldbe to develop every true relation.
he who is prejudiced against arelative because he is poor, is himself an ill-bred relative, and to beill-bred is an excluding fault with the court of the high countries.
there, poverty is welcome, vulgarity inadmissible.
those who love certain animals selfishly, pampering them, as so manymothers do their children with worse results, that they may be loved ofthem in return, betray them to their enemies.
they are not lovers ofanimals, but only of favourites, and do their part to make the rest ofthe world dislike animals.
theirs are the dogs that inhospitably growland bark and snap, moving the indifferent to dislike, and confirmingthe unfriendly in their antagonism.
any dog-parliament, met in theinterests of their kind, would condemn such dogs to be discreetlybitten, and their mistresses to be avoided.
and certainly, if animalsare intended to live and grow, she is the enemy of any individualanimal, who stunts his moral and intellectual development by unwiseindulgence.
of whatever nature be the heaven of the animals, that animalis not in the fair way to enter it.
the education of the lower lies atthe door of the higher, and in true education is truest kindness.
but what shall i say of such as for any kind of end subject animals totorture?
i dare hardly trust myself to the expression of my judgment oftheir conduct in this regard.
'we are investigators; we are not doing it for our own sakes, but forthe sake of others, our fellow-men.'
the higher your motive for it, the greater is the blame of yourunrighteousness.
must we congratulate you on such a love for yourfellows as inspires you to wrong the weaker than they, those that arewithout helper against you?
shall we count the man worthy who, for thesake of his friend, robbed another man too feeble to protect himself,and too poor to punish his assailant?
for the sake of your children,would you waylay a beggar?
no real good can grow in the soil ofinjustice.
i cannot help suspecting, however, that the desire to know has a greatershare in the enormity than the desire to help.
alas for the science thatwill sacrifice the law of righteousness but to behold a law of sequence!
the tree of knowledge will never prove to man the tree of life.
there isno law says, thou shalt know; a thousand laws cry out, thou shalt doright.
these men are a law unto themselves--and what a law!
it is theold story: the greed of knowing casts out righteousness, and mercy, andfaith.
whatever believed a benefit may or may not thus be wrought forhigher creatures, the injustice to the lower is nowise affected.
justicehas no respect of persons, but they are surely the weaker that standmore in need of justice!
labour is a law of the universe, and is not an evil.
death is a law ofthis world at least, and is not an evil.
torture is the law of no worldbut the hell of human invention.
labour and death are for the best goodof those that labour and die; they are laws of life.
torture isdoubtless over-ruled for the good of the tortured, but it will one dayburn a very hell in the hearts of the torturers.
torture can be inflicted only by the superior.
the divine idea of asuperior, is one who requires duty, and protects, helps, delivers: ourrelation to the animals is that of their superiors in the family, whorequire labour, it may be, but are just, helpful, protective.
can theyknow anything of the father who neither love nor rule their inferiors,but use them as a child his insensate toys, pulling them to pieces toknow what is inside them?
such men, so-called of science--let them havethe dignity to the fullness of its worth--lust to know as if a man'slife lay in knowing, as if it were a vile thing to be ignorant--so vilethat, for the sake of his secret hoard of facts, they do right inbreaking with torture into the house of the innocent!
surely they shallnot thus find the way of understanding!
surely there is a maniac thirstfor knowledge, as a maniac thirst for wine or for blood!
he who lovesknowledge the most genuinely, will with the most patience wait for ituntil it can be had righteously.
need i argue the injustice?
can a sentient creature come forth withoutrights, without claim to well-being, or to consideration from the othercreatures whom they find, equally without action of their own, presentin space?
if one answer, 'for aught i know, it may be so,'--where thenare thy own rights?
if another have none, thine must lie in thysuperior power; and will there not one day come a stronger than thou?
mayst thou not one day be in naboth's place, with an ahab getting up togo into thy vineyard to possess it?
the rich man may come prowlingafter thy little ewe lamb, and what wilt thou have to say?
he may be thestronger, and thou the weaker!
that the rights of the animals are somuch less than ours, does not surely argue them the less rights!
theyhave little, and we have much; ought they therefore to have less and wemore?
must we not rather be the more honourably anxious that they havetheir little to the full.
every gain of injustice is a loss to theworld; for life consists neither in length of days nor in ease of body.
greed of life and wrong done to secure it, will never work anything butdirest loss.
as to knowledge, let justice guide thy search and thou wiltknow the sooner.
do the will of god, and thou shalt know god, and hewill open thine eyes to look into the very heart of knowledge.
force thyviolent way, and gain knowledge, to miss truth.
thou mayest wound theheart of god, but thou canst not rend it asunder to find the truth thatsits there enthroned.
what man would he be who accepted the offer to be healed and kept aliveby means which necessitated the torture of certain animals?
would hefeel himself a gentleman--walking the earth with the sense that his lifeand conscious well-being were informed and upheld by the agonies ofother lives?
'i hope, sir, your health is better than it has been?'
'thank you, i am wonderfully restored--have entered in truth upon afresh lease of life.
my organism has been nourished with the agonies ofseveral dogs, and the pangs of a multitude of rabbits and guinea-pigs,and i am aware of a marvellous change for the better.
they gave me theirlives, and i gave them in return worse pains than mine.
the bargain hasproved a quite satisfactory one!
true, their lives were theirs, notmine; but then their sufferings were theirs, not mine!
they could notdefend themselves; they had not a word to say, so reasonable was theexchange.
they were neither so wise, nor so strong, nor suchlovers of comfort as i!
if they could not take care of themselves, thatwas their look-out, not mine!
every animal for himself!'
there was a certain patriotic priest who thought it better to put a justman to death than that a whole nation should perish.
precious salvationthat might be wrought by injustice!
but then the just man taught thatthe rich man and the beggar must one day change places.
'to set the life of a dog against the life of a human being!'
no, but the torture of a dog against the prolonged life of a beingcapable of torturing him.
priceless gain, the lengthening of such alife, to the man and his friends and his country!
that the animals do not suffer so much as we should under likeinflictions, i hope true, and think true.
but is toothache nothing,because there are yet worse pains for head and face?
not a few who now regard themselves as benefactors of mankind, will oneday be looked upon with a disapprobation which no argument will nowconvince them they deserve.
but yet another day is coming, when theywill themselves right sorrowfully pour out disapprobation upon their owndeeds; for they are not stones but men, and must repent.
let them, inthe interests of humanity, give their own entrails to the knife, theirown silver cord to be laid bare, their own golden bowl to be watchedthrobbing, and i will worship at their feet.
but shall i admire theirdiscoveries at the expense of the stranger--nay, no stranger--the poorbrother within their gates?
your conscience does not trouble you?
take heed that the light that isin you be not darkness.
whatever judgment mean, will it suffice you inthat hour to say, 'my burning desire to know how life wrought in him,drove me through the gates and bars of his living house'?
i doubt if youwill add, in your heart any more than with your tongue, 'and i didwell.'
to those who expect a world to come, i say then, let us take heed howwe carry ourselves to the creation which is to occupy with us the worldto come.
to those whose hearts are sore for that creation, i say, the lord ismindful of his own, and will save both man and beast.
