Joseph Conrad

Initiations

"Ships!" exclaimed an elderly seaman in clean shore togs. "Ships" – and his
keen glance, turning away from my face, ran along the vista of magnificent
figure-heads that in the late seventies used to overhang in a serried rank the
muddy pavement by the side of the New South Dock – "ships are all right; it's
the men in 'em..."

Fifty hulls, at least, moulded on lines of beauty and speed – hulls of wood, of
iron, expressing in their forms the highest achievement of modern
ship-building – lay moored all in a row, stem to quay, as if assembled there
for an exhibition, not of a great industry, but of a great art. Their colours
were gray, black, dark green, with a narrow strip of yellow moulding defining
their sheer, or with a row of painted ports decking in warlike decoration their
robust flanks of cargo-carriers that would know no triumph but of speed in
carrying a burden, no glory other than of a long service, no victory but that
of an endless, obscure contest with the sea. The great empty hulls with swept
holds, just out of dry-dock, with their paint glistening freshly, sat
high-sided with ponderous dignity alongside the wooden jetties, looking more
like unmovable buildings than things meant to go afloat; others, half loaded,
far on the way to recover the true sea-physiognomy of a ship brought down to
her load-line, looked more accessible. Their less steeply slanting gangways
seemed to invite the strolling sailors in search of a berth to walk on board
and try "for a chance" with the chief mate, the guardian of a ship's
efficiency. As if anxious to remain unperceived amongst their overtopping
sisters, two or three "finished" ships floated low, with an air of straining at
the leash of their level headfasts, exposing to view their cleared decks and
covered hatches, prepared to drop stern first out of the labouring ranks,
displaying the true comeliness of form which only her proper sea-trim gives to
a ship. And for a good quarter of a mile, from the dockyard gate to the
farthest corner, where the old housed-in hulk, the President (drill-ship, then,
of the Naval Reserve), used to lie with her frigate side rubbing against the
stone of the quay, above all these hulls, ready and unready, a hundred and
fifty lofty masts, more or less, held out the web of their rigging like an
immense net, in whose close mesh, black against the sky, the heavy yards seemed
to be entangled and suspended.

It was a sight. The humblest craft that floats makes its appeal to a seaman by
the faithfulness of her life; and this was the place where one beheld the
aristocracy of ships. It was a noble gathering of the fairest and the swiftest,
each bearing at the bow the carved emblem of her name, as in a gallery of
plaster-casts, figures of women with mural crowns, women with flowing robes,
with gold fillets on their hair or blue scarves round their waists, stretching
out rounded arms as if to point the way; heads of men helmeted or bare; full
lengths of warriors, of kings, of statesmen, of lords and princesses, all white
from top to toe; with here and there a dusky turbaned figure, bedizened in many
colours, of some Eastern sultan or hero, all inclined forward under the slant
of mighty bowsprits as if eager to begin another run of 11,000 miles in their
leaning attitudes. These were the fine figure-heads of the finest ships afloat.
But why, unless for the love of the life those effigies shared with us in their
wandering impassivity, should one try to reproduce in words an impression of
whose fidelity there can be no critic and no judge, since such an exhibition of
the art of shipbuilding and the art of figure-head carving as was seen from
year's end to year's end in the open-air gallery of the New South Dock no man's
eye shall behold again? All that patient, pale company of queens and
princesses, of kings and warriors, of allegorical women, of heroines and
statesmen and heathen gods, crowned, helmeted, bare-headed, has run for good
off the sea stretching to the last above the tumbling foam their fair, rounded
arms; holding out their spears, swords, shields, tridents in the same
unwearied, striving forward pose. And nothing remains but lingering perhaps in
the memory of a few men, the sound of their names, vanished a long time ago
from the first page of the great London dailies; from big posters in
railway-stations and the doors of shipping offices; from the minds of sailors,
dockmasters, pilots, and tugmen; from the hail of gruff voices and the flutter
of signal flags exchanged between ships closing upon each other and drawing
apart in the open immensity of the sea.

The elderly, respectable seaman, withdrawing his gaze from that multitude of
spars, gave me a glance to make sure of our fellowship in the craft and mystery
of the sea. We had met casually, and had got into contact as I had stopped near
him, my attention being caught by the same peculiarity he was looking at in the
rigging of an obviously new ship, a ship with her reputation all to make yet in
the talk of the seamen who were to share their life with her. Her name was
already on their lips. I had heard it uttered between two thick, red-necked
fellows of the semi-nautical type at the Fenchurch Street Railway-station,
where, in those days, the everyday male crowd was attired in jerseys and
pilot-cloth mostly, and had the air of being more conversant with the times of
high- water than with the times of the trains. I had noticed that new ship's
name on the first page of my morning paper. I had stared at the unfamiliar
grouping of its letters, blue on white ground, on the advertisement-boards,
whenever the train came to a standstill alongside one of the shabby, wooden,
wharf-like platforms of the dock railway-line. She had been named, with proper
observances, on the day she came off the stocks, no doubt, but she was very far
yet from "having a name." Untried, ignorant of the ways of the sea, she had
been thrust amongst that renowned company of ships to load for her maiden
voyage. There was nothing to vouch for her soundness and the worth of her
character, but the reputation of the building-yard whence she was launched
headlong into the world of waters. She looked modest to me. I imagined her
diffident, lying very quiet, with her side nestling shyly against the wharf to
which she was made fast with very new lines, intimidated by the company of her
tried and experienced sisters already familiar with all the violences of the
ocean and the exacting love of men. They had had more long voyages to make
their names in than she had known weeks of carefully tended life, for a new
ship receives as much attention as if she were a young bride. Even crabbed old
dock-masters look at her with benevolent eyes. In her shyness at the threshold
of a laborious and uncertain life, where so much is expected of a ship, she
could not have been better heartened and comforted, had she only been able to
hear and understand, than by the tone of deep conviction in which my elderly,
respectable seaman repeated the first part of his saying, "Ships are all right
..."

His civility prevented him from repeating the other, the bitter part. It had
occurred to him that it was perhaps indelicate to insist. He had recognised in
me a ship's officer, very possibly looking for a berth like himself, and so far
a comrade, but still a man belonging to that sparsely-peopled after-end of a
ship, where a great part of her reputation as a "good ship," in seaman's
parlance, is made or marred.

"Can you say that of all ships without exception?" I asked, being in an idle
mood, because, if an obvious ship's officer, I was not, as a matter of fact,
down at the docks to "look for a berth," an occupation as engrossing as
gambling, and as little favourable to the free exchange of ideas, besides being
destructive of the kindly temper needed for casual intercourse with one's
fellow-creatures.

"You can always put up with 'em," opined the respectable seaman judicially.

He was not averse from talking, either. If he had come down to the dock to look
for a berth, he did not seem oppressed by anxiety as to his chances. He had the
serenity of a man whose estimable character is fortunately expressed by his
personal appearance in an unobtrusive, yet convincing, manner which no chief
officer in want of hands could resist. And, true enough, I learned presently
that the mate of the Hyperion had "taken down" his name for quarter- master.

"We sign on Friday, and join next day for the morning tide," he remarked, in a
deliberate, careless tone, which contrasted strongly with his evident readiness
to stand there yarning for an hour or so with an utter stranger.

"Hyperion," I said. "I don't remember ever seeing that ship anywhere. What sort
of a name has she got?"

It appeared from his discursive answer that she had not much of a name one way
or another. She was not very fast. It took no fool, though, to steer her
straight, he believed. Some years ago he had seen her in Calcutta, and he
remembered being told by somebody then, that on her passage up the river she
had carried away both her hawse-pipes. But that might have been the pilot's
fault. Just now, yarning with the apprentices on board, he had heard that this
very voyage, brought up in the Downs, outward bound, she broke her sheer,
struck adrift, and lost an anchor and chain. But that might have occurred
through want of careful tending in a tideway. All the same, this looked as
though she were pretty hard on her ground- tackle. Didn't it? She seemed a
heavy ship to handle, anyway. For the rest, as she had a new captain and a new
mate this voyage, he understood, one couldn't say how she would turn out. ...

In such marine shore-talk as this is the name of a ship slowly established, her
fame made for her, the tale of her qualities and of her defects kept, her
idiosyncrasies commented upon with the zest of personal gossip, her
achievements made much of, her faults glossed over as things that, being
without remedy in our imperfect world, should not be dwelt upon too much by men
who, with the help of ships, wrest out a bitter living from the rough grasp of
the sea. All that talk makes up her "name," which is handed over from one crew
to another without bitterness, without animosity, with the indulgence of mutual
dependence, and with the feeling of close association in the exercise of her
perfections and in the danger of her defects.

This feeling explains men's pride in ships. "Ships are all right," as my
middle-aged, respectable quartermaster said with much conviction and some
irony; but they are not exactly what men make them. They have their own nature;
they can of themselves minister to our self-esteem by the demand their
qualities make upon our skill and their shortcomings upon our hardiness and
endurance. Which is the more flattering exaction it is hard to say; but there
is the fact that in listening for upwards of twenty years to the sea-talk that
goes on afloat and ashore I have never detected the true note of animosity. I
won't deny that at sea, sometimes, the note of profanity was audible enough in
those chiding interpellations a wet, cold, weary seaman addresses to his ship,
and in moments of exasperation is disposed to extend to all ships that ever
were launched – to the whole everlastingly exacting brood that swims in deep
waters. And I have heard curses launched at the unstable element itself, whose
fascination, outlasting the accumulated experience of ages, had captured him as
it had captured the generations of his forebears.

For all that has been said of the love that certain natures (on shore) have
professed to feel for it, for all the celebrations it had been the object of in
prose and song, the sea has never been friendly to man. At most it has been the
accomplice of human restlessness, and playing the part of dangerous abettor of
world- wide ambitions. Faithful to no race after the manner of the kindly
earth, receiving no impress from valour and toil and self- sacrifice,
recognising no finality of dominion, the sea has never adopted the cause of its
masters like those lands where the victorious nations of mankind have taken
root, rocking their cradles and setting up their gravestones. He – man or
people – who, putting his trust in the friendship of the sea, neglects the
strength and cunning of his right hand, is a fool! As if it were too great, too
mighty for common virtues, the ocean has no compassion, no faith, no law, no
memory. Its fickleness is to be held true to men's purposes only by an
undaunted resolution and by a sleepless, armed, jealous vigilance, in which,
perhaps, there has always been more hate than love. ODI ET AMO may well be the
confession of those who consciously or blindly have surrendered their existence
to the fascination of the sea. All the tempestuous passions of mankind's young
days, the love of loot and the love of glory, the love of adventure and the
love of danger, with the great love of the unknown and vast dreams of dominion
and power, have passed like images reflected from a mirror, leaving no record
upon the mysterious face of the sea. Impenetrable and heartless, the sea has
given nothing of itself to the suitors for its precarious favours. Unlike the
earth, it cannot be subjugated at any cost of patience and toil. For all its
fascination that has lured so many to a violent death, its immensity has never
been loved as the mountains, the plains, the desert itself, have been loved.
Indeed, I suspect that, leaving aside the protestations and tributes of writers
who, one is safe in saying, care for little else in the world than the rhythm
of their lines and the cadence of their phrase, the love of the sea, to which
some men and nations confess so readily, is a complex sentiment wherein pride
enters for much, necessity for not a little, and the love of ships – the
untiring servants of our hopes and our self-esteem – for the best and most
genuine part. For the hundreds who have reviled the sea, beginning with
Shakespeare in the line

"More fell than hunger, anguish, or the sea,"

down to the last obscure sea-dog of the "old model," having but few words and
still fewer thoughts, there could not be found, I believe, one sailor who has
ever coupled a curse with the good or bad name of a ship. If ever his
profanity, provoked by the hardships of the sea, went so far as to touch his
ship, it would be lightly, as a hand may, without sin, be laid in the way of
kindness on a woman.

The love that is given to ships is profoundly different from the love men feel
for every other work of their hands – the love they bear to their houses, for
instance – because it is untainted by the pride of possession. The pride of
skill, the pride of responsibility, the pride of endurance there may be, but
otherwise it is a disinterested sentiment. No seaman ever cherished a ship,
even if she belonged to him, merely because of the profit she put in his
pocket. No one, I think, ever did; for a ship-owner, even of the best, has
always been outside the pale of that sentiment embracing in a feeling of
intimate, equal fellowship the ship and the man, backing each other against the
implacable, if sometimes dissembled, hostility of their world of waters. The
sea – this truth must be confessed – has no generosity. No display of manly
qualities – courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness – has ever been known
to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power. The ocean has the
conscienceless temper of a savage autocrat spoiled by much adulation. He cannot
brook the slightest appearance of defiance, and has remained the irreconcilable
enemy of ships and men ever since ships and men had the unheard of audacity to
go afloat together in the face of his frown. From that day he has gone on
swallowing up fleets and men without his resentment being glutted by the number
of victims – by so many wrecked ships and wrecked lives. To-day, as ever, he is
ready to beguile and betray, to smash and to drown the incorrigible optimism of
men who, backed by the fidelity of ships, are trying to wrest from him the
fortune of their house, the dominion of their world, or only a dole of food for
their hunger. If not always in the hot mood to smash, he is always stealthily
ready for a drowning. The most amazing wonder of the deep is its unfathomable
cruelty.

I felt its dread for the first time in mid-Atlantic one day, many years ago,
when we took off the crew of a Danish brig homeward bound from the West Indies.
A thin, silvery mist softened the calm and majestic splendour of light without
shadows – seemed to render the sky less remote and the ocean less immense. It
was one of the days, when the might of the sea appears indeed lovable, like the
nature of a strong man in moments of quiet intimacy. At sunrise we had made out
a black speck to the westward, apparently suspended high up in the void behind
a stirring, shimmering veil of silvery blue gauze that seemed at times to stir
and float in the breeze which fanned us slowly along. The peace of that
enchanting forenoon was so profound, so untroubled, that it seemed that every
word pronounced loudly on our deck would penetrate to the very heart of that
infinite mystery born from the conjunction of water and sky. We did not raise
our voices. "A water-logged derelict, I think, sir," said the second officer
quietly, coming down from aloft with the binoculars in their case slung across
his shoulders; and our captain, without a word, signed to the helmsman to steer
for the black speck. Presently we made out a low, jagged stump sticking up
forward – all that remained of her departed masts.

The captain was expatiating in a low conversational tone to the chief mate upon
the danger of these derelicts, and upon his dread of coming upon them at night,
when suddenly a man forward screamed out, "There's people on board of her, sir!
I see them!" in a most extraordinary voice – a voice never heard before in our
ship; the amazing voice of a stranger. It gave the signal for a sudden tumult
of shouts. The watch below ran up the forecastle head in a body, the cook
dashed out of the galley. Everybody saw the poor fellows now. They were there!
And all at once our ship, which had the well-earned name of being without a
rival for speed in light winds, seemed to us to have lost the power of motion,
as if the sea, becoming viscous, had clung to her sides. And yet she moved.
Immensity, the inseparable companion of a ship's life, chose that day to
breathe upon her as gently as a sleeping child. The clamour of our excitement
had died out, and our living ship, famous for never losing steerage way as long
as there was air enough to float a feather, stole, without a ripple, silent and
white as a ghost, towards her mutilated and wounded sister, come upon at the
point of death in the sunlit haze of a calm day at sea.

With the binoculars glued to his eyes, the captain said in a quavering tone:
"They are waving to us with something aft there." He put down the glasses on
the skylight brusquely, and began to walk about the poop. "A shirt or a flag,"
he ejaculated irritably. "Can't make it out... Some damn rag or other!" He took
a few more turns on the poop, glancing down over the rail now and then to see
how fast we were moving. His nervous footsteps rang sharply in the quiet of the
ship, where the other men, all looking the same way, had forgotten themselves
in a staring immobility. "This will never do!" he cried out suddenly. "Lower
the boats at once! Down with them!"

Before I jumped into mine he took me aside, as being an inexperienced junior,
for a word of warning:

"You look out as you come alongside that she doesn't take you down with her.
You understand?"

He murmured this confidentially, so that none of the men at the falls should
overhear, and I was shocked. "Heavens! as if in such an emergency one stopped
to think of danger!" I exclaimed to myself mentally, in scorn of such
cold-blooded caution.

It takes many lessons to make a real seaman, and I got my rebuke at once. My
experienced commander seemed in one searching glance to read my thoughts on my
ingenuous face.

"What you're going for is to save life, not to drown your boat's crew for
nothing," he growled severely in my ear. But as we shoved off he leaned over
and cried out: "It all rests on the power of your arms, men. Give way for life!
"

We made a race of it, and I would never have believed that a common boat's crew
of a merchantman could keep up so much determined fierceness in the regular
swing of their stroke. What our captain had clearly perceived before we left
had become plain to all of us since. The issue of our enterprise hung on a hair
above that abyss of waters which will not give up its dead till the Day of
Judgment. It was a race of two ship's boats matched against Death for a prize
of nine men's lives, and Death had a long start. We saw the crew of the brig
from afar working at the pumps – still pumping on that wreck, which already had
settled so far down that the gentle, low swell, over which our boats rose and
fell easily without a check to their speed, welling up almost level with her
head-rails, plucked at the ends of broken gear swinging desolately under her
naked bowsprit.

We could not, in all conscience, have picked out a better day for our regatta
had we had the free choice of all the days that ever dawned upon the lonely
struggles and solitary agonies of ships since the Norse rovers first steered to
the westward against the run of Atlantic waves. It was a very good race. At the
finish there was not an oar's length between the first and second boat, with
Death coming in a good third on the top of the very next smooth swell, for all
one knew to the contrary. The scuppers of the brig gurgled softly all together
when the water rising against her sides subsided sleepily with a low wash, as
if playing about an immovable rock. Her bulwarks were gone fore and aft, and
one saw her bare deck low-lying like a raft and swept clean of boats, spars,
houses – of everything except the ringbolts and the heads of the pumps. I had
one dismal glimpse of it as I braced myself up to receive upon my breast the
last man to leave her, the captain, who literally let himself fall into my
arms.

It had been a weirdly silent rescue – a rescue without a hail, without a single
uttered word, without a gesture or a sign, without a conscious exchange of
glances. Up to the very last moment those on board stuck to their pumps, which
spouted two clear streams of water upon their bare feet. Their brown skin
showed through the rents of their shirts; and the two small bunches of
half-naked, tattered men went on bowing from the waist to each other in their
back-breaking labour, up and down, absorbed, with no time for a glance over the
shoulder at the help that was coming to them. As we dashed, unregarded,
alongside a voice let out one, only one hoarse howl of command, and then, just
as they stood, without caps, with the salt drying gray in the wrinkles and
folds of their hairy, haggard faces, blinking stupidly at us their red eyelids,
they made a bolt away from the handles, tottering and jostling against each
other, and positively flung themselves over upon our very heads. The clatter
they made tumbling into the boats had an extraordinarily destructive effect
upon the illusion of tragic dignity our self-esteem had thrown over the
contests of mankind with the sea. On that exquisite day of gently breathing
peace and veiled sunshine perished my romantic love to what men's imagination
had proclaimed the most august aspect of Nature.

The cynical indifference of the sea to the merits of human suffering and
courage, laid bare in this ridiculous, panic-tainted performance extorted from
the dire extremity of nine good and honourable seamen, revolted me. I saw the
duplicity of the sea's most tender mood. It was so because it could not help
itself, but the awed respect of the early days was gone. I felt ready to smile
bitterly at its enchanting charm and glare viciously at its furies. In a
moment, before we shoved off, I had looked coolly at the life of my choice. Its
illusions were gone, but its fascination remained. I had become a seaman at
last.

We pulled hard for a quarter of an hour, then laid on our oars waiting for our
ship. She was coming down on us with swelling sails, looking delicately tall
and exquisitely noble through the mist. The captain of the brig, who sat in the
stern sheets by my side with his face in his hands, raised his head and began
to speak with a sort of sombre volubility. They had lost their masts and sprung
a leak in a hurricane; drifted for weeks, always at the pumps, met more bad
weather; the ships they sighted failed to make them out, the leak gained upon
them slowly, and the seas had left them nothing to make a raft of. It was very
hard to see ship after ship pass by at a distance, "as if everybody had agreed
that we must be left to drown," he added. But they went on trying to keep the
brig afloat as long as possible, and working the pumps constantly on
insufficient food, mostly raw, till "yesterday evening," he continued
monotonously, "just as the sun went down, the men's hearts broke."

He made an almost imperceptible pause here, and went on again with exactly the
same intonation:

"They told me the brig could not be saved, and they thought they had done
enough for themselves. I said nothing to that. It was true. It was no mutiny. I
had nothing to say to them. They lay about aft all night, as still as so many
dead men. I did not lie down. I kept a look-out. When the first light came I
saw your ship at once. I waited for more light; the breeze began to fail on my
face. Then I shouted out as loud as I was able, 'Look at that ship!' but only
two men got up very slowly and came to me. At first only we three stood alone,
for a long time, watching you coming down to us, and feeling the breeze drop to
a calm almost; but afterwards others, too, rose, one after another, and
by-and-by I had all my crew behind me. I turned round and said to them that
they could see the ship was coming our way, but in this small breeze she might
come too late after all, unless we turned to and tried to keep the brig afloat
long enough to give you time to save us all. I spoke like that to them, and
then I gave the command to man the pumps."

He gave the command, and gave the example, too, by going himself to the
handles, but it seems that these men did actually hang back for a moment,
looking at each other dubiously before they followed him. "He! he! he!" He
broke out into a most unexpected, imbecile, pathetic, nervous little giggle.
"Their hearts were broken so! They had been played with too long," he explained
apologetically, lowering his eyes, and became silent.

Twenty-five years is a long time – a quarter of a century is a dim and distant
past; but to this day I remember the dark-brown feet, hands, and faces of two
of these men whose hearts had been broken by the sea. They were lying very
still on their sides on the bottom boards between the thwarts, curled up like
dogs. My boat's crew, leaning over the looms of their oars, stared and listened
as if at the play. The master of the brig looked up suddenly to ask me what day
it was.

They had lost the date. When I told him it was Sunday, the 22nd, he frowned,
making some mental calculation, then nodded twice sadly to himself, staring at
nothing.

His aspect was miserably unkempt and wildly sorrowful. Had it not been for the
unquenchable candour of his blue eyes, whose unhappy, tired glance every moment
sought his abandoned, sinking brig, as if it could find rest nowhere else, he
would have appeared mad. But he was too simple to go mad, too simple with that
manly simplicity which alone can bear men unscathed in mind and body through an
encounter with the deadly playfulness of the sea or with its less abominable
fury.

Neither angry, nor playful, nor smiling, it enveloped our distant ship growing
bigger as she neared us, our boats with the rescued men and the dismantled hull
of the brig we were leaving behind, in the large and placid embrace of its
quietness, half lost in the fair haze, as if in a dream of infinite and tender
clemency. There was no frown, no wrinkle on its face, not a ripple. And the run
of the slight swell was so smooth that it resembled the graceful undulation of
a piece of shimmering gray silk shot with gleams of green. We pulled an easy
stroke; but when the master of the brig, after a glance over his shoulder,
stood up with a low exclamation, my men feathered their oars instinctively,
without an order, and the boat lost her way.

He was steadying himself on my shoulder with a strong grip, while his other
arm, flung up rigidly, pointed a denunciatory finger at the immense
tranquillity of the ocean. After his first exclamation, which stopped the swing
of our oars, he made no sound, but his whole attitude seemed to cry out an
indignant "Behold!" ... I could not imagine what vision of evil had come to
him. I was startled, and the amazing energy of his immobilized gesture made my
heart beat faster with the anticipation of something monstrous and unsuspected.
The stillness around us became crushing.

For a moment the succession of silky undulations ran on innocently. I saw each
of them swell up the misty line of the horizon, far, far away beyond the
derelict brig, and the next moment, with a slight friendly toss of our boat, it
had passed under us and was gone. The lulling cadence of the rise and fall, the
invariable gentleness of this irresistible force, the great charm of the deep
waters, warmed my breast deliciously, like the subtle poison of a love- potion.
But all this lasted only a few soothing seconds before I jumped up too, making
the boat roll like the veriest landlubber.

Something startling, mysterious, hastily confused, was taking place. I watched
it with incredulous and fascinated awe, as one watches the confused, swift
movements of some deed of violence done in the dark. As if at a given signal,
the run of the smooth undulations seemed checked suddenly around the brig. By a
strange optical delusion the whole sea appeared to rise upon her in one
overwhelming heave of its silky surface, where in one spot a smother of foam
broke out ferociously. And then the effort subsided. It was all over, and the
smooth swell ran on as before from the horizon in uninterrupted cadence of
motion, passing under us with a slight friendly toss of our boat. Far away,
where the brig had been, an angry white stain undulating on the surface of
steely-gray waters, shot with gleams of green, diminished swiftly, without a
hiss, like a patch of pure snow melting in the sun. And the great stillness
after this initiation into the sea's implacable hate seemed full of dread
thoughts and shadows of disaster.

"Gone!" ejaculated from the depths of his chest my bowman in a final tone. He
spat in his hands, and took a better grip on his oar. The captain of the brig
lowered his rigid arm slowly, and looked at our faces in a solemnly conscious
silence, which called upon us to share in his simple-minded, marvelling awe.
All at once he sat down by my side, and leaned forward earnestly at my boat's
crew, who, swinging together in a long, easy stroke, kept their eyes fixed upon
him faithfully.

"No ship could have done so well," he addressed them firmly, after a moment of
strained silence, during which he seemed with trembling lips to seek for words
fit to bear such high testimony.

"She was small, but she was good. I had no anxiety. She was strong. Last voyage
I had my wife and two children in her. No other ship could have stood so long
the weather she had to live through for days and days before we got dismasted a
fortnight ago. She was fairly worn out, and that's all. You may believe me. She
lasted under us for days and days, but she could not last for ever. It was long
enough. I am glad it is over. No better ship was ever left to sink at sea on
such a day as this."

He was competent to pronounce the funereal oration of a ship, this son of
ancient sea-folk, whose national existence, so little stained by the excesses
of manly virtues, had demanded nothing but the merest foothold from the earth.
By the merits of his sea-wise forefathers and by the artlessness of his heart,
he was made fit to deliver this excellent discourse. There was nothing wanting
in its orderly arrangement – neither piety nor faith, nor the tribute of praise
due to the worthy dead, with the edifying recital of their achievement. She had
lived, he had loved her; she had suffered, and he was glad she was at rest. It
was an excellent discourse. And it was orthodox, too, in its fidelity to the
cardinal article of a seaman's faith, of which it was a single-minded
confession. "Ships are all right." They are. They who live with the sea have
got to hold by that creed first and last; and it came to me, as I glanced at
him sideways, that some men were not altogether unworthy in honour and
conscience to pronounce the funereal eulogium of a ship's constancy in life and
death.

After this, sitting by my side with his loosely-clasped hands hanging between
his knees, he uttered no word, made no movement till the shadow of our ship's
sails fell on the boat, when, at the loud cheer greeting the return of the
victors with their prize, he lifted up his troubled face with a faint smile of
pathetic indulgence. This smile of the worthy descendant of the most ancient
sea-folk whose audacity and hardihood had left no trace of greatness and glory
upon the waters, completed the cycle of my initiation. There was an infinite
depth of hereditary wisdom in its pitying sadness. It made the hearty bursts of
cheering sound like a childish noise of triumph. Our crew shouted with immense
confidence – honest souls! As if anybody could ever make sure of having
prevailed against the sea, which has betrayed so many ships of great "name," so
many proud men, so many towering ambitions of fame, power, wealth, greatness!

As I brought the boat under the falls my captain, in high good- humour, leaned
over, spreading his red and freckled elbows on the rail, and called down to me
sarcastically, out of the depths of his cynic philosopher's beard:

"So you have brought the boat back after all, have you?"

Sarcasm was "his way," and the most that can be said for it is that it was
natural. This did not make it lovable. But it is decorous and expedient to fall
in with one's commander's way. "Yes. I brought the boat back all right, sir," I
answered. And the good man believed me. It was not for him to discern upon me
the marks of my recent initiation. And yet I was not exactly the same youngster
who had taken the boat away – all impatience for a race against death, with the
prize of nine men's lives at the end.

Already I looked with other eyes upon the sea. I knew it capable of betraying
the generous ardour of youth as implacably as, indifferent to evil and good, it
would have betrayed the basest greed or the noblest heroism. My conception of
its magnanimous greatness was gone. And I looked upon the true sea – the sea
that plays with men till their hearts are broken, and wears stout ships to
death. Nothing can touch the brooding bitterness of its heart. Open to all and
faithful to none, it exercises its fascination for the undoing of the best. To
love it is not well. It knows no bond of plighted troth, no fidelity to
misfortune, to long companionship, to long devotion. The promise it holds out
perpetually is very great; but the only secret of its possession is strength,
strength – the jealous, sleepless strength of a man guarding a coveted treasure
within his gates.

