  however boldly their warm blood was spilt,  their life was shame, their epitaph was guilt;  and this they knew and felt, at least the one,  the leader of the hand he had undone--  who, born for better things, had madly set  his life upon a cast, which linger'd yet.
there is perhaps no event in the annals of our history which excitedmore alarm at the time of its occurrence, or has since been the subjectof more general interest, than the mutiny at the nore, in the year 1797.forty thousand men, to whom the nation looked for defence from itssurrounding enemies, and in steadfast reliance upon whose bravery it laydown every night in tranquillity,--men who had dared everything fortheir king and country, and in whose breasts patriotism, althoughsuppressed for the time, could never be extinguished,--irritated byungrateful neglect on the one hand, and by seditious advisers on theother, turned the guns which they had so often manned in defence of theenglish flag against their own countrymen and their own home, and, withall the acrimony of feeling ever attending family quarrels, seemeddetermined to sacrifice the nation and themselves, rather than listen tothe dictates of reason and of conscience.
doubtless there is a point at which endurance of oppression ceases to bea virtue, and rebellion can no longer be considered as a crime; but itis a dangerous and intricate problem, the solution of which had betternot be attempted.
it must, however, be acknowledged, that the seamen,on the occasion of the first mutiny, had just grounds of complaint, andthat they did not proceed to acts of violence until repeated and humbleremonstrance had been made in vain.
whether we act in a body or individually, such is the infirmity andselfishness of human nature, that we often surrender to importunity thatwhich we refuse to the dictates of gratitude,--yielding for our owncomfort, to the demands of turbulence, while quiet unpretending merit isoverlooked and oppressed, until, roused by neglect, it demands, as aright, what policy alone should have granted as a favour.
such was the behaviour, on the part of government, which produced themutiny at the nore.
what mechanism is more complex than the mind of man?
and as, in allmachinery, there are wheels and springs of action not apparent withoutclose examination of the interior, so pride, ambition, avarice, love,play alternately or conjointly upon the human mind, which, under theirinfluence, is whirled round like the weathercock in the hurricane, onlypointing for a short time in one direction, but for that timesteadfastly.
how difficult, then, to analyse the motives andinducements which actuated the several ringleaders in this dreadfulcrisis!
let us, therefore, confine ourselves to what we do really know to havebeen the origin of discontent in one of these men, whose unfortunatecareer is intimately connected with this history.
edward peters was a man of talent and education.
he had entered onboard the --- in a fit of desperation, to obtain the bounty for apresent support, and his pay as a future provision for his wife, and anonly child, the fruit of a hasty and unfortunate marriage.
he was soondistinguished as a person of superior attainments; and instead of beingemployed, as a landsman usually is, in the afterguard, or waist, of theship, he was placed under the orders of the purser and captain's clerkas an amanuensis.
in this capacity he remained two or three years,approved of and treated with unusual respect by the officers, for hisgentlemanlike appearance and behaviour: but unfortunately a theft hadbeen committed,--a watch, of trifling value, had been purloined from thepurser's cabin; and, as he was the only person, with the exception ofthe servant, who had free ingress and egress, suspicion fell upon him--the more so as, after every search that could be made had provedineffectual, it was supposed that the purloined property had been senton shore to be disposed of by his wife, who, with his child, hadfrequently been permitted to visit him on board.
summoned on the quarter-deck--cross-examined, and harshly interrogated--called a scoundrel by the captain before conviction,--the proud bloodmantled in the cheeks of one who, at that period, was incapable ofcrime.
the blush of virtuous indignation was construed into presumptiveevidence of guilt.
the captain,--a superficial, presuming, pompous, yetcowardly creature, whose conduct assisted in no small degree to excitethe mutiny on board of his own ship,--declared himself quite convincedof peters's guilt, because he blushed at the bare idea of beingsuspected; and punishment ensued, with all the degradation allotted toan offence which is never forgiven on board of a man-of-war.
there is, perhaps, no crime that is attended with such seriousconsequences on board a ship as theft.
a succession of theftsundiscovered will disintegrate a ship's company, break up the messes,destroy all confidence and harmony, and occasion those who have been thedearest friends to become the greatest enemies: for whom can a personsuspect, when he has lost his property, in so confined a space, butthose who were acquainted with its being in his possession, and with theplace in which it was deposited?--and who are these but his ownmessmates, or those in whom he most confided?
after positiveconviction, no punishment can be too severe for a crime that producessuch mischief; but to degrade a man by corporal punishment, to ruin hischaracter, and render him an object of abhorrence and contempt, in theabsence of even bare presumptive evidence, was an act of cruelty andinjustice, which could excite but one feeling; and, from that day, theman who would have gloried in dying for his country, became adiscontented, gloomy, and dangerous subject.
the above effect would have been produced in any man; but to peters,whose previous history we have yet to narrate, death itself would havebeen preferable.
his heart did not break, but it swelled withcontending passions, till it was burst and riven with wounds never to becicatrised.
suffering under the most painful burthen that can oppress aman who values reputation, writhing with the injustice of accusationwhen innocent, of conviction without proof, and of punishment unmerited,it is not to be wondered at that peters took the earliest opportunity ofdeserting from the ship.
there is a particular feeling pervading animal nature, from which manhimself is not exempt.
indeed, with all his boasted reason, man stillinherits too many of the propensities of the brute creation.
i refer tothat disposition which not only inclines us to feel satisfaction atfinding we have companions in misfortune, but too often stimulates us toincrease the number by our own exertions.
from the stupendous elephant,down to the smallest of the feathered tribe, all will act as a decoy totheir own species, when in captivity themselves; and, in all compulsoryservice, which may be considered a species of captivity, man proves thathe is imbued with the same propensity.
seamen that have been pressedthemselves into the navy, are invariably the most active in pressingothers; and both soldiers and sailors have a secret pleasure inrecapturing a deserter, even at the very time when they are watching anopportunity to desert themselves.
the bonds of friendship seem destroyed when this powerful and brutalfeeling is called into action; and, as has frequently occurred in theservice, before and since, the man who was selected by peters as hismost intimate friend, the man with whom he had consulted, and to whom hehad confided his plans for desertion, gave information of the retreat ofhis wife and child, from which place peters was not likely to be verydistant; and thus, with the assistance of this, his dearest friend, themaster-at-arms and party in quest of him succeeded in his capture.
it so happened, that on the very day on which peters was brought onboard and put into irons, the purser's servant was discovered to have inhis possession the watch that had been lost.
thus far the character ofpeters was reinstated; and as he had declared, at the time of hiscapture, that the unjust punishment which he had received had been themotive of his desertion, the captain was strongly urged by the officersto overlook an offence which had everything to be offered in itsextenuation.
but captain a--- was fond of courts-martial; he imaginedthat they added to his consequence, which certainly required to beupheld by adventitious aid.
moreover, the feeling, too often pervadinglittle minds, that of a dislike taken to a person because you haveinjured him, and the preferring to accumulate injustice rather than toacknowledge error, had more than due weight with this weak man.
acourt-martial was held, and peters was sentenced to death; but, inconsideration of circumstances, the sentence was mitigated to that ofbeing "flogged round the fleet."
strange vanity in men, that they should imagine their ownfeelings to be more sensible and acute than those of others; that theyshould consider that a mitigation in favour of the prisoner, which, hadthey been placed in his situation, they would have declared an_accumulation_ of the punishment.
not a captain who sat upon thatcourt-martial but would have considered, as peters did, that death wasby far the more lenient sentence of the two.
yet they meant well--theyfelt kindly towards him, and acknowledged his provocations; but theyfell into the too common error of supposing that the finer feelings,which induce a man to prefer death to dishonour, are only to berecognised among the higher classes; and that, because circumstances mayhave placed a man before the mast, he will undergo punishment, howeversevere, however degrading,--in short, every "ill that flesh is heirto,"--in preference to death.
as the reader may not, perhaps, be acquainted with the nature of thepunishment to which peters was sentenced, and the ceremonies by which itis attended, i shall enter into a short description of it.
a man sentenced to be flogged round the fleet receives an equal part ofthe whole number of lashes awarded, alongside each ship composing thatfleet.
for instance, if sentenced to three hundred lashes, in a fleetcomposed of ten sail, he will receive thirty alongside of each ship.
a launch is fitted up with a platform and shears.
it is occupied by theunfortunate individual, the provost-marshal, the boatswain, and hismates, with their implements of office, and armed marines stationed atthe bow and stern.
when the signal is made for punishment, all theships in the fleet send one or two boats each, with crews cleanlydressed, the officers in full uniform, and marines under arms.
theseboats collect at the side of the ship where the launch is lying, thehands are turned up, and the ship's company are ordered to mount therigging, to witness that portion of the whole punishment which, afterthe sentence has been read, is inflicted upon the prisoner.
when he hasreceived the allotted number of lashes, he is, for the time, released,and permitted to sit down, with a blanket over his shoulders, while theboats, which attend the execution of the sentence, make fast to thelaunch, and tow it to the next ship in the fleet, where the same numberof lashes are inflicted with corresponding ceremonies;--and thus he istowed from one ship to another until he has received the whole of hispunishment.
the severity of this punishment consists not only in the number oflashes, but in the peculiar manner in which they are inflicted; as,after the unfortunate wretch has received the first part of his sentencealongside of one ship, the blood is allowed to congeal, and the woundspartially to close, during the interval which takes place previously tohis arrival alongside of the next, when the cat again subjects him torenewed and increased torture.
during the latter part of thepunishment, the suffering is dreadful; and a man who has undergone thissentence is generally broken down in constitution, if not in spirits,for the remainder of his life.
such was the punishment inflicted upon the unfortunate peters; and itwould be difficult to decide, at the moment when it was completed, andthe blanket thrown over his shoulders, whether the heart or the back ofthe fainting man were the more lacerated of the two.
time can heal the wounds of the body, over which it holds its empire;but those of the soul, like the soul itself, spurn his transitory sway.
peters, from that moment, was a desperate man.
a short time after hehad undergone his sentence, the news of the mutiny at spithead wascommunicated; and the vacillation and apprehensions of the admiralty,and of the nation at large, were not to be concealed.
this mutiny wasapparently quelled by conciliation; but conciliation is but a halfmeasure, and ineffectual when offered from superiors to inferiors.
in this world, i know not why, there seems to be but one seal binding inall contracts of magnitude--and that seal is blood.
without referringto the jewish types, proclaiming that "all things were purified byblood, and without shedding of blood there was no remission,"--withoutreferring to that sublime mystery by which these types have beenfulfilled,--it appears as if, in all ages and all countries, blood hadbeen the only seal of security.
examine the records of history, the revolution of opinion, the publictumults, the warfare for religious ascendency--it will be found that,without this seal, these were only lulled for the moment, and invariablyrecommenced until _blood_ had made its appearance as witness to "the actand deed."
this is a long description, but applies  to scarce five minutes past before the eyes  but yet what minutes!
moments like to these  rend men's lives into immortalities.
the mutiny at spithead was soon followed up by that at the nore; and theringleader, parker, like a meteor darting through the firmament, sprungfrom nothing, corruscated, dazzled, and disappeared.
the texel fleetjoined, except a few ships, which the courage and conduct of the gallantold admiral duncan preserved from the contagion.
let me here digress alittle, to introduce to my readers the speech made by this officer tohis ship's company on the first symptoms of disaffection.
it issupposed that sailors are not eloquent.
i assert that, with theexception of the north american indians, who have to perfection the artof saying much in few words, there are few people more eloquent thansailors.
the general object looked for, in this world, is to obtain thegreatest possible effect with the smallest power; if so, the more simplethe language, the more matter is condensed, the nearer we approach toperfection.
flourishes and flowers of rhetoric may be compared to extrawheels applied to a carriage, increasing the rattling and complexity ofthe machine, without adding to either the strength of its fabric or therapidity of its course.
it was on the 6th of june that the fleet at the nore was joined by the_agamemnon, leopard, ardent_, and other ships which had separated fromadmiral duncan's fleet.
when the admiral found himself deserted by partof his own fleet, he called his own ship's crew together, and addressedthem in the following speech:--"my lads!
i once more call you together with a sorrowful heart, owingto what i have lately seen, the disaffection of the fleets: i call itdisaffection, for the crews have no grievances.
to be deserted by myfleet, in the face of the enemy, is a disgrace which, i believe, neverbefore happened to a british admiral; nor could i have supposed itpossible.
my greatest comfort under god is, that i have been supportedby the officers, seamen, and marines of this ship, for which, with aheart overflowing with gratitude, i request you to accept my sincerethanks.
i flatter myself much good may result from your example, bybringing those deluded people to a sense of the duty which they owe, notonly to their king and country, but to themselves.
"the british navy has ever been the support of that liberty which hasbeen handed down to us by our ancestors, and which i trust we shallmaintain to the latest posterity--and that can only be done by unanimityand obedience.
this ship's company, and others, who have distinguishedthemselves by loyalty and good order, deserve to be, and doubtless willbe, the favourites of a grateful nation.
they will also have, fromtheir inward feelings, a comfort which will be lasting, and not like thefloating and false confidence of those who have swerved from their duty.
"it has often been my pride with you to look into the texel, and see afoe which dreaded coming out to meet us.
my pride is now humbledindeed!
our cup has overflowed, and made us wanton--the all-wiseprovidence has given us this check as a warning, and i hope we shallimprove by it.
on him, then, let us trust, where our only security isto be found.
i find there are many good men among us: for my own part,i have had full confidence of all in this ship; and once more i beg toexpress my approbation of your conduct.
"may god, who has thus far conducted you, continue to do so; and may thebritish navy, the glory and support of our country, be restored to itswonted splendour, and be not only the bulwark of britain, but the terrorof the world.
"but this can only be effected by a strict adherence to our duty andobedience; and let us pray that the almighty god may keep us in theright way of thinking.
"god bless you all."
at an address so unassuming, and so calculated, from its simplicity andtruth, to touch the human heart, the whole ship's crew were melted intotears, and declared their resolution to adhere to their admiral in lifeor death.
had all the ships in the fleet been commanded by such men asadmiral duncan, the mutiny at spithead would not have been succeeded bythat at the nore: but the seamen had no confidence, either in theirofficers, or in those who presided at the board of admiralty; anddistrust of their promises, which were considered to be given merely togain time, was the occasion of the second and more alarming rebellion ofthe two.
the irritated mind of peters was stimulated to join the disaffectedparties.
his pride, his superior education, and the acknowledgmentamong his shipmates that he was an injured man, all conspired to placehim in the dangerous situation of ringleader on board of his own ship,the crew of which, although it had not actually joined in the mutiny,now showed open signs of discontent.
but the mine was soon exploded by the behaviour of the captain.
alarmedat the mutinous condition of the other ships which were anchored near tohim, and the symptoms of dissatisfaction in his own, he proceeded to anact of unjustifiable severity, evidently impelled by fear and not byresolution.
he ordered several of the petty officers and leading men ofthe ship to be thrown into irons, because they were seen to be earnestlytalking together on the forecastle,--and recollecting that his conducttowards peters had been such as to warrant disaffection, he added him tothe number.
the effect of this injudicious step was immediate.
the mencame aft in a body on the quarter-deck, and requested to know thegrounds upon which peters and the other men had been placed inconfinement; and perceiving alarm in the countenance of the captain,notwithstanding the resolute bearing of the officers, they insisted uponthe immediate release of their shipmates.
thus the first overt act ofmutiny was brought on by the misconduct of the captain.
the officers expostulated and threatened in vain.
three cheers werecalled for by a voice in the crowd, and three cheers were immediatelygiven.
the marines, who still remained true to their allegiance, hadbeen ordered under arms; the first lieutenant of the ship--for thecaptain, trembling and confused, stood a mere cipher--gave the order forthe ship's company to go below, threatening to fire upon them if theorder was not instantaneously obeyed.
the captain of marines broughthis men to the "make ready," and they were about to present, when thefirst lieutenant waved his hand to stop the decided measure, until hehad first ascertained how far the mutiny was general.
he stepped a fewpaces forward, and requested that every "blue jacket" who was inclinedto remain faithful to his king and country, would walk over from thatside of the quarter-deck upon which the ship's company were assembled,to the one which was occupied by the officers and marines.
a pause and silence ensued--when, after some pushing and elbowingthrough the crowd, william adams, an elderly quartermaster, made hisappearance in the front, and passed over to the side where the officersstood, while the hisses of the rest of the ship's company expressedtheir disapprobation of his conduct.
the old man just reached the otherside of the deck, when turning round like a lion at bay, with one footon the _coamings of_ the hatchway, and his arm raised in the air tocommand attention, he addressed them in these few words:--"my lads, i have fought for my king five-and-thirty years, and have beentoo long in his service to turn a rebel in my old age."
would it be credited that, after the mutiny had been quelled, norepresentation of this conduct was made to government by his captain?
yet such was the case, and such was the gratitude of captain a---.
the example shown by adams was not followed--the ship's crew againcheered, and ran down the hatchways, leaving the officers and marines ondeck.
they first disarmed the sentry under the half-deck, and releasedthe prisoners, and then went forward to consult upon further operations.
they were not long in deciding.
a boatswain's mate, who was one of theringleaders, piped, "stand by hammocks!"
the men ran on deck, eachseizing a hammock, and jumping with it down below on the main deck.
theobject of this manoeuvre not being comprehended, they were suffered toexecute it without interruption.
in a few minutes they sent up themarine, whom they had disarmed when sentry over the prisoners, to statethat they wished to speak to the captain and officers, who, after somediscussion, agreed that they would descend and hear the proposals whichthe ship's company should make.
indeed, even with the aid of themarines, many of whom were wavering, resistance would now have beenuseless, and could only have cost them their lives; for they weresurrounded by other ships who had hoisted the flag of insubordination,and whose guns were trained ready to pour in a destructive fire on theleast sign of an attempt to purchase their anchor.
to the main deckthey consequently repaired.
the scene which here presented itself was as striking as it was novel.
the after-part of the main-deck was occupied by the captain andofficers, who had come down with the few marines who still continuedsteadfast to their duty, and one sailor only, adams, who had so noblystated his determination on the quarter-deck.
the foremost part of thedeck was tenanted by a noisy and tumultuous throng of seamen, whoseheads only appeared above a barricade of hammocks, which they had formedacross the deck, and out of which at two embrasures, admirablyconstructed, two long twenty-four pounders, loaded up to the muzzle withgrape and canister shot, were pointed aft in the direction where theofficers and marines were standing--a man at the breech of each gun,with a match in his hand (which he occasionally blew, that the primingpowder might be more rapidly ignited), stood ready for the signal tofire.
the captain, aghast at the sight, would have retreated, but theofficers, formed of sterner materials, persuaded him to stay, althoughhe showed such evident signs of fear and perturbation as seriously toinjure a cause in which resolution and presence of mind alone couldavail.
the mutineers, at the suggestion of peters, had already sent afttheir preliminary proposals, which were, that the officers and marinesshould surrender up their arms, and consider themselves under an arrest,intimating at the same time that the first step in advance made by anyone of their party would be the signal for applying the match to thetouch-holes of the guns.
there was a pause and dead silence, as if it were a calm, although everypassion was roused and on the alert; every bosom heaved tumultuously,and every pulse was trebled in its action.
the same feeling which sopowerfully affects the truant schoolboy--who, aware of his offence, anddreading the punishment in perspective, can scarce enjoy the rapture ofmomentary emancipation--acted upon the mutineers, in an increased ratio,proportioned to the magnitude of their stake.
some hearts beat withremembrance of injuries and hopes of vengeance and retaliation; otherswith ambition, long dormant, bursting from its concealed recess; andmany were actuated by that restlessness which induced them to considerany change to be preferable to the monotony of existence in compulsoryservitude.
among the officers, some were oppressed with anxious forebodings ofevil--those peculiar sensations which, when death approaches nearly tothe outward senses, alarm the heart; others experienced no feeling butthat of manly fortitude and determination to die, if necessary, likemen; in others, alas;--in which party, small as it was, the captain waspre-eminent--fear and trepidation amounted almost to the loss of reason.
such was the state of the main-deck of the ship at the moment in whichwe are now describing it to the reader.
and yet, in the very centre of all this tumult, there was one who,although not indifferent to the scene around him, felt interestedwithout being anxious; astonished without being alarmed.
between thecontending and divided parties, stood a little boy, about six years old.
he was the perfection of childish beauty; chestnut hair waved in curlson his forehead, health glowed on his rosy cheeks, dimples sported overhis face as he altered the expression of his countenance, and his largedark eyes flashed with intelligence and animation.
he was dressed inmimic imitation of a man-of-war's man--loose trousers, tightened at thehips, to preclude the necessity of suspenders--and a white duck frock,with long sleeves and blue collar--while a knife, attached to a lanyard,was suspended round his neck: a light and narrow-brimmed straw hat onhis head completed his attire.
at times he looked aft at the officersand marines; at others he turned his eyes forward to the hammocks,behind which the ship's company were assembled.
the sight was new tohim, but he was already accustomed to reflect much, and to ask fewquestions.
go to the officers he did not, for the presence of thecaptain restrained him.
go to the ship's company he could not, for thebarricade of hammocks prevented him.
there he stood, in wonderment, butnot in fear.
there was something beautiful and affecting in the situation of the boy;calm, when all around him was anxious tumult; thoughtless, when thebrains of others were oppressed with the accumulation of ideas;contented, where all was discontent; peaceful, where each party that hestood between was thirsting for each other's blood:--there he stood, theonly happy, the only innocent one, amongst hundreds swayed by jarringinterests and contending passions.
and yet he was in keeping, although in such strong contrast, with therest of the picture; for where is the instance of the human mind beingso thoroughly depraved as not to have one good feeling left?
nothingexists so base and vile as not to have one redeeming quality.
there isno poison without some antidote--no precipice, however barren, withoutsome trace of verdure, no desert, however vast, without some spring torefresh the parched traveller, some oasis, some green spot, which, fromits situation, in comparison with surrounding objects, appears almostheavenly; and thus did the boy look almost angelic, standing as he didbetween the angry exasperated parties on the main-deck of thedisorganised ship.
after some little time he walked forward, and leaned against one of thetwenty-four pounders that was pointed out of the embrasure, the muzzleof which was on a level with, and intercepted by, his little head.
adams, the quarter-master, observing the dangerous situation of thechild, stepped forward.
this was against the stipulations laid down bythe mutineers, and peters cried out to him--"heave-to, adams, or wefire!"
adams waved his hand in expostulation, and continued to advance.
"keep back," again cried peters, "or, by god, we fire!"
"not upon one old man, peters, and he unarmed," replied adams; "i'm notworth so much powder and shot."
the man at the gun blew his match.
"for god's sake, for your own sake, as you value your happiness andpeace of mind, do not fire, peters!"
cried adams, with energy, "oryou'll never forgive yourself."
"hold fast the match," said peters; "we need not fear our man," and ashe said this, adams had come up to the muzzle of the gun, and seized theboy, whom he snatched up in his arms.
"i only came forward, peters, to save your own boy, whose head wouldhave been blown to atoms if you had chanced to have fired the gun," saidadams, turning short round, and walking aft with the boy in his arms.
"god in heaven bless you, adams!"
cried peters, with a faltering voice,and casting a look of fond affection at the child.
the heart of themutineer was at that moment softened by parental feelings, and he blewthe priming off the touch-hole of the gun, lest an accidental sparkshould risk the life of his child, who was now aft with the officers andtheir party.
reader, this little boy will be the hero of our tale.
roused discipline alone proclaims their cause,  and injured navies urge their broken laws.
pursue we in his track the mutineer.
man, like all other animals of a gregarious nature, is more inclined tofollow than to lead.
there are few who are endued with that impetus ofsoul which prompts them to stand foremost as leaders in the storming ofthe breach, whether it be of a fortress of stone or the more dangerousone of public opinion, when failure in the one case may precipitate themon the sword, and in the other consign them to the scaffold.
in this mutiny there were but few of the rare class referred to above:in the ship whose movements we have been describing not one, perhaps,except peters.
there were many boisterous, many threatening, but noone, except him, who was equal to the command, or to whom the commandcould have been confided.
he was, on board of his own ship, the verylife and soul of the mutiny.
at the moment described at the end of thelast chapter, all the better feelings of his still virtuous heart werein action; and, by a captain possessing resolution and a knowledge ofhuman nature, the mutiny might have been suppressed; but captain a---,who perceived the anxiety of peters, thought the child a prize of nosmall value, and, as adams brought him aft, snatched the boy from hisarms, and desired two of the party of marines to turn their loadedmuskets at his young heart--thus intimating to the mutineers that hewould shoot the child at the first sign of hostility on their part.
the two marines who had received this order looked at each other insilence, and did not obey.
it was repeated by the captain, whoconsidered that he had hit upon a masterpiece of diplomacy.
theofficers expostulated; the officer commanding the party of marinesturned away in disgust; but in vain: the brutal order was reiteratedwith threats.
the whole party of marines now murmured, and consultedtogether in a low tone.
willy peters was the idol and plaything of the whole crew.
he hadalways been accustomed to remain on board with his father, and there wasnot a man in the ship who would not have risked his life to have savedthat of the child.
the effect of this impolitic and cruel order wasdecisive.
the marines, with the sergeant at their head, and littlewilly placed in security in the centre, their bayonets directed on thedefensive, towards the captain and officers, retreated to the mutineers,whom they joined with three cheers, as the child was lifted over thebarricade of hammocks, and received into his father's arms.
"we must now submit to their terms, sir," said the first lieutenant.
"any terms, any terms," answered the terrified captain: "tell them so,for god's sake, or they will fire.
adams, go forward and tell them wesubmit."
this order was, however, unnecessary; for the mutineers, aware of theimpossibility of any further resistance, had thrown down the barricadeof hammocks, and, with peters at their head, were coming aft.
"you consent, gentlemen, to consider yourselves under an arrest?"
inquired peters of the first lieutenant and officers, without paying anyattention to the captain.
"we do, we do," cried captain a---.
"i hope you will not stain yourhands with blood.
mr peters, i meant the child no harm."
"if you had murdered him, captain a---, you could not have injured himso much as you have injured his father," retorted peters; "but fear notfor your life, sir: that is safe; and you will meet all the respect andattention to your wants that circumstances will permit.
we war not withindividuals."
it was a proud moment for peters to see this man cringing before him,and receiving with thanks the promise of his life from one whom he hadso cruelly treated.
there was a glorious revenge in it, the full forceof which could only be felt by the granting, not the receiving party:for it could only be appreciated by one who possessed those fine andhonourable feelings, of which captain a--- was wholly destitute.
if the reader will consult the various records of the times which we arenow describing, he will find that every respect was personally paid tothe officers, although they were deprived of their arms.
some of themost obnoxious were sent on shore, and the intemperate conduct of othersproduced effects for which they had only to thank themselves; but, onthe whole, the remark made by peters was strictly correct: "they warrednot with individuals,"--they demanded justice from an ungratefulcountry.
it is true that the demands in this mutiny were not so reasonable as inthe preceding; but where is the _man_ who can confine himself to theexact balance of justice when his own feelings are unwittingly throwninto the scale?
as i before stated, it is not my intention to follow up the details ofthis national disgrace, but merely to confine myself to that part whichis connected with the present history.
peters, as delegate from hisship, met the others, who were daily assembled, by parker's directions,on board of the _queen charlotte_, and took a leading and decided partin the arrangements of the disaffected fleet.
but parker, the ringleader, although a man of talent, was not equal tothe task he had undertaken.
he lost sight of several important featuresnecessary to insure success in all civil commotions: such as rapidityand decision of action, constant employment being found, and continualexcitement being kept up amongst his followers, to afford no time forreflection.
those who serve under an established government knowexactly their present weight in the scale of worldly rank, and theextent of their future expectations; they have accustomed themselves tobound their ambition accordingly: and feeling conscious that passiveobedience is the surest road to advancement, are led quietly, here orthere, to be slaughtered at the will and caprice of their superiors.
but the leader of the disaffected against an established government hasa difficult task.
he has nothing to offer to his followers butpromises.
there is nothing on hand--all is expectation.
if allowedtime for reflection, they soon perceive that they are acting an humblepart in a dangerous game; and that even though it be attended withsuccess, in all probability they will receive no share of theadvantages, although certain of incurring a large proportion of therisk.
the leader of a connected force of the above description rises toa dangerous height when borne up by the excitement of the time; but letit once be permitted to subside, and, like the aeronaut in his balloon,from which the gas escapes while it is soaring in the clouds, he isprecipitated from his lofty station, and gravitates to his owndestruction.
he must be a wonderful man who can collect all the resources of apopular commotion, and bring it to a successful issue.
the reason isobvious--everything depends upon the leader alone.
his followers arebut as the stones composing the arch of the bridge by which the gulf isto be crossed between them and their nominal superiors; he is thekeystone, upon which the whole depends--if completely fitted, renderingthe arch durable and capable of bearing any pressure; but if too smallin dimensions, or imperfect in conformation, rendering the whole labourfutile, and occasioning all the fabric previously raised to beprecipitated by its own weight, and dispersed in ruin and confusion.
this latter was the fate of the mutiny at the nore.
the insurrectionwas quelled, and the ringleaders were doomed to undergo the utmostpenalty of martial law.
among the rest, peters was sentenced to death.
in the foremost part of the main-deck of a line-of-battle ship, in asquare room, strongly bulk-headed, and receiving light from one of theports, as firmly secured with an iron grating--with no other furniturethan a long wooden form--his legs in shackles, that ran upon a heavyiron bar lying on the deck--sat the unfortunate prisoner, in companywith three other individuals--his wife, his child, and old adams, thequartermaster.
peters was seated on the deck, supporting himself byleaning against the bulkhead.
his wife was lying beside him, with herface hidden in his lap.
adams occupied the form, and the child stoodbetween his knees.
all were silent, and the eyes of the three weredirected towards one of the sad company, who appeared more wretched anddisconsolate than the rest.
"my dear, dear ellen!"
said peters, mournfully, as a fresh burst ofgrief convulsed her attenuated frame.
"why, then, refuse my solicitations, edward?
if not for yourself,listen to me for the sake of your wife and child.
irritated as yourfather still may be, his dormant affection will be awakened, when he isacquainted with the dreadful situation of his only son; nay, his familypride will never permit that you should perish by so ignominious adeath; and your assumed name will enable him, without blushing, to exerthis interest, and obtain your reprieve."
"do not put me to the pain of again refusing you, my dearest ellen.
idesire to die, and my fate must be a warning to others.
when i reflectwhat dreadful consequences might have ensued to the country from ourrebellious proceedings, i am thankful, truly thankful, to god, that wedid not succeed.
i know what you would urge--my wrongs, my undeservedstripes.
i, too, would urge them; and when my conscience has pressed mehard, have urged them in palliation; but i feel that it is only inpalliation, not in justification, that they can be brought forward.
they are no more in comparison with my crime than the happiness of oneindividual is to that of the nation which i assisted to endanger,because one constituting a part of it had, unauthorised, oppressed me.
no, no, ellen, i should not be happy if i were not to atone for myfaults; and this wretched life is the only atonement i can offer.
butfor you, and that poor child, my dearest and kindest, i should go to thescaffold rejoicing; but the thoughts--o god, strengthen and support me!"
cried the unhappy man, hiding his face in his hands.
"fear not for me, edward.
i feel here," said ellen, laying her hand onher heart, "a conviction that we shall soon meet again.
i will urge youno more love.
but the boy--the boy--oh, edward!
what will become ofthat dear boy when we are both gone?"
"please god to spare my life, he'll never want a father," said oldadams, as the tears found a devious passage down the furrows of hisweather-beaten face.
"what will become of him?"
cried peters with energy.
"why, he shallretrieve his father's faults--wash out the stain in his father'scharacter.
he shall prove as liege a subject as i have been arebellious one.
he shall as faithfully serve his country as i haveshamefully deserted it.
he shall be as honest as i have been false; andoh, may he be as prosperous as i have been unfortunate--as happy as ihave been miserable.
come hither, boy.
by the fond hopes i entertainof pardon and peace above--by the almighty, in whose presence i mustshortly tremble, i here devote thee to thy country--serve her bravelyand faithfully.
tell me, willy, do you understand me, and will youpromise me this?"
the boy laid his head upon his father's shoulder, and answered in a lowtone--"i will;" and then, after a short pause, added, "but what are theygoing to do with you, father?"
"i am going to die for my country's good, my child.
if god wills it,may you do the same, but in a more honourable manner."
the boy seemed lost in thought, and, after a short time, quitted hisfather's side, and sat down on the deck by his mother, without speaking.
adams rose, and taking him up, said, "mayhap you have that to talk ofwhich wants no listeners.
i will take willy with me, and give him alittle air before i put him in his hammock.
it's but a close hole,this.
good night to you both, though i'm afeard that's but a wish."
but a wish indeed!--and it was the last that was ever to close upon theunhappy peters.
the next morning was appointed for his execution.
there are scenes of such consummate misery, that they cannot beportrayed without harrowing up the feelings of the reader,--and of thesethe climax may be found in a fond wife, lying at the feet of her husbandduring the last twelve hours of his mortal career.
we must draw thecurtain.
and now, reader, the title of this work, which may have puzzled you,will be explained: for, intelligible as it may be to our profession, itmay be a mystery to those who are not in his majesty's service.
thebroad-headed arrow was a mark assumed at the time of the edwards (whenit was considered the most powerful weapon of attack), as distinguishingthe property of the king; and this mark has been continued down to thepresent day.
every article supplied to his majesty's service from thearsenals and dockyards is thickly studded with this mark; and to befound in possession of any property so marked is a capital offence, asit designates that property to be the _king's own_.
when adams left the condemned cell with willy, he thought upon what hadpassed, and as peters had devoted the boy to his king and country, hefelt an irresistible desire to mark him.
the practice of tatooing isvery common in the navy; and you will see a sailor's arm covered withemblems from the shoulder to the wrist; his own initials, that of hissweetheart, the crucifix, neptune, and mermaids being huddled together,as if mythology and scripture were one and the same thing.
adams wasnot long in deciding, and telling our little hero that his father wishedit--he easily persuaded him to undergo the pain of the operation, whichwas performed on the forecastle, by pricking the shape of the figurerequired with the points of needles, and rubbing the bleeding parts withwet gunpowder and ink.
by these simple means the form of a broad-headedarrow, or the king's mark, was, in the course of an hour, indeliblyengraved upon the left shoulder of little willy, who was then consignedto his hammock.
the strife was o'er, the vanquish'd had their doom;  the mutineers were crush'd, dispersed, or ta'en,  or lived to deem the happiest were the slain.
the day broke serenely but brightly, and poured in a stream of lightthrough the iron grating of the cell where peters and his wife layclasped in each other's arms, not asleep, but torpid, and worn out withextreme suffering.
peters was the first to break the silence, andgently moved ellen, as he called her by her name.
she had not for sometime lifted up her head, which was buried in his bosom; and she was notaware that the darkness had been dispelled.
she raised her head at hissummons, and as the dazzling light burst upon her sunken eyes, so didthe recollection that this was the fatal morning flash upon her memory.
with a shriek, she again buried her face in the bosom of her husband.
"ellen, as you love me," said peters, "do not distress me in my lasthour.
i have yet much to do before i die, and require your assistanceand support.
rise, my love, and let me write to my father; i must notneglect the interest of our child."
she rose tremblingly, and, turning back from her face her beautifulhair, which had been for so many days neglected, and was now moistenedwith her tears, reached the materials required by her husband, who,drawing towards him the wooden form to serve him as a table, wrote thefollowing letter, while his wife sat by him with a countenance ofidiotic apathy and despair:--  "dear father,--yes, still _dear_ father,--before you cast your eyes  upon these characters, you will be childless.
your eldest boy  perished nobly in the field of honour: your youngest and last will  this morning meet an ignominious, but deserved death on the scaffold.
thus will you be childless; but if your son does meet the fate of a  traitor, still the secret is confined to you alone, and none will  imagine that the unhappy peters, ringleader of a mutinous ship, was  the scion of a race who have so long preserved an unblemished name.
fain would i have spared you this shock to your feelings, and have  allowed you to remain in ignorance of my disgrace; but i have an act  of duty to perform to you and to my child--towards you, that your  estates may not be claimed, and pass away to distant and collateral  branches;--towards my child, that he may eventually reclaim his  rights.
father, i forgive you, i might say--but no--let all now be  buried in oblivion; and as you peruse these lines, and think on my  unhappy fate, shed a tear in memory of the once happy child you  fondled on your knee, and say to your heart, `i forgive him.'
"i have dedicated my boy to his king and country.
if you forgive me,  and mean to protect your grandchild, do not change the career in life  marked out for him:--it is a solemn compact between my god and me; and  you must fulfil this last earnest request of a dying man, as you hope  for future pardon and bliss.
"his distracted mother sits by me; i would entreat you to extend your  kindness towards her, but i fear she will soon require no earthly aid.
still, soothe her last moments with a promise to protect the orphan,  and may god bless you for your kindness.
"your affectionate son, edward."
peters had scarcely finished this letter when adams, with the boy in hisarms, was admitted.
"i come for final orders, peters, and to tell youwhat i did last night to this boy.
he is real stuff,--never winced.
you said he was to be the king's, and i thought you would like that heshould be marked as such.
there is no mistaking this mark, peters,"continued adams, baring the boy's shoulder, and showing the impressionof the broad-headed arrow, which now appeared angry and inflamed, as italways is for some days after the operation.
"i did not mention that iwas going to do it, because ellen then might not have liked it: but ihope you do."
"many, many thanks," answered peters; and opening his letter, which wasfolded, but not sealed, he added a postscript, pointing out the mark bywhich the boy would be identified.
"you could not have done me agreater favour, adams; and now you must promise me one more, which is tolook after my poor ellen when--""i understand, my good fellow, and i will," replied adams.
"there isthe chaplain outside, who is all ready for service if you would like tosee him," continued the old man, passing his hands over his humid eyes.
"ask him to come in, adams; he is a good man, and an honour to hisprofession.
i shall be glad to see him."
adams went to the door, and soon returned with the chaplain.
he salutedpeters, who respectfully bowed to him, and said: "i have long made mypeace with god and man, sir, and am as well prepared to die, as sinfulmortal can be in faith and charity with all men.
many thanks to you,sir, for your kindness; but, sir, you may be of use here yet.
canyou,"--and his voice faltered,--"can you, sir, help that poor youngwoman?
cannot you reason her into some kind of tranquillity, somedegree of submission to god's will?
oh, do that, sir, and you willconfer a favour on me indeed."
the chaplain approached ellen, who lay on the deck in a state of mentalstupefaction, and, addressing her in mild accents, persuaded her to riseand take a seat on the form; he kindly contrived to bring it forward tothe iron-grated port, so that she could not witness the motions ofpeters, and, with a low, yet energetic and persuasive voice, attemptedto reason her into patience and resignation.
his efforts were in vain.
she occasionally looked upon him with a vacant stare, but her thoughtswere elsewhere.
during the period, peters had time to shave himself,and dress in clean attire, preparatory to being summoned to his fate.
the time was approaching fast; one bell after eight o'clock, designatingthe half hour, had struck; at two bells (nine o'clock) he was to besummoned to his doom.
the clergyman rose from his uselessendeavours--"let us pray," said he, and sank upon his knees,--peters,adams, and the child followed his example; and, last of all, poor ellen,who seemed to recover her recollection, sank on her knees, but, unableto keep her position, fell towards the clergyman, who, as he supportedher in his arms, poured forth a fervent and eloquent appeal in behalf ofthe one who was about to appear in the presence of his maker, and ofthose who were left in tribulation behind.
it was scarcely over whenthe door opened, and the provost-marshal claimed his prisoner.
the prayer of the chaplain seemed to ring in ellen's ears, and sheremained supported by the worthy man, muttering parts of it atintervals, during which time the limbs of her husband were freed fromthe shackles.
all was ready; and peters, straining the child to hisbosom in silence, and casting one look at his dear ellen, who stillremained in a state of stupefaction, denied himself a last embrace(though the effort wrung his heart), rather than awaken her to hermisery.
he quitted the cell, and the chaplain, quietly placing ellen inthe arms of adams, followed, that he might attend and support peters inhis last moments.
the prisoner was conducted on the quarter-deck previously to being sentforward to execution.
his sentence was read by captain a---; and theremark may perhaps be considered uncharitable, but there certainlyappeared to be an ill-concealed satisfaction in his countenance as hecame to that part where it stated that the prisoner was to "sufferdeath."
peters heard it read with firmness, and asked permission toaddress the ship's company.
this was at first refused by the captain;but, at the request of the officers, and the assurance of the chaplainthat he would vouch for the language of peters being such as would havea proper tendency to future subordination on the part of the ship'scompany, it was assented to.
bowing first to the captain and officers,peters turned to the ship's company who were assembled on the booms andgangway, and addressed them as follows:--"shipmates, the time may come when our country shall be at peace, andyour services no longer be required.
then, when you narrate to yourchildren the events of this unhappy mutiny, do not forget to addinstruction to amusement, by pointing out to them that it ended in thedisgrace and death of the ringleaders.
tell them that, in yourpresence, one of them acknowledged on the quarter-deck the justice ofhis sentence, and returned thanks to his majesty for his kindness inpardoning others who had been led into the same error.
tell them to dotheir duty, to fight nobly for their king and country, and warn them byour example--"at this moment willy, who had eluded the vigilance of old adams, who wasoccupied in supporting the inanimate ellen, pushed his way between thelegs of the marines, who were drawn up in ranks on the quarter-deck,and, running to his father, laid hold of the loose sailor's trousers inwhich he was attired, and looked anxiously and inquisitively in hisface.
peters's voice faltered; he attempted to continue his address tothe men, but could not; and waiving his hand, and pointing to the child,in mute explanation of the cause, after struggling in vain against theoverflowings of a father's heart, he bent over the boy and burst intotears.
the effect was electrical.
the shock was communicated to all; not aneye but was dimmed; sobs were heard in the crowd; the oldest officersturned away to conceal their emotions; the younger, and more fresh inheart, covered their faces, and leant against the bulwarks; the marinesforgot their discipline, and raised their hands from their sides to wipetheir eyes.
many a source, long supposed to be hermetically sealed, wasre-opened, many a spring long dry reflowed rapidly; even captaina--- was moved.
by a singular coincidence, the grouping of the parties at this momentwas nearly the same as when we first introduced our little hero to thereader,--the officers and marines on the after part of the deck, theship's company forward, and little willy standing between the two.
again he appears in the same position;--but what a change of feeling hadtaken place!
as if he had been a little spirit of good, waving hisfairy talisman, evil passions, which in the former scene were let loose,had retired to their darkest recesses, and all the better feelings ofhumanity were called forth and displayed in one universal, spontaneous,and unfeigned tribute to the melancholy and affecting scene.
the silence was first broken by willy--"where are you going, father; andwhy do you wear that night-cap?"
"i am going to sleep, child,--to an eternal sleep!
god bless andprotect you," said peters, taking him up and kissing him.
"and now,sir, i am ready," continued peters, who had recovered hisself-possession; "captain a---, i forgive you, as i trust to be forgivenmyself.
mr ---," said he, addressing the first-lieutenant, "take thischild by the hand, and do not permit him to come forward--remember, heis the `king's own.'"
then, bowing to the chaplain, who had scarcelyrecovered from the effects that the scene had produced upon him, andlooking significantly at the provost-marshal, peters bent his stepsforward by the gangway--the noose was fastened--the gun fired, and, in amoment, all was over.
loud as was the report of the gun, those who were appointed to theunpleasant duty of running aft with the rope on the main-deck, whichswung peters to the yard-arm, heard a shriek that even that deafeningnoise could not overpower.
it was the soul of ellen joining that of herhusband--and, before the day closed, their bodies were consigned to thesame grave--  "where the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary are at rest."
lord of himself, that heritage of woe.
our novel may, to a certain degree, be compared to one of the pantomimeswhich rival theatres annually bring forth for the amusement of theholiday children.
we open with dark and solemn scenes, introducingoccasionally a bright image which appears with the greater lustre fromthe contrast around it; and thus we proceed, until harlequin is fairlyprovided with his wand, and despatched to seek his adventures by landand by sea.
to complete the parallel, the whole should wind up with ablaze of light and beauty, till our dazzled eyes are relieved, and theillusion disappears, at the fall of the green curtain, which, like the"finis" at the end of the third volume, tells us that all is over.
we must, however, be allowed to recapitulate a little in this chapter,previously to launching our hero upon the uncertain and boisterous seaof human life.
it will be necessary, for the correct development of thepiece, that the attention of the reader should be called to the historyof the grandfather of our hero.
admiral de courcy was the lineal descendant of an ancient and wealthyfamily, of high aristocratic connection.
he had the misfortune, at anearly age, to lose his father, to be an only child, and to have a veryweak and doting mother.
add to all these, that he was the heir to alarge entailed property, and the reader will acknowledge that even thebest disposed child stood a fair chance of being spoiled.
but young de courcy was not a well-disposed child; he was of a violent,headstrong, and selfish disposition, and was not easily to be checked bythe firmest hand.
he advanced to man's estate, the cruel tyrant of afond and foolish mother, and the dislike of all around him.
hisrestless disposition, backed by the persuasions of his mother to thecontrary, induced him to enter into the naval service.
at the time weare now describing, the name of the boy often appeared on the books of aman-of-war when the boy himself was at school or at home with hisfriends; if there were any regulations to the contrary, they were easilysurmounted by interest.
the consequence was that,--without anyknowledge of his profession, without having commenced his career bylearning to obey before he was permitted to command,--at the early ageof eighteen years, young de courcy was appointed captain of a finefrigate; and, as the power of a captain of a man-of-war was at that timealmost without limit, and his conduct without scrutiny, he had but toofavourable an opportunity of indulging his tyrannical propensities.
hiscaprice and violence were unbounded, his cruelty odious, and his shipwas designated by the sobriquet of _the hell afloat_.
there are, however, limits to the longest tether; and as no officerwould remain in the ship, and the desertion of the men became soextensive, that a fine frigate lay useless and unmanned, the governmentat last perceived the absolute necessity of depriving of command one whocould not command himself.
the ship was paid off, and even the interestof captain de courcy, powerful as it was, could not obtain furtheremployment for him.
having for some time been in possession of hislarge property, captain de courcy retired to the hall of his ancestors,with feelings of anger against the government, which his vindictivetemper prompted him to indulge by the annoyance of all around him; and,instead of diffusing joy and comfort by the expenditure of his wealth,he rendered himself odious by avarice,--a vice the more contemptible, asit was unexpected at so early an age.
but, much as he was an object of abhorrence, he was more an object ofpity.
with a handsome exterior, and with fascinating manners, of highbirth and connections, with a splendid fortune,--in short, with everysupposed advantage that the world could give,--he was, through theinjudicious conduct of a fond mother, whose heart he had broken, themost miserable of beings.
he was without society, for he was shunned bythe resident gentlemen in the neighbourhood.
even match-making mothers,with hearts indurated by interest, and with a string of tall daughtersto provide for, thought the sacrifice too great, and shuddered at analliance with captain de courcy.
avoided by the tenants of his largeestates, whose misfortunes met with no compassion, and whose inabilityto answer the demands of the rent-day were followed up with immediatedistress and seizure,--abhorred by his own household, who, if theirservices were not required, vanished at his approach, or, if summoned,entered the door of his room trembling,--he was an isolated and unhappybeing, a torment to himself and to others.
wise, indeed, was solomon,when he wrote, that "he who spared the rod spoiled the child."
the monotony of a life whose sole negative enjoyment consisted in thepersecution of others, induced captain de courcy to make occasionalexcursions to the different watering-places; and whether that, to acertain degree, he was schooled by banishment from society at home, orthat he had no opportunity of displaying his diabolical temper, hisprepossessing appearance and well-known riches made him a greatfavourite in these marts for beauty.
an amiable girl was unfortunateenough to fix his attention; and a hasty proposal was as hastilyaccepted by her friends, and quietly acquiesced in by herself.
shemarried, and was miserable, until released from her heedless engagementby death.
there are those who excuse a violent temper in a man, and consider it noobstacle to happiness in the marriage life.
alas, may they neverdiscover the fatal error in their own union!
even with the best-heartedand most fondly attached, with those who will lavish every endearment,acknowledge their fault, and make every subsequent effort to compensatefor the irritation of the moment, violence of temper must prove the baneof marriage bliss.
bitter and insulting expressions have escaped,unheeded at the time, and forgotten by the offending party; but,although forgiven, never to be forgotten by the other.
like barbedarrows, they have entered into the heart of her whom he had promisedbefore god to love and to cherish, and remain there they must, for theycannot be extracted.
affection may pour balm into the wounds and soothethem for a time, and, while love fans them with his soft wings, the heatand pain may be unperceived; but passion again asserts his empire, andupon his rude attack these ministering angels are forced from theiroffice of charity, and woman--kind, devoted woman--looks inwardly withdespair upon her wounded and festering heart.
hurried as she was to an early tomb, the unfortunate wife of captain decourcy had still time to present him with two fine boys, whose infantineendearments soothed his violence; and, as long as they showed no spiritof resistance, they were alternately fondled and frightened.
butchildren are not blind, and the scenes which continually occurredbetween their parents, the tears of their mother, and the remarks madein their presence by the domestics,--soon taught them to view theirfather with dread.
captain de courcy perceived that he was shunned byhis children, the only beings whom he had endeavoured (as far as histemper would permit) to attach to him.
they were dismissed to school ata very early age, and were soon treated by their father in the sameharsh manner as all those who had the misfortune to be under his banefulprotection.
they returned home at holiday time with regret, and therecommencement of their scholastic duties was a source of delight.
themother died, and all at home was desolate.
the violence of their fatherseemed to increase from indulgence; and the youths, who were verginginto manhood, proved that no small portion of the parent's fierydisposition had been transmitted to them, and showed a spirit ofresistance which ended in their ruin.
william, the eldest of the boys, was, as it were, by birthright, thefirst to fall a victim to his father's temper.
struck senseless andbleeding to the ground for some trifling indiscretion, as he layconfined to his bed for many subsequent days, he formed the resolutionof seeking his own fortune rather than submit to hourly degradation.
atthe period at which this occurred, many years previously to the one ofwhich we are now writing, the east india company had but a short timereceived its charter, and its directors were not the proud rulers whichthey have since become.
it never was calculated that a company,originally consisting of a few enterprising merchants, could ever haveestablished themselves (even by the most successful of mischievous arts)the controllers of an immense empire, independent of, and anomalous to,the constitution of england; or that privileges, granted to stimulatethe enterprise of individuals, would have been the ground of a monopoly,which, like an enormous incubus, should oppress the nation from thethrone to the cottage.
they gladly accepted the offers of alladventurers; and at that period there was as much eagerness on theirpart to secure the services of individuals, as there is now on the partof applicants to be enrolled on the books of the company.
william, without acquainting his father, entered into an engagement withthe company, signed it, and was shipped off, with many others, who, lessfortunate, had been nefariously kidnapped for the same destination.
hearrived in india, rose to the rank of captain, and fell in one of theactions that were fought at this time.
the letter which william left onthe table, directed to his father, informing him of the step he had beeninduced to take, was torn to atoms, and stamped upon with rage; and thebitter malediction of the parent was launched with dreadful vehemenceupon the truant son, in the presence of the one who remained.
and yet there was one man, before whom this haughty and vindictivespirit quailed, and who had the power to soften, although not wholly tocurb, his impetuosity, one who dared to tell him the truth, expose tohim the folly and wickedness of his conduct, and meet the angry flash ofhis eye with composure,--one whose character and office secured him frominsult, and who was neither to be frightened nor diverted from hispurpose of doing good.
it was the vicar of the parish, who, much as hedisliked the admiral (for captain de courcy had latterly obtained therank by seniority on the list), continued his visits to the hall, thathe might appeal for the unfortunate.
the admiral would willingly haveshaken him off, but his attempts were in vain.
the vicar was firm athis post, and often successfully pleaded the cause of his parishioners,who were most of them tenants of the admiral.
he was unassisted in hisparochial duties by the curate, a worthy, but infirm and elderly man,fast sinking into his grave, and whom, out of christian charity, hewould not remove from his situation, as it would have deprived him ofthe means of support.
edward, the younger brother, naturally sought that happiness abroadwhich was denied him at home.
the house of the curate was one of hismost favourite resorts, for the old man had a beautiful and onlydaughter,--poor ellen, whose fate we have just recorded.
it issufficient for the present narrative to state that these two youngpeople loved and plighted their troth; that for two years they met withjoy and parted with regret, until the approaching dissolution of the oldcurate opened their eyes to the dangerous position in which they wereplaced.
he died; and edward, who beheld her whom he loved thrownunprotected and penniless on the world, mustered up the courage ofdesperation to state to his father the wishes of his heart.
a peremptory order to leave the house, or abandon ellen, was theimmediate result; and the indignant young man quitted the roof, andpersuaded the unhappy and fond girl to unite herself to him byindissoluble ties, in a neighbouring parish, before the vicar hadpossession of the facts, or the opportunity to dissuade him from soimprudent a step.
he immediately proceeded to the hall, with a fainthope of appeasing the irritated parent; but his endeavours werefruitless, and the admiral poured forth his anathema against his onlychild.
edward now took his wife to a village some miles distant, where, bytheir mutual exertions, they contrived for some time to live upon theirearnings; but the birth of their first child, the hero of this tale, andthe expenses attending her sickness, forced him at last (when allappeals to his father proved in vain) to accept the high bounty that wasoffered for men to enter into his majesty's service, which he did underthe assumed name of edward peters.
i disclaim all my paternal care,  propinquity and property of blood.
the barbarous scythian,  or he that makes his generation messes  to gorge his appetite, shall to my bosom  be as well neighbour'd, pitied, and relieved,  as him.
in a lofty room, the wainscoting of which was of dark oak, with a highmantelpiece, elaborately carved in the same wood, with groups of deadgame and flowers, and a few choice pictures let into the panels,--uponan easy-chair, that once had been splendid with morocco and gold, sat aman of about fifty years of age; but his hair was grey, and his face wasindented with deep lines and furrows.
he was listening with impatienceto the expostulations of one who stood before him, and shifted hisposition from time to time, when more than usually annoyed with thesubject.
it was admiral de courcy, and the vicar of the parish, who waspersuading him to be merciful.
the subject of this discourse was, however, dismissed by the entrance ofa servant, who presented to the admiral, upon a large and massivesalver, a letter, brought, as he stated, by a seafaring man.
theadmiral lifted up his glasses to examine the superscription.
"from myworthless vagabond of a son!"
exclaimed he, and he jerked the letterinto the fire without breaking the seal.
"surely, sir," rejoined the vicar, "it would be but justice to hear whathe has to offer in extenuation of a fault, too severely punishedalready.
he is your only son, sir, and why not forgive one rash act?
recollect, sir, that he is the heir to this property, which, beingentailed, must of necessity devolve upon him."
"curses on the bare thought," answered the admiral, with vehemence.
"ihope to starve him first."
"may the almighty show more mercy to you, sir, when you are called toyour account, than you have shown to an imprudent and hasty child.
weare told that we are to forgive, if we hope to be forgiven.
admiral decourcy, it is my duty to ask you, do you expect (and if so, upon whatgrounds), to be forgiven yourself?"
the admiral looked towards the window, and made no reply.
the letter, which had been thrown into the grate, was not yet consumed.
it had lit upon a mass of not yet ignited coal, and lay there blackeningin the smoke.
the vicar perceived it, and, walking to the fireplace,recovered the letter from its perilous situation.
"if you do not choose to read it yourself, admiral--if you refuse tolisten to the solicitations of an only child, have you any objectionthat i should open the letter, and be acquainted with the presentcondition of a young man who, as you know, was always dear to me?"
"none, none," replied the admiral, sarcastically.
"you may read it, andkeep it too, if you please."
the vicar, without any answer to this remark, opened the letter, which,as the reader may probably imagine, was the one written by edward peterson the morning of his execution.
exclaimed the man of religion, as he sat down torecover from the shock he had received.--"unfortunate boy!"
the admiral turned round, astonished at the demeanour of the clergyman,and (it would appear) as if his conscience had pressed him hard, andthat he was fearful that his cruel wish, expressed but a few minutesbefore, had been realised.
he turned pale, but asked no questions.
after a short time the vicar rose, and, with a countenance of moreindignation than the admiral or others had ever seen, thus addressedhim:--"the time may come, sir,--nay, i prophesy that it _will_ come, when thecontents of this letter will cause you bitterly to repent your cruel andunnatural conduct to your son.
the letter itself, sir, i cannot intrustyou with.
in justice to others, it must not be put into your hands; andafter your attempt to commit it to the flames, and your observation thati might read and _keep it too_, i feel justified in retaining it.
acopy of it, if you please, i will send you, sir."
"i want neither copy nor original, nor shall i read them if you sendthem, good sir," answered the admiral, pale with anger.
"fare you well, then, sir.
may god turn your heart!"
so saying, the vicar left the room with a determination not to enter itagain.
his first inquiry was for the person who had brought the letter,and he was informed that he still waited in the hall.
it was old adams,who had obtained leave of absence for a few days, that he might fulfilthe last request of peters.
the clergyman here received a second shock,from the news of the death of poor ellen, and listened with the deepestinterest to adams's straightforward account of the whole catastrophe.
the first plan that occurred to the vicar was to send for the child, andtake charge of him himself; but this was negatived, not only by peters'sletter, but also by old adams, who stated his determination to retainthe child until claimed by legal authority.
after mature deliberation,he considered that the child would be as much under an allseeing eye onthe water as on the land, and that, at so early an age, he was probablyas well under the charge of a trustworthy old man like adams, as hewould be elsewhere.
he therefore requested adams to let him haveconstant accounts of the boy's welfare, and to apply to him for anyfunds that he might require for his maintenance; and, wishing the oldman farewell he set off for the vicarage, communing with himself as tothe propriety of keeping the circumstance of the boy's birth a secret,or divulging it to his grandfather, in the hopes of eventually inducinghim to acknowledge and to protect him.
to the seas presentlye went our lord admiral,  with knights couragious and captains full good;  the brave earl of essex, a prosperous general,  with him prepared to pass the salt flood.
at plymouth speedilye took they ship valiantlye,  braver ships never were seen under sayle,  with their fair colours spread, and streamers o'er their head:  now, bragging foemen, take heed of your tayle.
old ballad, 1596.many and various were the questions that were put by our little hero toadams and others, relative to the fate of his parents.
that they wereboth dead was all the information that he could obtain; for, to thehonour of human nature, there was not one man in a ship's companycomposed of several hundred, who had the cruelty to tell the child thathis father had been hanged.
it may, at first, appear strange to thereader, that the child himself was not aware of the fact, from what hehad witnessed on the morning of execution; but it must be recollectedthat he had never seen an execution before, and had therefore nothingfrom which to draw such an inference.
all he knew was, that his fatherwas on the quarter-deck, with a night-cap on, and that he told him thathe was going to sleep.
the death of his mother, whose body he was notpermitted to see, was quite as unintelligible, and the mystery whichenveloped the whole transaction added no little to the bereavement ofthe child, who, as i have before stated, from his natural talent andpeculiar education was far more reflective and advanced than childrenusually are.
adams returned to his little charge with pleasure: he had now a right toadopt the child, and consider him as his own.
in the ship, the boy wassuch an object of general sympathy, that not only many of the men, butsome of the officers, would gladly have taken him, and have brought himup.
the name of his father was, by general consent, never mentioned,especially as adams informed the officers and men that peters had been a"_purser's name_," adopted by the child's father, and that, although theclergyman had stated this, he had not intrusted him with the real namethat the child was entitled to bear.
as, therefore, our little hero wasnot only without parents, but without name, he was re-christened byadams by the cognomen of the "king's own," and by that title, or hischristian name, willy, was ever afterwards addressed, both by officersand men.
there is an elasticity supplied to the human mind by unerring wisdom,that enables us, however broken down by the pressure of misfortune, torecover our cheerfulness after a while, and resign ourselves to thedecrees of heaven.
it consoles the widow--it supports the bereavedlover, who had long dwelt upon anticipated bliss--it almost reconcilesto her lot the fond and forsaken girl, whose heart is breaking.
unusually oppressed as willy was, with the loss of those to whom he hadso fondly clung from his birth, in a few months he recovered his wontedspirits, and his cheeks again played with dimples, as his flashing eyebeamed from under his long eyelashes.
he attached himself to the oldquarter-master, and seldom quitted him--he slept in his hammock, hestood by his side when he was on deck, at his duty, steering the ship,and he listened to the stories of the good old man, who soon taught himto read and write.
for three years thus passed his life; at the end ofwhich period he had arrived at the age of nine years.
after a long monotony of blockade service, the ship was ordered to hoistthe flag of a commodore, who was appointed to the command of anexpedition against the western coast of france, to create a diversion infavour of the vendean chiefs.
captain a---, whether it was that he didnot like to receive a superior officer on board of his ship, or that hedid not admire the service upon which she was to be employed, obtainedpermission to leave his ship for a few months, for the restoration ofhis health, to the great joy of the officers and crew; and an actingcaptain of well-known merit, was appointed in his stead.
the squadron of men-of-war and transports was collected, the commodore'sflag hoisted, and the expedition sailed with _most secret_ orders,which, as usual, were as well known to the enemy, and everybody inengland, as they were to those by whom they were given.
it is thecharacteristic of our nation, that we scorn to take any unfairadvantage, or reap any benefit, by keeping our intentions a secret.
weimitate the conduct of that english tar, who, having entered a fort, andmeeting a spanish officer without his sword, being providentiallysupplied with two cut-lasses himself, immediately offered him one, thatthey might engage on fair terms.
the idea is generous, but not wise.
but i rather imagine that this wantof secrecy arises from all matters of importance being arranged bycabinet councils.
in the multitude of counsellors there may be wisdom,but there certainly is not secrecy.
twenty men have probably twentywives, and it is therefore twenty to one but the secret transpiresthrough that channel.
further, twenty men have twenty tongues; and muchas we complain of women not keeping secrets, i suspect that men deservethe odium of the charge quite as much, if not more, than women do.
onthe whole, it is forty to one against secrecy, which, it must beacknowledged, are long odds.
on the arrival of the squadron at the point of attack, a few more dayswere thrown away,--probably upon the same generous principle of allowingthe enemy sufficient time for preparation.
troops had been embarked,with the intention of landing them, to make a simultaneous attack withthe shipping.
combined expeditions are invariably attended with delay,if not with disagreement.
an officer commanding troops, who if oncelanded, would be as decided in his movements as lord wellington himself,does not display the same decision when out of his own element.
fromhis peculiar situation on board,--his officers and men distributed indifferent ships,--the apparent difficulties of debarkation, easilyremedied, and despised by sailors, but magnified by landsmen,--from thegreat responsibility naturally felt in a situation where he must trustto the resources of others, and where his own, however great, cannot becalled into action,--he will not decide without much demur upon thesteps to be taken; although it generally happens, that the adviceoriginally offered by the naval commandant has been acceded to.
unlessthe military force required is very large, marines should invariably beemployed, and placed under the direction of the naval commander.
after three or four days of _pros_ and _cons_, the enemy had completedhis last battery, and as there was then no rational excuse left forlonger delay, the debarkation took place, without any serious loss onour side, except that of one launch, full of the --- regiment, which wascut in halves by the enemy's shot.
the soldiers, as they sank in thewater, obeyed the orders of the sergeant, and held up theircartouch-boxes, that they might not be wetted two seconds sooner thannecessary,--held fast their muskets,--and, without stirring from thegunnels of the boat, round which they had been stationed, went down inas good order as could be expected, each man at his post, with hisbayonet fixed.
the sailors, not being either so heavily caparisoned orso well drilled, were guilty of a _sauve qui peut_, and were picked upby other boats.
the officer of the regiment stuck to his men, and it isto be hoped that he marched the whole of his brave detachment to heaven,as he often had before to church.
but we must leave the troops to formon the beach as well as they can, and the enemy's shot will permit, andretire on board.
the commodore's arrangement had been punctually complied with.
theships that were directed to cover the landing of the troops, knockeddown many of the enemy, and not a great many more of our own men.
thestations of the other ships were taken with a precision deserving of thehighest encomiums; and there is no doubt, that, had not the enemy hadthe advantage of stone walls, they must have had the worst of it, andwould have been well beaten.
the commodore himself, of course, took the post of honour.
anchoredwith springs on his cables, he alternately engaged a heavy battery onhis starboard bows, a much heavier, backed by a citadel, throwingshells, on his beam, and a masked battery on his quarter, which he hadnot reckoned upon.
the latter was rather annoying, and the citadelthrew shells with most disagreeable precision.
he had almost as much todo as lord exmouth at algiers, although the result was not so fortunate.
a ship engaging at anchor, with very little wind, and that wind lulledby the percussion of the air from the report of the guns, as it alwaysis, has the disadvantage of not being able to disengage herself of thesmoke, which rapidly accumulates and stagnates as it were between thedecks.
under these circumstances you repeatedly hear the order passedupon the main and lower deck of a line-of-battle ship, to point the gunstwo points abaft the beam, point-blank, and so on.
in fact, they are asmuch in the dark as to the external objects, as if they wereblindfolded; and the only comfort to be derived from this seriousinconvenience, is, that every man is so isolated from his neighbour thathe is not put in mind of his own danger by witnessing the death of thosearound him, for they may fall three or four feet from him without hisperceiving it:--so they continued to fire as directed, until they areeither sent down to the cock-pit themselves, or have a momentary respitefrom their exertions, when, choked with smoke and gunpowder, they go aftto the scuttle-butt, to remove their parching thirst.
so much for thelower and main deck.
we will now ascend to the quarter-deck, where weshall find old adams at the conn, and little willy standing behind him.
the smoke is not so thick here, but that you may perceive the commodoreon the poop, walking a step or two to star-board, and then turning shortround to port.
he is looking anxiously through his glass at theposition of the troops, who are ashore to storm the batteries, hoping tosee a diversion in our favour made by them, as the affair becomesserious.
by a singular coincidence, the commandant of the troops onshore is, with his telescope, looking anxiously at the shipping, hopingthe same thing from the exertions of the navy.
the captain of marineslies dead upon the poop; both his legs have been shot off by a spentshot--he is left there, as no surgeon can help him; and there are twosignalmen lying dead alongside him.
on the hammock-nettings of the quarter-deck stands the acting captain ofthe ship, erect, and proud in bearing, with an eye of defiance and scornas he turns towards the enemy.
his advice was disregarded; but he doeshis duty proudly and cheerfully.
he is as cool and unconcerned as if hewere watching the flying fish as they rise from the bows of the ship,when running down the tropics, instead of the enemy's shot, as theysplash in the water alongside, or tear open the timbers of the vessel,and the bodies of his crew.
the men still ply their half-manned guns;but they are exhausted with fatigue, and the bloody deck proves thatmany have been dismissed from their duty.
the first-lieutenant ismissing; you will find him in the cock-pit--they have just finishedtaking up the arteries of his right arm, which has been amputated; andthe scotch surgeon's assistant, who for many months bewailed the want ofpractice, and who, for having openly expressed his wishes on thatsubject, had received a sound thrashing from the exasperated midshipmen,is now complimenting the fainting man upon the excellent stump that theyhave made for him: while fifty others, dying or wounded, with as muchvariety as homer's heroes, whose blood, trickling from them in severalrivulets, pours into one general lake at the lowest level of the deck,are anxiously waiting their turn, and distract the purser's steward bytheir loud calls, in every direction at the same time for the tin-pot ofwater, with which he is relieving their agonising thirst.
a large shark is under the counter; he is so gorged with human flesh,that he can scarcely move his tail in the tinged water; and he now hearsthe sullen plunges of the bodies, as they are launched through thelower-deck port, with perfect indifference.
what a gloriousthing's a battle!"
but to return to our particular narrative.
as we mentioned before, thecitadel threw shells with remarkable precision, and every man who hadbeen killed on the quarter-deck of the commodore's ship, towards whichthe attention of the enemy was particularly directed, had been laid lowby these horrible engines of modern warfare.
the action stillcontinued, although the fire on both sides had evidently slackened, andthe commodore's glass had at several intervals been fruitlessly directedtowards the troops on shore, when accident brought about a change infavour of our countrymen.
through some unknown cause, the magazine ofthe enemy's largest battery exploded, and buried the fabric with itstenants in one mass of ruin.
the enemy were panic-struck with theirmisfortune--our troops and sailors inspired with fresh courage--and thefire was recommenced with three cheers and redoubled vigour.
the troopspushed on, and succeeded in taking possession of the masked battery,which had so long and so effectually raked the commodore.
a few minutes after this had occurred, the citadel recommenced its fire,and a shell, descending with that terrific hissing peculiar to itselfalone, struck the main-bitts on the quarter deck, and, rolling aft,exploded.
its fragments scattered death around, and one piece took thehat off the head of little willy, who was standing before adams, andthen buried itself in the old man's side.
he staggered forward, andfell on the coils of rope, near the companion-hatch; and when the mencame to assist him below, the pain of moving was so intense, that herequested to be left where he was, that he might quietly breathe hislast.
willy sat down beside his old friend, holding his hand.--"a littlewater, boy--quick, quick!"
it was soon procured by the active andaffectionate child; who, indifferent to the scene around him, thoughtonly of administering to the wants, and alleviating the misfortune, ofhis dearest friend.
adams, after he had drunk, turned his head round,apparently revived, and said, in a low and catching voice, as if hispowers were fast escaping, "willy, your father's name was not peters--ido not know what it was; but there is a person who does, and who takesan interest in your welfare--he lives in--"at this moment another shell bounded through the rigging, and fellwithin a few feet of the spot where willy and old adams were speaking.
willy, who was seated on a coil of rope, supporting the head of hisbenefactor, no sooner perceived the shell as it rolled towards the side,with its fuse pouring out a volume of smoke, than, recollecting theeffects of the former explosion, rather than the danger of the attempt;he ran towards it, and not being able to lift it, sank down on hisknees, and, with astonishing agility, succeeded in rolling it overboard,out of the larboard entering-port, to which it was near.
the shellplunged into the water, and, before it had descended many feet, explodedwith a concussion that was communicated to the ship fore and aft.
ourhero then resumed his station by the side of adams, who had witnessedwhat had taken place.
"you have begun well, my boy," said the old man, faintly.
"there'sne'er a man in the ship would have done it.
kiss me, boy."
the child leaned over the old man, and kissed his cheek, clammy with thedews of death.
adams turned a little on one side, uttered a low groan,and expired.
now dash'd upon the billow,  our opening timbers creak,  each fears a watery pillow.
...  to cling to slippery shrouds  each breathless seaman crowds,  as she lay  till the day  in the bay of biscay o!
as it will only detain the narrative, without being at all necessary forits development, i shall not dwell upon the results of the engagement,which was soon after decided, with very indifferent success on our side.
the soldiers were re-embarked, the ships hauled out of reach of theenemy's guns, and a council of war summoned--on which it was agreed,_nem con_, that no more was to be done.
the despatches were sent home--they certainly differed a little, but that was of no consequence.
thesum total of killed and wounded was excessively gratifying to thenation, as it proved that there had been hard fighting.
by-the-bye,john bull is rather annoying in this respect: he imagines that no actioncan be well fought unless there is a considerable loss.
having no othermethod of judging of the merits of an action, he appreciates itaccording to the list of killed and wounded.
a merchant _in toto_, hecomputes the value of an object by what it has cost him, and imaginesthat what is easily and cheaply obtained cannot be of much value.
theknowledge of this peculiar mode of reasoning on his part, has very ofteninduced officers to put down very trifling _contusions_, such as aprize-fighter would despise, to swell up the sum total of the loss tothe aggregate of the honest man's expectations.
as usual in cases of defeat, a small degree of accusationand recrimination took place.
the army thought that the navy might havebeaten down stone ramparts, ten feet thick; and the navy wondered whythe army had not walked up the same ramparts, which were thirty feetperpendicular.
some of the ships accused others of not having had asufficient number of men killed and wounded; and the boats' crews,whenever they met on shore, fought each other desperately, as if it wereabsolutely necessary, for the honour of the country, that more bloodshould be spilt.
but this only lasted three weeks, when a moresuccessful attempt made them all shake hands, and wonder what they hadbeen squabbling about.
there was, however, one circumstance, which occurred during the action,that had not been forgotten.
it had been witnessed by the actingcaptain of the ship, and had been the theme of much comment andadmiration among the officers and men.
this was the daring feat of ourlittle hero, in rolling the shell over the side.
captain m--- (the newcommander), as soon as his more important avocations would permit, madeinquiries among the officers (being himself a stranger in the ship),relative to willy.
his short but melancholy history was soon told; andthe disconsolate boy was summoned from under the half-deck, where he satby the body of adams, which, with many more, lay sewed up in hishammock, and covered over with the union-jack, waiting for the evening,to receive the rites of christian burial, before being committed to thedeep.
knowing that adams had been his only protector, a feeling of compassionfor the bereaved and orphan boy, and admiration of his early tokens ofbravery, induced captain m---, who never formed a resolution in haste,or abandoned it if once formed, to take the boy under his ownprotection, and to place him as an officer on that quarter-deck uponwhich he had so distinguished himself.
willy, in obedience to ordersreceived, stood by the captain, with his hat in his hand.
"what is your name, my boy?"
said the captain, passing a scrutinisingglance over his upright and well-proportioned figure.
"and what's your other name?"
"king's own, sir."
this part of the boy's history was now explained by thesecond-lieutenant, who was in command, in consequence of thefirst-lieutenant being wounded.
"he must have a name," replied the captain.
"william king's own willnot do.
is he on the books?"
"no, sir, he is not; shall i put him down as william jones, or williamsmith?"
"no, no, those are too common.
the boy has neither father, mother, norname, that we know of: as we may, therefore, have a choice of the latterfor him, let it be a good one.
i have known a good name make a man'sfortune with a novel reading girl.
there is a romance in the boy'shistory; let him have a name somewhat romantic also."
"ay, ay, sir," replied the lieutenant--"here, marine, tell my boy tobring up one of the volumes of the novel in my cabin."
the book made its appearance on the quarter-deck.
"perhaps, sir, we mayfind one here," said the lieutenant, presenting the book to the captain.
the captain smiled as he took the book.
"let us see," said he, turningover the leaves--"`delamere!'
that's too puppyish.
yes, that will do.
it's not too fine, yetaristocratic and pretty.
desire mr hinchen, the clerk, to enter him onthe books as mr william seymour, midshipman.
and now, youngster, iwill pay for your outfit, and first year's mess: after which i hope yourpay and prize-money will be sufficient to enable you to supportyourself.
be that as it may, as long as you do credit to my patronage,i shall not forget you."
willy, with his straw hat in one hand, and a supererogatory touch of hiscurly hair with the other, made a scrape with his left leg, after themanner and custom of seafaring people--in short, he made the best bowthat he could, observing the receipt that had been given him by hisdeparted friend adams.
d'egville might have turned up his nose at it;but captain m--- was perfectly satisfied; for, if not an elegant, itcertainly was a grateful bow.
our young officer was not sent down to mess in the berth of themidshipmen.
his kind and considerate captain was aware, that a lad whocreeps in at the hawse-holes--i.e., is promoted from before the mast,was not likely to be favourably received in the midshipmen's mess,especially by that part of the community who, from their obscureparentage, would have had least reason to complain.
he was thereforeconsigned to the charge of the gunner.
sincere as were the congratulations of the officers and men, willy wasso much affected with the loss of his fond guardian, that he receivedthem with apathy, and listened to the applause bestowed upon his couragewith tears that flowed from the remembrance of the cause which hadstimulated him to the deed.
at the close of the day, he saw the body ofhis old friend committed to the deep, with quivering lips and achingbrow,--and, as it plunged into the clear wave, felt as if he was leftalone in the world, and had no one to love and to cling to.
we do not give children credit for the feelings which they possess,because they have not, at their early age, acquired the power oflanguage to express them correctly.
treat a child as you would anequal, and, in a few months, you will find that the reason of his havinguntil then remained childish, was because he had heretofore been treatedas a being of inferior capacity and feelings.
true it is, that at anearly age, the feelings of children are called forth by what we consideras trifles; but we must recollect, in humility, that our own pursuitsare as vain, as trifling, and as selfish--"we are but children of alarger growth."
the squadron continued to hover on the french coast, with a view ofalarming the enemy, and of making a more fortunate attempt, ifopportunity occurred.
early in the morning of the fourth day afterwilly had been promoted to the quarter-deck, a large convoy of_chasse-marees_ (small coasting vessels, lugger-rigged) were discoveredrounding a low point, not three miles from the squadron.
a generalsignal to chase was immediately thrown out, and in half an hour theenglish men-of-war were in the midst of them, pouring broadside afterbroadside upon the devoted vessels, whose sails were lowered in everydirection, in token of submission.
the english men-of-war reminded youof so many hawks, pouncing upon a flight of small birds; and thevessels, with their lowered sails just flapping with the breeze, seemedlike so many victims of their rapacity, who lay fluttering on theground, disabled, or paralysed with terror.
many escaped into shoalwater, others ran ashore, some were sunk, and about twenty takenpossession of by the ships of the squadron.
they proved to be part of aconvoy, laden with wine, and bound to the garonne.
one of the _chasse-marees_, being a larger vessel than the rest, andladen with wine of a better quality, was directed by the commodore to besent to england; the casks of wine on board of the others were hoistedinto the different ships, and distributed occasionally to the crews.
captain m--- thought that the departure of the prize to england would bea favourable opportunity to send our hero to receive his outfit, as hecould not well appear on the quarter-deck as an officer without hisuniform.
he therefore directed the master's mate, to whose charge theprize was about to be confided, to take william with him, and wrote tohis friends at portsmouth, whither the vessel was directed to proceed,to fit him out with the requisite articles, and send him back by thefirst ship that was directed to join the squadron.
the prize wasvictualled, the officer received his written orders, was put on boardwith our hero and three men, and parted company with the squadron.
the master's-mate, who was directed to take the vessel to portsmouth,was the spurious progeny of the first-lieutenant of a line-of-battleship, and a young woman who attended the bum-boat, which supplied theship's company with necessaries and luxuries, if they could afford topay for them.
the class of people who obtain their livelihood by thesemeans, and who are entirely dependent upon the navy for theirsubsistence, are naturally anxious to secure the good-will of thecommanding officers of the ships, and usually contrive to have on theirestablishment a pretty-looking girl, who, although very reserved to thejunior officers of the ship, is all smiles to the first-lieutenant, andwill not stand upon trifles for the benefit of her employer.
beauty formen--gold for women!
such are the glittering baits employed, in thisworld, to entice either sex from the paths of duty or discretion.
the service was indebted to this species of bribery for the officer inquestion.
the interest of his supposed father was sufficient to put himon the quarter-deck; and the profits of his mother, who, having dulyserved her apprenticeship, had arrived to the dignity of bumboat womanherself, and was a fat, comely matron of about forty years of age, weremore than sufficient to support him in his inferior rank.
his educationand natural abilities were not, however, of that class to procure himeither friends or advancement; and he remained in the capacity ofmaster's-mate, and was likely long to continue so, unless some suchevent as a general action should include him in a promotion which wouldbe regulated by seniority.
he was a mean-looking, vulgar little man,with a sharp face and nose--the latter very red, from the constantpotations of not only his own allowance, but of that of every youngsterin the ship whom he could bully or cajole.
his greatest pride and his constant study was "slang," in which he wasno mean proficient.
he always carried in his pocket a colt (i.e.
a footand a half of rope, knotted at one end, and whipped at the other), forthe benefit of the youngsters, to whom he was a most inordinate tyrant.
he could judge a day's work, which he sent in with the rest of themidshipmen, and which proofs of theoretical knowledge of theirprofession were in those days little attended to; but he was veryignorant, and quite unfit to take charge of any vessel.
captain m---,who, as we before stated, had joined the ship as acting captain, and hadnot had time to ascertain the merits or demerits of the officers, hadgiven the prize to his charge because he was the senior mate of theship.
the prize had scarcely trimmed her sails and shaped her course, when mrbullock, the master's-mate, called our hero to him, and addressed him inthe following elegant phraseology:--"now, you rebellious spawn--touch your hat, you young whelp,"--(knockingoff poor willy's only hat, which flew to leeward, and wentoverboard)--"mind what i say, for i mean to be as good as a father toyou.
you're not an officer yet--and if you were, it would be all thesame--so no capers, no airs.
you see i've only three men in the vesselbesides myself; they are in three watches; so your duty will be toattend to me in the cabin.
you'll mull my claret--i always drinks anoggin every half-hour to keep the wind out, and if it an't ready andan't good--do you see this?"
--(taking the colt out of his pocket.)
"stop, you'd better feel it at once, and then, when you knows what thetaste of it is, you'll take care how you're slack in stays."
so saying,he administered three or four hearty cuts on the back and shoulders ofour hero, who had been sufficiently drilled into the manners and customsof a man-of-war, to know the value of the proverb, "the least said, thesoonest mended."
a spigot had been already inserted into one of the casks of claret whichwere lashed on deck; and, as the small vessel was very uneasy in theheavy swell of the bay of biscay, our hero had sufficient employment inwatching the pot of claret, and preventing it from being upset by themotion of the vessel, as it was constantly heating on the stove in thecabin.
this potation was regularly presented by willy every half-hour,as directed, to his commanding officer, who, if it was too sweet, or notsweet enough, or if he could not drink the whole, invariably, and muchto the annoyance of our hero, threw the remainder into his face, tellinghim that was his share of it.
this arrangement continued in full force for three days and threenights--for willy was roused up five or six times every night toadminister the doses of mulled claret which mr bullock had prescribedfor himself, who seemed, thin and meagre as he was, to be somewhat likea bamboo in his structure (i.e.
hollow from top to bottom), as if toenable him to carry the quantity of fluid that he poured down his throatduring the twenty-four hours.
as for intoxicating him, that appeared tobe impossible: from long habit, he seemed to be like a stiff ship thatcareened to her bearings, and would sooner part company with her maststhan heel any further.
on the fourth day, a strong gale sprang up from the north-west, and thesea ran very high.
the _chasse-maree_, never intended to encounter thehuge waves of the bay of biscay, but to crawl along the coast and seekprotection from them on the first indication of their fury,--labouringwith a heavy cargo, not only stowed below, but on the decks,--was notsufficiently buoyant to rise on the summits of the waves, which made aclean breach over her, and the men became exhausted with the wet and theinclemency of the season.
on the third day of the gale, and seventhsince they had parted company with the fleet, a squall brought themainmast by the board; the foresail was lowered to close-reef, when aheavy sea struck the vessel, and pouring a torrent over her decks, sweptoverboard the three men who were forward reefing the sail.
mr bullock,the master's mate, was at the helm--willy, as usual, down below,attending the mulled claret, which had been more than ever in requestsince the bad weather had come on.
the mate quitted the helm, and ran forward to throw a rope to the seamenwho were struggling in the water with the wreck to leeward.
he threwone, which was seized by two of them (the other had sunk); and as soonas they had hold of it and it became _taut_ from their holding on, heperceived to his dismay that he had stood in the remaining part of thecoil, and that it had encircled itself several times round his body, sothat the men were hauling him overboard.
"let go, let go, or i'moverboard!"
was a useless exclamation to drowning men; they held on, andthe mate too held on by the rigging for his life,--the efforts of thedrowning men dragging him at last from off his legs, and keeping hisbody in a horizontal position, as they hauled at his feet, and he clungin desperation to the lee-shrouds.
"willy, willy, a knife--quick,quick!"
roared the mate in his agony.
willy, who, hearing his namecalled, and followed up by the "quick, quick," had no idea that anythingbut the mulled claret could demand such unusual haste, stopped a fewseconds to throw in the sugar and stir it round before he answered thesummons.
he then started up the hatchway with the pot in his hand.
but these few seconds had decided the fate of mr bullock, and aswilly's head appeared up the hatchway, so did that of mr bullockdisappear as he sank into a grave so dissonant to his habits.
he hadbeen unable to resist any longer the united force of the drowning men,and willy was just in time to witness his submersion, and find himselfmore destitute than ever.
holding on by the shroud with one hand, withthe pot of mulled claret in the other, willy long fixed his eyes on thespot where his tyrannical shipmate had disappeared from his sight, and,forgetting his persecution, felt nothing but sorrow for his loss.
another sea, which poured over the decks of the unguided vessel, rousedhim from his melancholy reverie, and he let go the pot, to cling withboth hands to the rigging as the water washed over his knees,--then,seizing a favourable opportunity, he succeeded in regaining the cabin ofthe vessel, where he sat down and wept bitterly--bitterly for the lossof the master's mate and men, for he had an affectionate and kindheart--bitterly for his own forlorn and destitute situation.
old adamshad not forgotten to teach him to say his prayers, and willy had beenaccustomed to read the bible, which the old man explained to the best ofhis ability.
the vessel laboured and groaned as she was buffeted by thewaves--the wind howled, and the sea struck her trembling sides andpoured over her deck.
in the midst of this wild discord of theelements, the small voice of the kneeling child, isolated from the restof the world, and threatened soon to be removed from it, was not unheardor unheeded by an omniscient and omnipotent god, who has said that not asparrow should fall to the ground without his knowledge, and has pointedout of how much more value are we than many sparrows.
willy ended his devotions and his tears; and, feeling wet and cold,recollected that what would warm his departed friend the mate, wouldprobably have the same effect upon him.
he crawled up thecompanion-hatch with another tin pot, and having succeeded in obtainingsome wine from the cask, returned to the cabin.
having warmed it overthe fire, and sugared it according to the well-practised receipt of mrbullock, he drank more of it than, perhaps, in any other situation, hewould have done, and, lying down in the standing bed-place at the sideof the cabin, soon fell into a sound sleep.
and there he went ashore without delay,  having no custom-house nor quarantine  to ask him awkward questions on the way,  about the time and place where he had been:  he left his ship to be hove down next day.
the prize vessel, at the time when she carried away her masts, hadgained considerably to the northward of ushant, although the master'smate, from his ignorance of his profession, was not aware of the fact.
the wind, which now blew strongly from the north west, drove theshattered bark up the channel, at the same time gradually nearing her tothe french coast.
after twenty-four hours' driving before the storm,during which willy never once awoke from his torpor, the vessel was notmany leagues from the port of cherbourg.
it was broad daylight when ourhero awoke; and after some little time necessary to chase away the vivideffects of a dream, in which he fancied himself to be on shore, walkingin the fields with his dear mother, he recollected where he was, and howhe was situated.
he ascended the companion-ladder, and looked aroundhim.
the wind had nearly spent its fury, and was subsiding fast; butthe prospect was cheerless--a dark wintry sky and rolling sea, andnothing living in view except the sea-bird that screamed as it skimmedover the white tops of the waves.
the mizen of the vessel was stillhoisted up, but the sheet had disengaged itself from the belaying-pin,and the sail had been rent from the bolt-rope by the storm.
part of itwas blown away, and the rest, jagged and tattered at its extremities,from constant buffeting, flapped "mournfully to and fro" with the heavyrolling of the vessel.
willy, holding only the companion-hatch, scanned the horizon in everypoint of the compass, in hopes of succour, but for a long while in vain.
at last his keen eye detected a small vessel, under a singleclose-reefed sail, now rising on the tops of the waves, now disappearingin the deep trough of the sea.
she was sloop-rigged, and running downtowards him.
in a quarter of an hour she had neared to within a mile, and willyperceived, with delight, that the people were on deck, and occasionallypointing towards him.
he ran down below, and opening the chest of mrbullock, which was not locked, took a liberty which he would never havedared to contemplate during that worthy officer's lifetime, viz., thatof putting forth one of his two best white shirts, reserved for specialoccasions.
this he took on deck, made it fast to a boat-hook staff, andhoisted as a signal of distress.
he did also mechanically lift his handto his head with the intention of waving his hat, but he was reminded,by not finding it there, that it had been the first votive offeringwhich had been made to appease the implacable deities presiding over thewinds and waves.
the vessel closed with him, hove-to to windward, and,after some demur, a small boat, capable of holding three persons, washoisted over the gunnel, and two hands, jumping into her, rowed underthe stern of the wreck.
"you must jump, my lad--there's no going alongside a craft, without anysail to steady her, in such a sea as this.
don't be afraid.
we'll pickyou up."
willy, who had little fear in his composition, although he could notswim, leaped from the taffrail of the vessel into the boiling surge, andimmediately that he rose to the surface was rescued by the men, who,seizing him by the waistband of the trousers, hauled him into the boat,and threw him down in the bottom under the thwarts.
then, withoutspeaking, they resumed their oars, and pulled to the other vessel, onboard of which they succeeded in establishing our hero and themselves,although the boat was stove in the attempt, and cast adrift as useless.
willy's teeth chattered, and his whole frame trembled with the cold, ashe went aft to the captain of the sloop, who was sitting on deck wrappedup in a rough white great-coat, with his pipe in his mouth.
the captainwas a middle-sized, slightly-made young man, apparently not more thantwenty-five years old.
his face was oval, with a remarkably pleasingexpression; his eye small and brilliant; and, notwithstanding theroughness of his outward attire, there was a degree of precision in thearrangement of his hair and whiskers, which proved that with himneatness was habitual.
he had a worsted mitten on his left hand; theright, which held his pipe, was bare, and remarkably white and small.
perceiving the situation of the boy, he called to one of the men--"here,phillips, take this poor devil down, and put something dry on him, andgive him a glass of brandy; when he's all right again, we'll find outfrom him how he happened to be adrift all by himself, like a bear in awashing-tub.
there, go along with phillips, boy."
"he's of the right sort," said one of the men who had brought him onboard, casting his eyes in the direction of our hero, who was descendingthe companion: "i thought so when i see'd him have his wits about him tohoist the signal.
he made no more of jumping overboard than anewfoundland dog--never stopped two seconds to think on't."
"we shall soon see what he is made of;" replied the captain, relightinghis pipe, which had been allowed to go out during the time that theywere rescuing willy and the men from the boat when she returned.
willy was soon provided with more comfortable clothing; and whether itwas or was not from a whim of phillips's, who had been commissioned torig him out, he appeared on deck the very picture of the animal which hehad been compared to by the sailor.
thick woollen stockings, which werelonger than both his legs and thighs, a pair of fisherman's well-greasedboots, a dark guernsey frock that reached below his knees, and a roughpea-jacket that descended to his heels, made him appear much broaderthan he was high.
a red woollen nightcap completed his attire, which,although anything but elegant, was admirably calculated to assist thebrandy in restoring the circulation.
"here he is, captain, _all a-tanto_, but not very neat," said phillips,shoving willy up the hatchway, for he was so encumbered with the weightof his new apparel that he never could have ascended withoutassistance--"i have stowed away some spirits in his hold, and he nolonger beats the devil's tattoo with his grinders."
"now, my lad," said the captain, taking his pipe out of his mouth, "tellme what's your name, what you are, and how you came to be adrift in thatbarky?
tell me the truth--be honest, always be honest, it's the bestpolicy."
now, it rather unfortunately happened for willy, that these two firstquestions were rather difficult for him to answer.
he told his storywith considerable hesitation--believed his name was seymour--believed hewas a midshipman.
he was listened to without interruption by thecaptain and crew of the vessel, who had gathered round to hear him "spinhis yarn."
when he had finished, the captain, looking willy very hardin the face, thus addressed him:--"my little friend, excuse me, but ihave some slight knowledge of the world, and i therefore wish that youhad not forgotten the little advice i gave you, as a caution, before youcommenced your narrative.
did not i say _be honest_?
you _believe_ youare an officer, _believe_ your name to be seymour.
i tell you, my lad,in return, that i don't believe a word that you say; but, however,that's of no consequence.
it requires reflection to tell a lie, and ihave no objection to a little invention, or a little caution withstrangers.
all that about the battle was very clever; but still, dependupon it honesty's the best policy.
when we are better acquainted, isuppose we shall have the truth from you.
i see the land on thelee-bow--we shall be into cherbourg in an hour, when i expect we shallcome to a better understanding."
the _sainte vierge_, for such was the name of the vessel, which smeltmost insufferably of gin, and, as our readers may probably haveanticipated, was a smuggler, running between cherbourg and the englishcoast, soon entered the port, and, having been boarded by the officersof the douane (who made a very proper distinction between smuggling fromand to their own territories) came to an anchor close to the mole.
assoon as the vessel was secured, the captain went below, and in a fewminutes reappearing, dressed in much better taste than one-half of thesaunterers in bond-street, went on shore to the cabaret where he usuallytook up his quarters, taking with him our hero, whose strange attire, sopeculiarly contrasted with that of the captain's, was a source of greatamusement to the sailors and other people who were assembled on thequay.
"_ah, mon capitaine, charme de vous revoir.
buvons un coup, n'est-cepas_?"
said the proprietor of the cabaret, presenting a bottle of primefrench brandy, and a liquor glass, to the captain, as he entered.
"_heureux voyage, n'est-ce pas, monsieur_?"
"_ca va bien_," replied the captain, throwing the glass of liquor downhis throat.
"my apartments, if you please, and a bed for this lad.
tell mr beaujou, the slopseller, to come here directly with someclothes for him.
is captain debriseau here?"
"he is, sir,--lost all his last cargo--obliged to throw over in deepwater."
"never mind: he ran the two before--he can afford it."
"ah, but captain debriseau is in a very bad humour, nevertheless.
hecalled me an old cheat this morning--_c'est incroyable_."
"well, present my compliments to him, and say that i request the honourof his company, if he is not otherwise engaged.
the landlord of the cabaret ushered the captain of the sloop and ourhero, with many profound bows, into a low dark room, with only onewindow, the light from which was intercepted by a high wall, not fourfeet distant.
the floor was paved with tiles, the table was deal, notvery clean, and the whitewashed walls were hung around with stiffdrawings of several smuggling vessels, whose superior sailing andconsequent good fortune had rendered them celebrated in the port ofcherbourg.
the straw had been lighted under some logs of wood on thehearth, which as yet emitted more smoke than flame: a few chairs, an oldbattered sofa, and an upright press, completed the furniture.
"i knew your beautiful sloop long before she came in--there's nomistaking her; and i ordered the apartment _de monsieur_ to be prepared.
_c'est un joli apartement, n'est-ce pas, monsieur_?
withsome forbearance, but with great judgment, the beauty of the prospectwas not expatiated upon by the obsequious landlord.
"it will do to smoke and eat in, monsieur picardon, and that is all thati require.
now bring pipes and tobacco, and take my message to captaindebriseau."
the latter gentlemen and the pipes were ushered in at the same moment.
"mcelvina, my dear fellow, i am glad to see that you have had betterluck than i have had this last trip.
curses on the cutter.
_sacristie_," continued captain debriseau, who was a native of guernsey,"the wind favoured her three points after we were about, or i shouldhave doubled him--ay, and have doubled the weight of the leathern bagtoo.
_sacre nom de dieu_," continued he, grinding his teeth, andpulling a handful of hair out of his rough head, which could have sparedas much as absalom used to poll--"_que ca me fait bisquer_."
laissez aller, mon ami_--sit down and take a pipe," rejoined ourcaptain.
"this is but pettifogging work at the best: it won't pay forthe means of resistance.
my lugger will be ready in may, and then i'llsee what a revenue cutter is made of.
i was at ostend last christmas,and saw her.
by jove, she's a beauty!
she was planked above thewatermark then, and must be nearly ready for launching by this time.
i'll pass through the race but once more; then adieu to dark nights andsouth-west gales--and huzza for a row of teeth, with the will, as wellas the power, to bite.
sixteen long nines, my boy!"
"quick returns, though, quick returns, messmate," answered debriseau,referring to the cherbourg system of smuggling, which, being his ownmeans of livelihood, he did not like to hear disparaged.
for the benefit of those who have no objection to unite a littleinformation with amusement, i shall here enter into a few remarksrelative to the smuggling carried on between the port of cherbourg andour own coast,--premising that my readers have my entire approbation toskip over a page or two, if they are not anxious to know anything aboutthese nefarious transactions.
the port of cherbourg, from its central situation, is better adaptedthan any other in france for carrying on this trade with the southerncoast of england.
the nearest port to it, and at which, therefore, thesmuggling is principally carried on, is the bill of portland, near tothe fashionable watering-place of weymouth.
the vessels employed in this contraband trade, of which gin is thestaple commodity, are generally small luggers or sloops, from forty tosixty tons burthen.
in fine summer weather, row-boats are occasionallyemployed; but as the _run_ is only of twenty-four hours' duration, thedark nights and south-west gales are what are chiefly depended upon.
these vessels are not armed with an intention to resist; if they areperceived by the cruisers or revenue vessels before they arrive on theenglish coast, and are pursued, they are obliged (if not able to escape,from superior sailing) to throw over their cargo in "deep water," and itis lost.
the cargo is thrown overboard to avoid the penalty andimprisonment to which it would subject the crew, as well as theconfiscation of the vessel and cargo.
if they reach the english coast,and are chased by the revenue vessels, or have notice by signals fromtheir agents on shore that they are discovered, and cannot land theircargoes, they take the exact bearings and distances of several points ofland, and with heavy stones sink their tubs of spirits, which are alwaysstrung upon a hawser like a row of beads.
there the cargo is left,until they have an opportunity of going off in boats to creep for it,which is by dragging large hooks at the bottom until they catch thehawser, and regain possession of their tubs.
such is the precision withwhich their marks are taken, and their dexterity from continualpractice, that they seldom fail to recover their cargo.
the profits ofthis contraband trade are so great, that if two cargoes are lost, athird safely landed will indemnify the owners.
i must now observe, much to the discredit of the parties who areconcerned, that this contraband trade is not carried on by individuals,but by a company; one hundred pounds shares are taken of "_aspeculation_," the profits of which are divided yearly: and manyindividuals residing on the coast, who would be thought incapable oflending themselves to such transactions are known to be deeplyinterested.
the smuggling from havre and ostend, etcetera, is confined to the coastof ireland and the northern shores of england; the cargoes are assortedand of great value; and as the voyage and risk are greater, they aregenerally fast-sailing vessels, well manned and armed, to enable them tooffer resistance, when the disparity of force is not too great on theirside.
captain mcelvina had taken up the smuggling trade between cherbourg andportland to keep himself employed until a fine lugger of sixteen guns,the command of which had been promised to him, and which was intended torun between havre and the coast of ireland, should be ready; whereascaptain debriseau had been all his life employed in the cherbourg trade,and had no intention of quitting it.
"but what have you got there, mac?"
said debriseau, pointing with hispipe to our hero, who sat on the leathern sofa, rolled up in his uncouthattire; "is it a bear, or a boy?"
"a boy, that i picked up from a wreck.
i am thinking what i shall dowith him--he is a smart, bold lad."
"by jupiter," rejoined debriseau, "i'll make him my ganymede, till hegrows older."
had willy been as learned in mythology as captain debriseau, he mighthave informed him that he had served in that capacity in his lastsituation under mr bullock; but although the names, as appertaining toa ship, were not unknown to him, yet the attributes of the respectiveparties were a part of his education that old adams had omitted.
"he will be fit for anything," rejoined our captain, "if he will only behonest."
"mcelvina," said debriseau, "you always have these words in your mouth,`be honest.'
now, as, between ourselves, i do not think that either youor i are leading very honest lives, allow me to ask you why youcontinually harp upon honesty when we are alone?
i can easilyunderstand the propriety of shamming a little before the world."
"debriseau, had any other man said half as much, i would have started mygrog in his face.
it's no humbug on my part.
i mean it sincerely; and,to prove it, i will now give you a short sketch of my life; and afteryou have heard it, i have no doubt but that you will acknowledge, withme, the truth of the old adage, that `honesty is the best policy.'"
but captain mcelvina must have a chapter to himself.
he hath as fine a hand at picking a pocket as a woman, and is as  nimble-fingered as a juggler.
if an unlucky session does not cut the  rope of his life, i pronounce he will be a great man in history.
"it is an old proverb that `one half of the world do not know _how_ theother half live.'
add to it, nor _where_ they live, and it will be astrue.
there is a class of people, of whose existence the public are toowell aware; but of whose resorts, and manners, and customs, among theirown fraternity, they are quite as ignorant now as they were one hundredyears back.
like the chinese and the castes of the east, they neverchange their profession, but bequeath it from father to son, as anentailed estate from which they are to derive their subsistence.
theclass to which i refer, consists of those members of the community atlarge, who gain their livelihood by inserting their hands into thepockets of other people,--not but that all the world are doing the samething, and have, since the creation; but then it is only as _amateurs_--the class that i refer to, do it _professionally_, which, you mustobserve, makes a wide difference.
from this class i am lineallydescended; and, at an early age, was duly initiated into all themysteries of my profession.
i could filch a handkerchief as soon as iwas high enough to reach a pocket, and was declared to be a mostpromising child.
"i must do my father and mother the justice to acknowledge, that whilethey initiated me in the mysteries of my future profession, they did notattempt to conceal that there were certain disagreeable penaltiesattached to `greatness;' but, when prepared from our earliest years, welook forward to our fate with resignation: and, as i was invariablytold, after my return from some daring feat, that my life would be ashort and a merry one, i was not dismayed at the words of my propheticmother, who observed, `patrick, my boy, if you don't wish to bring mygrey hairs with sorrow to the grave, promise me to confine yourself topicking pockets; you will then only be transported: but if you try yourhand at higher work, you'll be hung before you're twenty.'
my father,when i returned with a full assorted cargo, and emptied my pockets intohis hands, with as much rapidity as i had transferred the contents ofothers into my own, used to look at me with a smile of pride andsatisfaction, and, shaking his head, would exclaim--`pat, you'llcertainly be hung.'
"accustomed, therefore, from my infancy, to consider twenty summers,instead of threescore years and ten, as the allotted space of myexistence, i looked forward to my exit from this world, by the new drop,with the same placidity as the nobleman awaits the time appointed forthe entrance of his body into the vault containing the dust of hisancestors.
at the age of eleven years, i considered myself a full-grownman, dared all that man could do, and was a constant, but unwillingattendant upon the police office, where my youth, and the promises of mymother that i should be reformed, assisted by showers of tears on herpart, and by apparent ingenuousness on mine, frequently pleaded in myfavour with the prosecutors.
"i often lamented, when at that early age, that my want of educationprevented me from attempting the higher walks of our profession; butthis object of my ambition was gained at last.
i had taken apocket-book from a worthy quaker, and, unfortunately, was perceived by aman at a shop window, who came out, collared, and delivered me into thehands of the prim gentleman.
having first secured his property, he thenwalked with me and a police officer to bow-street.
my innocent face,and my tears, induced the old gentleman, who was a member of thephilanthropic society, not only not to prefer the charge against me, butto send me to the institution at blackfriars-road.
"i made rapid progress under their tuition, and after three years' closeapplication on my part, and continual inculcation, on the part of myinstructors, of the distinction between _meum_ and _tuum_, i wasconsidered not only a very clever boy, but a reformed character.
thequaker gentleman, who had placed me in the institution, and who wasdelighted with the successful results of his own penetration, selectedme as his servant, and took me home."
"well, i'm glad you were so soon reformed," said debriseau.
"where thedevil's my handkerchief?"
"oh, i've not got it," answered mcelvina, laughing.
"but you are asmuch mistaken now as the quaker was at that time.
a wild beast may betamed, and will remain so, provided he be not permitted again to tasteblood.
then all his ferocious propensities will reappear, and provethat his education has been thrown away.
so it was with me.
at first,i felt no desire to return to my old employment; and had not my mastertrusted me too much, i might have remained honest.
you often hearmasters exclaiming against the dishonesty of servants.
i know it to bea fact, that most of them have been made dishonest by the carelessnessof their employers, in having allowed temptations to lie in their way,which were too strong to be resisted.
my master used to send me up tohis bureau, for small sums which he required, out of a yellow canvasbag, full of gold and silver.
i am convinced that he frequently used togive me the key, when in company with his friends, in order that, afteri had left the room, he might tell my history, and prove the beneficialeffects of the society.
one day the yellow bag and i both disappeared.
"i threw off the modest grey coat in which i was equipped, and soonprocured more fashionable attire.
i looked in the glass, and scarcelyknew myself; i had, therefore, no fear of being recognised by my formermaster.
not wishing to be idle, i hired myself out as tiger and valetto a young nobleman, who was spending ten thousand pounds a year upon anallowance of seven hundred.
he was a complete _roue_, and i mustgratefully own that i learnt a great deal from him, independently of thesecret of tying my neckcloth correctly;--but we soon parted."
"how was that?"
said debriseau, knocking the ashes out of his pipe.
"why, he had several diamond rings, and as he only wore two or three ata time, i sported the others at our parties.
a malicious fellow, whowas envious of the dash i cut, observed in my hearing that it wasimpossible to tell real stones from good paste.
i took the hint, andone by one the diamonds vanished, and paste usurped their places.
shortly after, the creditors, not being able to touch my master's moneyor his person, seized his effects, and the diamond rings were almost theonly articles which escaped.
my master, who always looked out for arainy day, had collected these rings as a sort of stand-by, to `raisethe wind' when required.
by ill luck, he took them to the same jewellerwho had been employed by me to substitute the paste, and to whom i hadsold the real stones.
he came home in a great rage, accused me ofdishonesty, and sent for a constable.
i told him that i did notconsider his conduct to be that of a gentleman, and wished him goodmorning.
i had indeed intended to quit him, as he was _done up_, andonly waited his return to tell him so.
i had moved my trunks,accordingly, before he was out of bed.
i believe a few of his suits,and some of his linen, were put in with mine, in my extreme haste; butthen he owed me wages.
"when i wished his lordship good morning, i certainly imagined that ihad little more to learn; but i must acknowledge that i was mistaken.
iknew that there was a club established for servants out of place, andhad been a subscriber for two years,--as there were many advantagesarising from it, independently of economy.
i was now a member by right,which, as long as i was in place, i was not.
to this club i repaired,and i soon found that i, who fancied myself perfect, was but a _tyro_ inthe profession.
it was a grand school certainly, and well organised.
we had our president, vice-president, auditors of accounts,corresponding members, and our secretary.
our seal was a bunch of greenpoplar rods, with `_service is no inheritance_' as a motto.
"but not to weary you with a life of adventures which would fillvolumes, i shall merely state, that i was in place, out of place,following up my profession in every way, with great credit among ourfraternity, until, one day, i found myself, after a tedious confinementin newgate, decorated with a yellow jacket, and pair of fetters, onboard of a vessel of three hundred tons burthen, bound to new southwales.
we sailed for sydney, where i had been recommended, by thegentleman in a large wig, to remain seven years for change of air.
thesame night that the vessel came into the cove, having more liberty thanthe rest of my shipmates (from my good behaviour during the passage), ievaded the sentry, and slipping down by the cable into the water, swamto a ship lying near, which, i had been informed, was to sail on theensuing day for india.
"the captain being very short of hands, headed me up in a cask; and,although the vessel was not permitted to sail until very strict searchhad been made for me, i was not discovered, and it was supposed that ihad been drowned in making the attempt.
aware that it would not be goodfor my health to return previously to the expiration of the seven years,i determined to learn a new _profession_--that of a sailor, for which ialways had a predilection; besides, it quieted my conscience as to theimpropriety of not submitting to the just punishment of the law, as youwill acknowledge that seven years at sea, and seven years'transportation, are one and the same thing.
from batavia i went tocalcutta, and worked before the mast in the country vessels to bombayand the persian gulf, for four years, when i thought myself capable oftaking higher rank in the service, if i could get it; especially as ihad picked up sufficient navigation to be able to work the ship'sreckoning.
"at calcutta, i obtained a situation as second mate of a fast-sailingschooner employed in the smuggling of opium into china, and, after threevoyages, rose to the office of chief mate.
had i remained anothervoyage i should have been captain of the vessel; but my seven years wereout, and i was anxious to return to england, and look the _robin redbreasts_ boldly in the face.
i had saved enough money to pay mypassage, and was determined to go home like a gentleman, if i had notexactly gone out in that character.
what little cash remained after mypassage was paid, i lost at play to an army officer, who was returningin the same ship.
"when i landed at portsmouth, i retained a suit of `long togs,' as wecall them, and, disposing of all the rest of my stock to the jews, istarted for london.
on my arrival i found that my father and motherwere both dead, and i was meditating upon my future course of _life_,when an accident determined me.
i picked up a pocket-book,"--(herecaptain debriseau eyed him hard)--"i know what you mean, continuedmcelvina, but it _was_ on the pavement, and not _in a pocket_, as youwould imply by your looks.
it was full of slips and scraps of paper ofall sorts, which i did not take the trouble to read.
the only availablearticles it contained, were three one-pound notes.
the owner's name andaddress were written on the first blank leaf.
i cannot tell whatpossessed me, but i had an irresistible desire to be honest once in mylife, and the temptation to be otherwise not being very great, i tookthe pocket-book to the address, and arrived at the house, just as theold gentleman to whom it belonged was giving _directions_ to have itadvertised.
he was in evident perturbation at his loss--and i came justat the fortunate moment.
he seized his book with rapture, examined allthe papers, and counted over the bills and notes.
"`honesty is a scarce commodity, young man,' said he, as he passed theleathern tongue of the book through the strap.
`you have brought me mybook without waiting till a reward was offered.
i desired my clerk tooffer twenty guineas in the advertisement--i will now give you a largersum.'
he sat down, opened a cheque-book, and wrote me a draft on hisbanker.
it was for one hundred pounds!
i was profuse in myacknowledgments, while he replaced his book in his inside-pocket, andbuttoned up his coat.
`honesty is a scarce commodity, young man,'repeated he; `call here to-morrow at one o'clock, and i will see if ican be of any further service to you.'
"i returned to my lodgings in a very thoughtful mood.
i was astonishedat the old man's generosity, and still more at my having honestlyobtained so large a sum.
i went to bed, and reflected on what hadpassed.
the words of the old gentleman still rang in my ears--`honestyis a scarce commodity.'
i communed with myself.
here have i beennearly all my life, exercising all my talents, exerting all my energiesin dishonest practices, and when did i, even at the most successful hit,obtain as much money as i have by an honest act?
i recalled the manydays of anxious waiting that i had found necessary to accomplish ascheme of fraud--the doubtful success--the necessity of satisfying myassociates--the inability of turning into ready money the articlespurloined until the hue and cry was over--the trifling sum which i wasobliged to take from the purchasers of stolen articles, who knew that iwas at their mercy--the destitute condition i occasionally was in--andthe life of constant anxiety that i had led.
these reflections forcedthe truth upon my mind, that there was more, in the end, to be gained byhonesty than by roguery.
"once convinced, i determined to lead a new life, and from that moment iassumed as my motto, `honesty is the best policy.'
do you hear,youngster?--`always be honest.'"
through tattered clothes small vices do appear; robes and furred gowns  hide all.
willy, who was tired out with the extreme mental and bodily exertionthat he had undergone, gave no answer to mcelvina's injunction, except aloud snore, which satisfied the captain that his caution in thisinstance was not heard.
"well," said debriseau, after a short pause, "how long did this honestfit last?"
"what do you mean?--how long did it last?
why, it has lasted,--captaindebriseau,--it has lasted until now; and shall last, too, as long asthis frame of mine shall hold together.
but to proceed.
the nextmorning i called upon the old gentleman according to his request.
heagain told me, `honesty was a scarce commodity.'
i could have informedhim that it had always been so with me, but i kept my own counsel.
hethen asked me what were my profession and pursuits?
now, as i had twoprofessions to choose between, and as my last was considered to be justas abundant in the commodity he prized so much, as my former one wasknown to be deficient, i replied that i was a seafaring man.
`then imay find some employment for you,' replied the old gentleman; and havingput several questions to me as to the nature of the service i had seen,he desired me to take a walk till three o'clock, when he would be happyto see me at dinner:--`we'll then be able to have a little conversationtogether, without being over-heard.'
"i was exact to my appointment, and my old friend, who was punctualityitself, did not allow me to remain in the parlour two minutes beforedinner was on the table.
as soon as it was over, he dismissed theservant girl who attended, and turned the key in the door.
aftersounding me on many points, during a rapid discussion of the firstbottle of port, he proceeded to inform me, that a friend of his wanted asmart fellow as captain of a vessel, if i would like the employment.
this suited me; and he then observed that i must have some notion of howofficers were managed, as i had been in the china trade, and that he_thought_ that the vessel was to be employed in the contraband trade onthe english coast.
"this startled me a little, for i was afraid that the old gentleman waslaying a trap for my newly-acquired commodity; and i was about to refusewith some slight show of indignation, when i perceived a change in hiscountenance, indicative of disappointment--so i only demurred until hehad sufficient time to prove that there was no dishonesty in thetransaction, when, being convinced that he was in earnest, i consented.
before the second bottle was finished, i found out that it was not for a_friend_, but for himself, and for one of his own vessels, that he wasanxious to procure a smart captain; and that he had a large capitalembarked in the concern, which was very profitable.
the pocket-bookwhich i had returned was of no little importance: had it fallen intoother hands, it might have told tales.
"i have now been three years in the old gentleman's employ, and agenerous good master he has been: and his daughter is a sweet prettygirl.
i lost my last vessel, but not until she had cleared him 10,000pounds; and now the old gentleman is building me another at havre.
notto be quite idle, i have in the meantime taken command of one of theirsloops: for the old gentleman has a good many shares in the_speculation_, and his recommendations are always attended to.
"_voici, monsieur beaujou, avec les habits_," said the maitre d'aubergeopening the door and ushering in the marchand des modes _maritimes_,with a huge bundle.
"now, then, boy, rouse out," said mcelvina, shaking our hero for a longwhile, without any symptoms of recovering him from his lethargy.
"try him on the other tack," said the captain, lifting him off the sofa,and placing him upright on his legs.
"there's no sugar in it yet," said willy, who was dreaming that he wassupplying the mulled claret to the old master's mate.
"ah," said debriseau, laughing, "he thinks his mamma is giving him histea."
"the lying little rascal told me this morning that he had no mother.
come, mr william seymour, i _believe_" (mimicking)--"officer, i_believe_--oh, you're a nice honest boy.
have you a mother, or do youtell fibs in your sleep as well as awake?
the last words that willy had heard repeated so often during the day notonly unsealed his eyes, but recalled to his recollection where he was.
"now, my youngster, let us rig you out; you recollect you stated thatyou were going home for your outfit, and now i'll give you one, that youmay have one fib less on your conscience."
by the generosity of mcelvina, willy was soon fitted with two suits ofclothes, requiring little alteration, and mr beaujou, having received afurther order for a supply of shirts, and other articles necessary tocomplete, made his bow and disappeared.
the two captains resumed their chairs, and our hero again coiled himselfon the sofa, and in one minute was as sound asleep as before.
"and now, mcelvina," resumed debriseau, "i should like to know by whatarguments your employer contrived to reconcile your present vocationwith your punctilious regard for honesty?
for i must confess, for myown part, that although i have followed smuggling as a livelihood, ihave never defended it as an honest calling, and have looked forwardwith occasional impatience to the time when i should be able to leave itoff."
why i'll just repeat to you the arguments used by the oldgentleman.
they convinced me.
as i said before, i am always open toconviction.
captain debriseau, you will acknowledge, i trust, that lawsare made for the benefit of all parties, high and low, rich and poor?"
"you'll allow also, that law-makers should not be lawbreakers; and thatif they are so, they cannot expect that others will regard what theydisregard themselves."
"once more--by the laws of our country, the receiver is as bad as thethief, and they who instigate others to commit an offence are equallyguilty with the offending party."
"it cannot be denied," replied debriseau.
"then you have acceded to all the propositions that i wish, and we shallcome to an undeniable and mathematical conclusion.
observe, law-makersshould not be law-breakers.
who enacted these laws?--the aristocracy ofthe nation, seated in their respective houses, the lords and thecommons.
go, any night you please, to the opera, or any other place ofpublic resort, in which you can have a view of their wives and daughter.
i'll stake my existence that every female there shall be disened out insome contraband article of dress--not one but shall prove to be areceiver of smuggled goods, and, therefore, as bad as those whom theyhave instigated to _infringe_ the laws of their country.
if there wereno demand there would be no supply."
"surely they don't _all_ drink gin?"
you're thinking of your damned cherbourg trade,--your ideasare confined.
is there nothing smuggled besides gin?
now, if thehusbands and fathers of these ladies,--those who have themselves enactedthe laws,--wink at their _infringement_, why should not others do so?
the only distinction between the equally offending parties is, thatthose who are in power,--who possess all the comforts and luxuries whichthis world can afford,--who offend the laws from vanity and caprice, andentice the needy to administer to their love of display, are protectedand unpunished; while the adventurous seaman, whose means of supportinghis family depend upon his administering to their wishes, or the poordevil who is unfortunately detected with a gallon of spirits, is throwninto gaol as if he were a _felon_.
there cannot be one law for the richand another for the poor, debriseau.
when i hear that the wives of thearistocracy have been seized by the revenue officers, and the contrabandarticles which they wear have been taken off their backs, and that theyhave been sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, by a committal fromthe magistrate, then--and not till then--will i acknowledge ourprofession to be _dishonest_."
"very true," said debriseau; "it shows the folly of men attempting tomake laws for their _masters_."
"is it not shocking," continued mcelvina, "to reflect upon the conductof the magistrate, who has just sentenced perhaps four or five unhappywretches to a dungeon for an offence against these laws?
he leaves theseat of justice, and returns to the bosom of his family.
here hiswife," (mimicking)--"`well, my dear, you're come at last--dinner hasbeen put back this half-hour.
i thought you would never have finishedwith those odious smugglers.'
`why, my love, it was a very difficultcase to prove; but we managed it at last, and i have signed the warrantfor their committal to the county gaol.
they're sad, troublesomefellows, these smugglers.'
--now look at the lady: `what dress is thatyou put on to greet your husband?'
`gros de naples de lyon.'
--`the laceit is trimmed with?'
`valenciennes,'--`your gloves, madam?'
--`your ribands, your shoes, your handkerchief?'
all, allcontraband.--worthy magistrate, if you would hold the scales of justicewith an even hand, make out _one more_ mittimus before you sit down totable.
send your wife to languish a twelvemonth in company with thepoor smugglers, and then `to dinner with what appetite you may.'
andnow, debriseau, have i convinced you that i may follow my presentcalling, and still say--`_be honest_?'"
"why, yes, i think we both may; but would not this evil be removed byfree trade?"
replied mcelvina, laughing; "then there would be no_smuggling_."
love me, love my dog.
it is the misfortune of those who have been in constant habits of deceitthat they always imagine others are attempting the same dishonestpractices.
for some time mcelvina felt convinced that our little herohad swerved from truth in the account which he gave of himself; and itwas not until after repeated catechisings, in which he found that,strange and improbable as the narrative appeared, willy never alteredfrom or contradicted his original statement, that he believed the boy tobe as honest and ingenuous as might have been inferred from hisprepossessing countenance.
to this conviction, how ever, did he arrive at last; and our hero--whoseemed no sooner to have lost one protector than to have the goodfortune to find another--became the favourite and companion of his newcaptain, instead of his domestic, as had been originally contemplated.
a lad of willy's age, who is treated with kindness and consideration, issoon attached, and becomes reconciled to any change of circumstances.
it was a matter of indifference to our hero whether he was on thequarter-deck of a man-of-war or in the cabin of a smuggling sloop.
contented with his present lot,--with the happy thoughtlessness ofyouth, he never permitted the future to disturb his repose or affect hisdigestion.
willy had been nearly a month at cherbourg when mcelvina's sloop took inanother cargo.
"willy," said mcelvina, one evening as they sat togetherin the apartment at the cabaret, "to-morrow i shall, in all probability,sail for the english coast.
i have been thinking what i shall do withyou.
i do not much like parting with you; but, on reflection, i thinkit will be better that i should leave you behind.
you can be of no use,and may be in the way if we should be obliged to take to our boat."
willy pleaded hard against this arrangement.
"i never have a friend buti lose him directly," said the boy, and the tears started into his eyes.
"i trust you will not lose me, my dear fellow," replied mcelvina, movedat this proof of affection; "but i must explain to you why i leave you.
in the first place," added he, laughing, "with that mark on yourshoulder, it would be felony without benefit of clergy for you to befound in my possession; but of that i would run the risk.
my seriousreasons are as follow:--if this trip proves fortunate, i shall notreturn to cherbourg.
i have business of importance in london, which mayrequire my presence for some weeks in that metropolis and its vicinity.
i told you before, that i am about to take the command of a verydifferent vessel from this paltry sloop, and upon a more dangerousservice.
in four or five months she will be ready to sail, and duringthat time i shall be constantly on the move, and shall hardly know whatto do with you.
now, willy, you are not aware of the advantages ofeducation--i am: and as mine was given to me by strangers, so will i inreturn bestow as much upon you as i can afford.
you must, therefore, goto school until my return.
you will at least acquire the frenchlanguage, and you will find that of no little use to you hereafter."
willy, accustomed to discipline and to breathe the air of passiveobedience, submitted without raising any more objections.
debriseaujoined, and they all three sallied forth to make arrangements forplacing our hero "_en pension_," where they had been recommended.
having effected this, they agreed to lounge on the _place d'armes_ tillsunset, when they took possession of one of the benches.
mcelvina anddebriseau lighted their cigars, and puffed away in silence, while willyamused himself with watching the promenaders as they passed in reviewbefore him.
they had not remained there many minutes when a poodle-dog, _bientondu_, and white as a sheep from the river before the day of shearing,walked up to them with an air of sagacious curiosity, and lookedmcelvina steadfastly in the face.
mcelvina, taking his cigar from hismouth, held it to the dog, who ran up to it, as if to smell it; thelighted end coming in contact with his cold nose, induced the animal toset up a loud yell, and retreat to his master much faster than he came,passing first one fore-paw and then the other over his nose, to wipeaway the pain, in such a ridiculous manner as to excite loud merriment,not only from our party on the bench, but also from others who hadwitnessed the scene.
"so much for curiosity," said mcelvina, continuing his mirth.
theproprietor of the dog, a young frenchman, dressed very much "_encalicot_," did not, however, seem quite so much amused with thispractical joke; he cocked his hat fiercely on one side, raised hisfigure to the utmost of its height, and walking up, _en grand militaire_addressed mcelvina, with "_comment, monsieur, vous avez fait une grandebetise-la--vous m'insultez_--""i think i had better not understand french," said mcelvina, aside todebriseau; then turning to the frenchman, with a grave face, and air ofincomprehension,--"what did you say, sir?"
you are inglishman.
you not speak french?"
--mcelvina shook hishead, and began to puff away his cigar.
"den, sare, if you not speak de french language, i speak de englis likevon natif; and i tell you, sare, _que vous m'avez insulte_.
got fordam!--you burnt my dog nose; vat you mean, sare?"
"the dog burnt his own nose," answered mcelvina, mildly.
"vat you mean?
de dog burnt his own nose!
how is a dog capable to burnhis own nose?
sare, you put de cigar to my dog nose.
i must have de_satisfaction_ or de apology _tout de suite_."
"but, sir, i have not insulted you."
"sare, you insult my dog--he is von and de same ting--_mon chien est unchien de sentiment_.
he feel de affront all de same vid me--i feel deaffront all de same vid him.
_vous n'avez qu'a choisir, monsieur_."
"between you and your dog," answered mcelvina--"well, then, i'd ratherfight the dog."
fight de dog--de dog cannot fight, sare: _mais je suis son maitreet son ami_ and i vill fight for him."
"well, then, monsieur, i did insult your dog, i must acknowledge, and iwill give him the satisfaction which you require."
"and how vill you give de satisfaction to de dog?"
"why, sir, you said just now that he was _un chien de beaucoup desentiment_:--if he is so, he will accept and properly appreciate myapology."
"ah, sare," replied the frenchman, relaxing the stern wrinkles of hisbrow, "_c'est bien dit_; you will make de apology to de dog.
_sansdoute_, he is de principal, i am only de second.
_c'est une affairearrangee.
moustache, viens ici moustache_" (the dog came up to hismaster).
_monsieur est tres fache de t'avoir brule le nez_.
"monsieur moustache," said mcelvina, taking off his hat with mockgravity to the dog, who seemed determined to keep at a respectfuldistance, "_je vous demande mille excuses_."
que c'est charmant_!"
cried some of the fair sex, who, as well asthe men, had been attracted by, and were listening to the dispute.
"_que monsieur l'anglais est drole: et voyez moustache, comme il a l'aircontent--vraiment c'est un chien d'esprit_."
"_allez, moustache_," said his master, who was now all smiles, "_donnezla patte a monsieur--donnez donc_.
ah, sare, he forgive you, i am verysure--_il n'a pas de malice_, but he is afraid of de cigar.
de burntshild dred de _vater_, as your great shakespeare say."
"_c'est un chien de talent: il a beaucoup de sentiment.
je suis bienfache de t'avoir blesse, monsieur_."
"_et monsieur parle francais_?"
"i should esteem myself fortunate, if i spoke your language as well asyou do mine," replied mcelvina, in french.
this compliment, before so many bystanders, completely won the heart ofthe vain and choleric frenchman.
"ah, sare, you are too complaisant.
i hope i shall have de pleasure tomake your acquaintance.
_je m'appelle monsieur auguste de poivre.
j'ail'honneur de vous presenter une carte d'adresse_.
i live on de topof my mother's,--_sur l'entresol_.
my mother live on deground--_rez-de-chaussee_.
madame _ma mere_ will be delighted toreceive a monsieur of so much vit and adresse."
so saying, away wentmonsieur auguste de poivre, followed by moustache, who was "_all von andde same ting_."
"well, we live and learn," said mcelvina, laughing, as soon as thefrenchman was at a little distance; "i never thought that i should havemade an apology to a dog."
"oh, but," replied debriseau, "you forget that he was _un chien desentiment_."
"you may imagine, from my behaviour, that i consider him a wiser puppythan his master, for he ran away from fire, whereas his master tried allhe could to get into it.
some of our countrymen would have humouredhim, and turned a comedy into a tragedy--i set a proper value on mylife, and do not choose to risk it about trifles."
"there has been more than one valuable life thrown away about a dog, inmy remembrance," said debriseau.
"i think you behaved in a sensiblemanner to get rid of the affair as you did; but you would have donebetter not to have burnt the dog's nose."
"granted," replied mcelvina; "the more so, as i have often remarked,that there is no object in the world, except your children or your ownself; in which the _meum_ is so powerful, and the _tuum_ so weak.
youcaress your own dog, and kick a strange one; you are pleased with theclamorous barking of your own cur, and you curse the same noise fromanother.
the feeling is as powerful, almost, as that of a mother, whothinks her own ugly cub a cherub compared to others, and its squallingsthe music of the spheres.
it is because there is no being thatadministers so much to the self-love of his master.
he submits, withhumility, to the blows inflicted in the moment of irritation, and licksthe hand that corrects.
he bears no revengeful feelings, and is readyto fondle and caress you the moment that your good humour returns.
heis, what man looks in vain for among his kind, a faithful friend,without contradiction--the _very perfection of a slave_.
the abjectsubmission on his part, which would induce you to despise him, becomes amerit, when you consider his courage, his fidelity, and his gratitude.
i cannot think what mahomet was about when he pronounced his fiatagainst them, as _unclean_."
"well," said debriseau, "i agree with mahomet that they are _not clean_,especially puppies.
there's that little beast at monsieur picardon's, ideclare--""pooh," interrupted mcelvina, laughing, "i don't mean it in that sense--i mean that, in a despotic country, the conduct of a dog towards hismaster should be held up as an example for imitation; and i think thatthe banner of the moslem should have borne the dog, instead of thecrescent, as an emblem of blind fidelity and tacit submission."
"that's very true," said debriseau; "but, nevertheless, i wishmademoiselle's puppy were either taught manners or thrown over thequay."
"_ce n'est pas un chien de sentiment_," replied mcelvina, laughing.
"but it is nearly dark.
_allons au cabaret_."
they returned to the inn; and the wind, on the ensuing morning, blowingstrong from a favourable quarter, willy and debriseau accompaniedmcelvina down to the mole, from whence he embarked on board of thesloop, which was already under way, and in the course of an hour was outof sight.
on the following day, captain debriseau accompanied willy to the_pension_, where our hero remained nearly five months, occasionallyvisited by the guernsey captain, when he returned from his smugglingtrips, and more rarely receiving a letter from mcelvina, who had safelylanded his cargo, and was latterly at havre, superintending the fittingout of his new vessel.
our hero made good progress during the fewmonths that he remained at the _pension_, and when mcelvina returned totake him away, not only could speak the french language with fluency,but had also made considerable progress in what sir w. c--- used todesignate in his toast as "the three r's,"--viz., "reading, 'riting, and'rithmetic."
the lugger which had been built for mcelvina by his employer was nowready, and, bidding farewell to debriseau, who continued in thecherbourg trade, our hero and his protector journeyed _en diligence_ tohavre.
through the haze of the night a bright flash now appearing,  "oh, ho!"
cried will watch, "the philistines bear down;  bear a hand, my tight lads, ere we think about sheering,  one broadside pour in, should we swim, boys, or drown."
"now, willy, what do you think of _la belle susanne_?"
said mcelvina, asthey stood on the pier, about a stone's throw from the vessel, which laywith her broadside towards them.
not that mcelvina had any opinion ofwilly's judgment, but, from the affectionate feeling which every sailorimbibes for his own ship, he expected gratification even in theadmiration of a child.
the lugger was certainly as beautiful a model ofthat description of vessel as had ever been launched from a slip.
atthe distance of a mile, with the sea running, it was but occasionallythat you could perceive her long black hull--so low was she in thewater, and so completely were her bulwarks pared down; yet her breadthof beam was very great, and her tonnage considerable, as may be inferredwhen it is stated that she mounted sixteen long brass nine-pounders, andwas manned with one hundred and thirty men.
but now that she was lyingat anchor in smooth water, you had an opportunity of examining, with theseverest scrutiny, the beautiful run of the vessel, as she sat gracefulas a diver, and appeared, like that aquatic bird, ready to plunge in ata moment, and disappear under the wave cleft by her sharp forefoot, andrippling under her bows.
"when shall we sail?"
inquired willy, after bestowing more judiciousencomiums upon the vessel than might be expected.
"to-morrow night, if the wind holds to the southward.
we took in ourpowder this morning.
where were you stationed at quarters on board the---?"
i was not on the ship's books until a day or two before ileft her."
"then you must be a powder-monkey with me; you can hand powder up, ifyou can do nothing else."
"i can do more," replied willy, proudly; "i can roll shells overboard."
"ay, ay, so you can: i forgot that.
i suppose i must put you on thequarter-deck, and make an officer of you, as captain m--- intended todo."
"i mean to stand by you when we fight," said willy, taking mcelvina'shand.
"thank you--that may not be so lucky.
i'm rather superstitious; and, ifi recollect right, your old friend adams had that honour when he waskilled."
the name of old adams being mentioned, made willy silent and unhappy.
mcelvina perceived it; the conversation was dropped, and they returnedhome.
a few days afterwards, _la belle susanne_ sailed, amidst the shouts andvivas of the multitude collected on the pier, and a thousand wishes for"_succes_," and "_bon voyage_"--the builder clapping his hands, andskipping with all the simial ecstasy of a frenchman, at the encomiumslavished upon his vessel, as she cleaved through the water with theundeviating rapidity of a barracouta.
but the _vivas_, and the shouts,and the builder, and the pier that he capered on, were soon out ofsight; and our hero was once more confiding in the trackless andtreacherous ocean.
"well, she _does_ walk," said phillips, who had followed the fortunes ofhis captain, and was now looking over the quarter of the vessel.
"shemust be a clipper as catches us with the tacks on board!
right in thewind's eye too; clean full.
by the powers, i believe if you were tolift her, she would lay a point on the other side of the wind."
"get another pull of the fore-halyards, my lads," cried mcelvina.
"these new ropes stretch most confoundedly.
there, belay all that; takea _severe_ turn, and don't come up an inch."
the breeze freshened, and the lugger flew through the water, dashing thewhite spray from her bows into the air, where it formed little rainbows,as it was pierced by the beams of the setting sun.
"we shall have a fine night, and light weather towards the morning, ithink," said the first mate, addressing mcelvina.
"i think so too.
turn the hands up to muster by the quarter-bell.
we'll load the guns as soon as the lights are out; let the gunner fillforty rounds, and desire the carpenter to nail up the hatchway-screens.
let them be rolled up and stopped.
we'll keep them up for a _full due_,till we return to havre."
the crew of the lugger were now summoned on deck by the call of theboatswain, and having been addressed by captain mcelvina upon theabsolute necessity of activity and preparation, in a service of suchpeculiar risk, they loaded the guns, and secured them for the night.
the crew consisted of about eighty or ninety englishmen, out of the fullcomplement of one hundred and thirty men; the remainder was composed offrenchmen, and other continental adventurers.
although the respectivecountries were at variance, the subjects of each had shaken hands, thatthey might assist each other in violating the laws.
the quiet andsubordination of a king's ship were not to be expected here,--loud andobstreperous mirth, occasional quarrelling, as one party, by accident orintention, wounded the national pride of the other.
french, english,and irish, spoken alternately, or at the same moment--created a degreeof confusion which proved that the reins of government were held lightlyby the captain in matters of small importance; but, although there was ageneral freedom of manner, and independence of address, still hisauthority was acknowledged, and his orders implicitly obeyed.
it was aship's company which _pulled every way_, as the saying is, when therewas nothing to demand union; but, let difficulty or danger appear, andall their squabbling was forgotten, or reserved for a more seasonableopportunity: then they all _pulled together_, those of each nation vyingin taking the lead and setting an example to the other.
such was the crew of the lugger which mcelvina commanded, all of whomwere picked men, remarkable for their strength and activity.
as the first mate had predicted, the wind fell light after midnight, andat dawn of day the lugger was gliding through the smooth water, at therate of three or four miles an hour, shrouded in a thick fog.
the sunrose, and had gained about twenty degrees of altitude, when mcelvinabeat to quarters, that he might accustom his men to the exercise of theguns.
the rays of the sun had not power to pierce through the fog; and,shorn of his beams, he had more the appearance of an overgrown moon, orwas, as phillips quaintly observed, "like a man disguised in woman'sattire."
the exercise of the guns had not long continued, when the breezefreshened up, and the fog began partially to disperse.
willy, who wasperched on the round-house abaft, observed a dark mass looming throughthe mist on the weather beam.
"is that a vessel?"
said willy, pointingit out to the first mate, who was standing near mcelvina.
"indeed it is, my boy," replied the mate; "you've a sharp eye of yourown."
mcelvina's glass was already on the object.
"a cutter, right before thewind, coming down to us; a government vessel, of some sort or another,i'll swear.
i trust she's a revenue cruiser--i have an account tosettle with those gentlemen.
stay at your quarters, my lads--hand upshot, and open the magazine!"
the powerful rays of the sun, assisted by the increasing wind, nowrolled away the fog from around the vessels, which had a perfect view ofeach other.
they were distant about two miles, and the blue water wasstrongly rippled by the breeze which had sprung up.
the luggercontinued her course on a wind, while the cutter bore down towards her,with all the sail that she could throw out.
the fog continued to clearaway, until there was an open space of about three or four miles indiameter.
but it still remained folded up in deep masses, forming awall on every side, which obscured the horizon from their sight.
itappeared as if nature had gratuitously cleared away a sufficient portionof the mist, and had thus arranged a little amphitheatre for theapproaching combat between the two vessels.
"his colours are up, sir.
revenue stripes, by the lord!"
"then all's right," replied mcelvina.
the cutter had now run down within half a mile of the lugger, who hadcontinued her course with the most perfect _nonchalance_--when sherounded-to.
the commander of the vessel, aware, at the first discoveryof the lugger, that she could be no other than an enemy, who would mostprobably give him some trouble, had made every preparation for theengagement.
"shall we hoist any colours, sir?"
said the first mate to mcelvina.
"no--if we hoist english, he will not commence action until he has madethe private signal, and all manner of parleying which is quiteunnecessary.
he knows what we are well enough."
"shall we hoist a french ensign, sir?"
"no; i'll fight under no other colours than those of old england, evenwhen i resist her authority."
a long column of white smoke now rolled along the surface of the water,as the cutter, who had waited in vain for the colours being hoisted,fired the first gun at her antagonist.
the shot whizzed between themasts of the lugger, and plunged into the water a quarter of a mile toleeward.
"_a vous, monsieur_!"
roared out a french quarter-master on board of thelugger, in imitation of the compliments which take place previously toan _assaut d'armes_, at the same time taking off his hat, and bowing tothe cutter.
"too high, too high, good mr searcher," said mcelvina, laughing;"depress your guns to her waterline, my lads, and do not fire until iorder you."
the remainder of the cutter's broadside was now discharged at thelugger, but the elevation being too great, the shot whizzed over,without any injury to her crew; the main-halyards were, however, shotaway, and the yard and sail fell thundering down on the deck.
"be smart, my lads, and bend on again; it's quite long enough.
up withthe sail, and we'll return the compliment."
in less than a minute the tie of the halyards, which had been dividedclose to the yard, was hitched round it, and the sail again expanded tothe breeze.
"now my lads, remember, don't throw a shot away--fire whenyou're ready."
the broadside of the lugger was poured into the cutter, with what effectupon the crew could not be ascertained; but the main-boom was cut inhalf, and the outer part of it fell over the cutter's quarter, and wasdragged astern by the clew of the sail.
"it's all over with her already," said the first-mate to mcelvina; and,as the cutter payed off before the wind, another broadside from herwell-manned antagonist raked her fore and aft.
the cutter hauled downher jib, eased off her fore-sheet, and succeeded in again bringing herbroadside to bear.
the action was now maintained with spirit, but muchto the disadvantage of the cutter, who was not only inferior in force,but completely disabled, from the loss of her main-boom.
after an exchange of a dozen broadsides, mcelvina shot the lugger ahead,and, tacking under his adversary's bows, raked him a second time.
thecommander of the revenue vessel, to avoid a repetition of a similardisaster, payed his vessel off before the wind, and returned the fire asthey came abreast of each other; but in these manoeuvres, the luggerobtained the weather-gage.
it was, however, a point of littleconsequence as matters then stood.
in a few more broadsides the cutterwas a complete wreck, and unable to return the fire of her opponent.
her fore-stay and halyards had been cut away, her fore-sail was down ondeck, and her jib lying overboard, under her bows.
"i think that will do," said mcelvina to the first-mate.
"we had betterbe off now, for our guns will be sure to bring down some of thecruisers; and if she surrendered, i could not take possession of her.
let's give her a parting broadside, and three cheers."
mcelvina's orders were obeyed; but not one gun was returned by thecutter--"starboard a little; keep her away now, and we'll close andstand ahead of her, that she may read our name on the stern.
it's apity they should not know to whom they are indebted.
they'll not forget_la belle susanne_."
the cutter had not been left a mile astern before the breeze freshened,and the fog began rapidly to disperse; and phillips, who continued atthe conn, perceived, through the haze, a large vessel bearing downtowards them.
"high time that we were off; indeed, captain; for there's a cruiser, ifi mistake not.
a gun here is the same to the cruiser, as a splash inthe water is to the ground sharks at antigua; up they all come to seewhat's to be had.
we shall have a dozen of them above the horizonbefore two hours are above our heads."
mcelvina, who had his glass fixed upon the vessel, soon made her out tobe a frigate, coming down under a press of sail, attracted, as phillipshad remarked, by the reports of the guns.
what made the affair moreserious was, that she was evidently bringing down a strong breeze, whichthe lugger, although steering large, had not yet obtained.
moreover,the fog had dispersed in all directions, and the frigate neared themfast.
"blast the cutter!"
said the first-mate: "we shall pay dearly for our`lark'."
"this is confoundedly unlucky," replied mcelvina; "she brings the winddown with her, and won't part with a breath of it.
however `faint heartnever won fair lady.'
keep her away two points more.
clap everythingon her.
we'll _weather_ her yet."
the breeze that ran along the water in advance of the frigate now beganto be felt by the lugger, who again dashed the foaming water from herbows, as she darted through the wave; but it was a point of sailing atwhich a frigate has always an advantage over a small vessel; andmcelvina having gradually edged away, so as to bring the three masts ofhis pursuer apparently into one, perceived that the frigate was rapidlyclosing with him.
the crew of the lugger, who had been all merriment at the successfultermination of the late combat (for not one man had been killed orseverely wounded), now paced the deck, or looked over the bulwark withserious and foreboding aspects; the foreigners, particularly, began tocurse their fate, and considered their voyage and anticipated profits atan end.
mcelvina, perceiving their discontent, ordered the men aft, andaddressed them:--"my lads, i have often been in a worse scrape, and have weathered it;nor do i know but what we may yet manage to get out of this, if you willpay strict attention to my orders, and behave in that cool and bravemanner which i have reason to expect from you.
much, if not all,depends upon whether the captain of that frigate is a `_new hand_' ornot: if he is an old channel groper, we shall have some difficulty; but,however, we will try for it, and if we do not succeed, at least we shallhave the satisfaction of knowing, that we did our best both forourselves and our employers."
mcelvina then proceeded to explain to his crew the manoeuvre that heintended to practise, to obtain the weather-gage of the frigate, uponwhich their only chance of escape would depend, and the men returned totheir stations, if not contented, at least with increased confidence intheir captain, and strong hopes of success.
as the day closed, the frigate was within a mile of the lugger, andcoming up with him hand over hand.
the breeze was strong, and the waterwas no longer in ripples, but curled over in short waves to theinfluence of the blast.
the frigate yawed a little--the smoke from herbow-chaser was followed by an instantaneous report, and the shot dashedinto the water close under the stern of the lugger.
"sit down under thebulwarks; sit down, my lads, and keep all fast," said mcelvina.
"he'llsoon be tired of that; he has lost more than a cable's length already."
mcelvina was correct in his supposition; the commander of the frigateperceived that he had lost too much ground by deviating from his course,and the evening was closing in.
he fired no more.
both vesselscontinued their course--the smuggler particularly attentive in keepingthe three masts of her pursuer in one, to prevent her from firing intoher, or to oblige her to drop astern if she did.
half an hour more, and as the sun's lower limb touched the horizon, thefrigate was within musket-shot of the lugger, and the marines, who hadbeen ordered forward, commenced a heavy fire upon her, to induce her tolower her sails and surrender; but in vain.
by the directions of theircaptain, the men sheltered themselves under the bulwarks, and the vesselcontinued her course, with all her sails expanded to the breeze.
a few minutes more and she was right under the bows of the frigate, whonow prepared to round-to, and pour a broadside into her for hertemerity.
mcelvina watched their motions attentively, and as thefrigate yawed-to with all her sails set, he gave the order to loweraway; and the sails of the lugger were in an instant down on the deck,in token of submission.
"helm hard a-lee, now--keep a little bit of the mizen up, phillips--theywon't observe it."
"marines, cease firing-hands, shorten sail, and clear away the firstcutter," were the orders given on board the frigate, and distinctlyheard by the smugglers; but the heavy press of sail that the frigate wasobliged to carry to come up with the chase, was not so soon to bereduced as that of a small vessel--and, as she rounded-to withstudding-sails below and aloft, she shot past the lugger, and left heron her quarter.
"now's your time, my men.
hoist away the jib-sheet to windward."
thelugger payed off as the wind caught the sail.
up withthe lugs."
the order was obeyed as an order generally is by men working for theirescape from what they most dreaded, poverty and imprisonment; and,before the frigate could reduce her sails, which were more than shecould carry on a wind, the lugger had shot away on her weather quarter,and was a quarter of a mile in advance.
the frigate tacked after her,firing gun after gun, but without success.
fortune favoured mcelvina;and the shades of night soon hid the lugger from the sight of herirritated and disappointed pursuers.
a long career was before _la bellesusanne_: she was not to be taken that time.
a fisherman he had been in his youth;  but other speculations were, in sooth,  added to his connection with the sea,  perhaps not so respectable, in truth,  ...  he had an only daughter.
not possessing a prompter's whistle, we must use, as a substitute, theboatswain's call, and, at his shrill pipe, we change the scene to a backparlour in one of the most confined streets at the east end of england'sproud and wealthy metropolis.
the _dramatis personae_ are an elderlyand corpulent personage, with as little of fashion in his appearance asin his residence; and a young female of about twenty years of age, withexpressive and beautiful features, but wanting "the damask on thecheek," the true value of which the fair sex so well appreciate, that,if not indebted for it to nature, they are too apt to resort to art foran unworthy imitation.
the first-mentioned of these two personages was busy examining, throughhis spectacles, some papers which lay on the table before him--occasionally diverted from his task by the pertinacity of some flies,which seemed to have taken a particular fancy to his bald forehead andscalp, which, in spite of his constant brushing off, they thought properto consider as a pleasant and smooth sort of coursing-plain, placedthere (probably in their ideas) solely for their amusement.
part of adecanter of wine, and the remains of a dessert, crowded the small tableat which he sat, and added to the general air of confinement whichpervaded the whole.
"it's very hot, my dear.
open the window, and let us have a littleair."
"oh, father," replied the young woman, who rose to throw up the sash,"you don't know how i pine for fresh air.
how long do you intend tocontinue this life of constant toil and privation?"
"how long, my dear?
why, i presume you do not wish to starve--you wouldnot be very well pleased if, when you applied for money, as you do,every week _at least_, i were to tell you that the bag was empty."
"oh, nonsense--i know better, father; don't think so poorly of me as toattempt to deceive me in that way."
"and pray, miss susan, what do you know?"
said the old gentleman,looking up at her through his spectacles, as she stood by the side ofhis chair.
"i know what you have taught me, sir.
do you recollect explaining to methe nature of the funds--what was the meaning of the national debt--allthe varieties of stock, and what interest they all bore?"
"well, and what then?"
"why, then, father, i have often seen the amounts of the dividends whichyou have received every half-year, and have heard your orders to wilmottto re-invest in the funds.
now, your last half-year's dividend in thethree per cents was--let me see--oh--841 pounds, 14 shillings, 6 pence,which, you know, doubled, makes itself an income of--""and pray, miss susan, what business have you with all this?"
retortedher father, half pleased, half angry.
"why, father, you taught me yourself; and thought me very stupid becausei did not comprehend it as soon as you expected," answered susan,leaning over and kissing him; "and now you ask me what business i haveto know it."
"well, well, girl, it's very true," said the old man, smiling, "butallowing that you are correct, what then?"
"why then, father, don't be angry if i say that it appears to me thatyou have more money now than you can spend while you live, or know towhom to leave when you die.
what, then, is the use of confiningyourself in a dirty, narrow street, and toiling all day for no earthlyadvantage?"
"but how do you know that i have nobody to leave my money to, susan?"
"have you not repeatedly said that you have no relations or kin, thatyou are aware of; except me; that you were once a sailor before themast--an orphan, bound apprentice by the parish?
whom, then, have youexcept _me_?--and if you continue here much longer, father, i feelconvinced that you will not have me--you will have no one.
if you knewhow tired i am of looking out at this horrid brick wall--how i long forthe country, to be running among the violets and primroses--how i pinefor relief from this little dungeon.
what would i give to be flyingbefore the breeze in the lugger with mcelvina!"
replied old hornblow, whom the reader may recognise asthe patron of our smuggling captain.
"well, father, there's no harm in saying so.
i want freedom.
i feel asif i could not be too free; i should like to be blown about in aballoon.
oh, why don't you give up business, go down to the sea-side,take a pretty little cottage, and make yourself and me happy?
i fancythe sea-breeze is blowing in my face, and all my ringlets out of curl.
i shall die if i stay here much longer--i shall indeed, father."
repeated attacks of this nature had already sapped the foundation; and alovely and only daughter had the influence over her father's heart, towhich she was entitled.
"well, well, susan, let mcelvina wind up the accounts of this vessel,and then i will do as you wish; but i cannot turn him adrift, you know."
"turn captain mcelvina adrift!
no--if you did, father--""i presume that you would be very much inclined to take him in tow--eh,miss?"
"i shall never act without attending to your advice, and consulting yourwishes, my dear father," answered susan, the suffusion of her unusuallypale cheeks proving that she required but colour to be perfectlybeautiful.
and here the conversation dropped.
old hornblow had long perceived thegrowing attachment between his daughter and mcelvina; and the faithfuland valuable services of the latter, added to the high opinion which theold man had of his honesty--which, to do mcelvina justice, had been mostscrupulous--had determined him to let things take their own course.
indeed, there was no one with whom old hornblow was acquainted to whomhe would have entrusted his daughter's happiness with so much confidenceas to our reformed captain.
a sharp double tap at the street door announced the post, and in a fewminutes after this conversation the clerk appeared with a letter for oldhornblow, who, pursuant to the prudent custom of those days, had hiscounting-house on the ground floor of his own residence, which enabledhim to go to his dinner, and return to his business in the evening.
nowadays we are all above our business, and live above our means (whichis in itself sufficient to account for the general distress that iscomplained of); and the counting-house is deserted before dusk, that wemay arrive at our residences in russell-square, or the regent's-park, intime to dress for a turtle dinner at six o'clock, instead of a muttonchop, or single joint, _en famille_, at two.
but to return.
old hornblow put on his spectacles (which were on thetable since they had been removed from his nose by susan when she kissedhim), and examined the post-mark, seal, and superscription, as if hewished to tax his ingenuity with a guess previously to opening theletter, which would have saved him all that trouble, and have decidedthe point of scrutiny--viz., from whom it came?
"mcelvina, i rather think," said he, musing; "but the postmark isplymouth.
how the deuce--!"
the two first lines of the letter wereread, and the old man's countenance fell.
susan, who had been all aliveat the mention of mcelvina's name, perceived the alteration in herfather's looks.
"no bad news, i hope, my dear father?"
"bad enough," replied the old man, with a deep sigh; "the lugger istaken by a frigate, and sent into plymouth."
"and captain mcelvina--he's not hurt, i hope?"
"no, i presume not, as he has written the letter, and says nothing aboutit."
satisfied upon this point, susan, who recollected her father's promise,was undutiful enough, we are sorry to say, to allow her heart to boundwith joy at the circumstance.
all her fond hopes were about to berealised, and she could hardly refrain from carolling the words ofariel, "where the bee sucks, there lurk i;" but fortunately sheremembered that other parties might not exactly participate in herdelight.
out of respect for her father's feelings, she therefore put ona grave countenance, in sad contrast with her eyes, which joy hadbrilliantly lighted up.
"well, it's a bad business," continued old hornblow.
(theclerk heard his master's voice, and came in.)
"bring me the ledger.
letme see--_belle susanne_--i wonder why the fool called her by that name,as if i had not one already to take money out of my pocket.
here itis--folio 59 continued, folio 100, 129, 147,--not balanced since aprillast year.
be quick, and strike me out a rough balance-sheet of thelugger."
"but what does captain mcelvina say, father?"
"what does he say?
why, that he is taken.
haven't i told you soalready, girl?"
replied old hornblow, in evident ill-humour.
"yes, but the particulars, my dear father!"
"oh, there's only the fact, without particulars--says he will write morefully in a day or two."
"i'll answer for him, that it was not his fault, father--he has alwaysdone you justice."
"i did not say that he had not; i'm only afraid that success has madehim careless--it's always the case."
"yes," replied susan, taking up the right cue; "as you say, father, hehas been very successful."
"he has," replied the old man, recovering his serenity a little, "verysuccessful indeed.
i dare say it was not his fault."
the clerk soon made his appearance with the rough balance-sheetrequired.
it did more to restore the good humour of the old man thaneven the soothing of his daughter.
here we are--_la belle susanne_--debtor to ---.
total, 14,864pounds, 14 shillings, 3 pence.
27,986 pounds, 16shillings, 8 pence.
balance to profit and loss, 13,122 pounds, 2shillings, 5 pence.
well, that's not so very bad in less than threeyears.
i think i may afford to lose her."
"why, father," replied susan, leaning over his shoulder, and lookingarchly at him, "'tis a fortune in itself; to a contented person."
but as, independently of mcelvina's letter not being sufficientlyexplicit, there are other circumstances connected with his capture thatare important to our history, we shall ourselves narrate theparticulars.
for more than two years, mcelvina, by his dexterity and courage, and thefast sailing of his vessel, had escaped all his pursuers, and regularlylanded his cargoes.
during this time, willy had made rapid progressunder his instruction, not only in his general education, but also inthat of his profession.
one morning the lugger was off cape clear, onthe coast of ireland, when she discovered a frigate to windward,--thewind, weather, and relative situations of the two vessels being much thesame as on the former occasion, when mcelvina, by his daring andjudicious manoeuvre, had effected his escape.
the frigate chased, andsoon closed-to within a quarter of a mile of the lugger, when sherounded-to, and poured in a broadside of grape, which brought herfore-yard down on deck.
from that moment such an incessant fire ofmusketry was poured in from the frigate, that every man on board ofmcelvina's vessel, who endeavoured to repair the mischief; wasimmediately struck down.
any attempt at escape was now hopeless.
whenwithin two cables' length, the frigate hove to the wind, keeping thelugger under her lee, and continued a fire of grape and musketry intoher, until the rest of her sails were lowered down.
the crew of the smuggler, perceiving all chance in their favour to beover, ran down below to avoid the fire, and secure their own effects.
the boats of the frigate were soon on board of the lugger, anddespatched back to her with mcelvina and the chief officers.
willyjumped into the boat, and was taken on board with his patron.
the captain of the frigate was on the quarter-deck; and as he turnedround, it occurred to willy that he had seen his face before, but whenor where he could not exactly call to mind; and he continued toscrutinise him, as he paced up and down the quarter-deck, revolving inhis mind where it was that he had encountered that peculiar countenance.
his eye, so fixed upon the captain that it followed him up and down ashe moved, at last was met by that of the latter, who, surprised atfinding so small a lad among the prisoners, walked over to the lee-sideof the quarter-deck, and addressed him with--"you're but a youngsmuggler, my lad; are you the captain's son?"
the voice immediately recalled to willy's recollection everycircumstance attending their last meeting, and who the captain was.
heanswered in the negative, with a smile.
"you've a light heart, youngster.
pray, what's your name?"
"_you_ said that my name was to be seymour, sir," replied willy,touching his hat.
"said his name was to be seymour!
what does the boy mean?--goodheavens!
i recollect," observed captain m---, for it was he.
"are youthe boy that i sent home in the _chasse-maree_, to be fitted out for thequarter-deck?"
"and how long have you been on this praiseworthy service?"
"ever since, sir," replied our hero, who had little idea of itsimpropriety.
_la belle susanne_ was as renowned for her fast sailing, and repeatedescapes from the cruisers, as captain mcelvina and his crew were fortheir courage and success.
the capture of the vessel had long been adesideratum of the english government; and captain m---, althoughgratified at her falling into his hands, was not very well pleased tofind that a lad, whom he had intended to bring forward in the serviceshould, as he supposed, have voluntarily joined a party, who had so longbid defiance to the laws and naval force of the country.
hiscountenance assumed an air of displeasure, and he was about to turnaway, without any further remarks, when mcelvina, who perceived howmatters stood, and felt aware that willy's future prospects were atstake, stepped forward, and respectfully addressing the captain,narrated in few words the rescue of willy from the wreck, and added thatthe boy had been detained by him, and had had no opportunity of leavingthe vessel, which had never anchored but in the french port of havre.
he also stated, what was indeed true, that he had always evadedexplaining to the boy the real nature of the service upon which thelugger was employed; from which it may be inferred that, notwithstandingmcelvina's defence of smuggling in our former chapters, he was not quiteso well convinced, in his own mind, of its propriety as he would haveinduced debriseau to suppose.
the assertions of mcelvina turned the scale again in willy's favour;and, after he had answered the interrogatories of the captain, relativeto the fate of mr bullock and the rest of the men in the prize, captainm---, who, although severe, was not only just, but kind-hearted,determined that his former good intentions relative to our hero shouldstill remain in force.
"well, mr seymour, you have seen a little service, and your captaingives you a high character, as an active and clever lad.
as you havebeen detained against your will, i think we may recover your time andpay.
i trust, however, that you will, in future, be employed in a morehonourable manner.
we shall, in all probability, be soon in port, andtill then you must remain as you are, for i cannot trust you again in aprize."
as our hero was in a new ship, the officers and ship's company of whichwere not acquainted with his history, except that he had been promoted,for an act of gallantry, by captain m---, he was favourably received byhis messmates.
the crew of the lugger were detained as prisoners onboard of the frigate, and the vessel in charge of one of the officerswas ordered to keep company, captain m--- having determined to returninto port, and not wishing to lose sight of his valuable prize.
"you have a very fine ship's company, captain mcelvina," observedcaptain m---.
"how many of them are english?"
"about eighty; and as good seamen as ever walked a plank."
captain m--- ordered the crew of the lugger aft of the quarter-deck, andput the question to them whether they would not prefer entering hismajesty's service to the confinement of a prison: but, at the moment,they felt too indignant at having been captured by the frigate to listento the proposal, and refused to a man.
captain m--- turned awaydisappointed, surveying the fine body of men with a covetous eye, asthey were ranged in a line on his quarter-deck.
he felt what a prizethey would be to him, if he could have added them to his own ship'scompany; for at that time it was almost impossible to man the number ofships which were employed in an effective manner.
"will you allow me to try what i can do for you, sir?"
said mcelvina, asthe men disappeared from the quarter-deck, to their former station asprisoners.
having received the nod of assent on the part of captainm---, mcelvina went down to the men, who gathered round him.
heforcibly pointed out to them the advantages of the proposal, and thegood chance they had of enriching themselves by the prize-money theywould make in a frigate which could capture such a fast-sailing vesselas the lugger.
he also dwelt upon the misery of the prison whichawaited them: but what decided them was the observation that, in allprobability, they would not be permitted (now that seamen were in suchrequest) to remain in prison, but would be drafted in several ships, andbe separated; whereas, by now entering for captain m---, they would allremain shipmates as before.
having obtained their unanimous consent, mcelvina, with a pleasedcountenance, came aft, followed by his men, and informed captainm--- that they had agreed to enter for his ship.
"allow me tocongratulate you, sir, on your good fortune, as you will yourselfacknowledge it to be, when you find out what an addition they will be toyour ship's company."
"i am indebted to you for your interference, sir," replied captain m---,"and shall not prove ungrateful.
your conduct in this affair makes meinclined to ask another favour.
i believe you can give me some valuableinformation, if you choose.
whether you are inclined to do so, i am notyet sure; but i now think that you will."
"you will find me an englishman, body and soul, sir and although i have,in defence of my profession, been occasionally necessitated to choosebetween capture and resistance, i can most conscientiously say, thatevery shot i have fired against my own countrymen has smitten me to theheart;" (and this assertion was true, although we have no time toanalyse mcelvina's feelings at present).
"i am not bound by honour, norhave i the least inclination, to conceal any information i may haveobtained, when in the french ports.
i went there to serve my purposes,and they allowed me to do so to serve their own.
i never would(although repeatedly offered bribes) bring them any information relativeto the proceedings of our own country, and i shall most cheerfullyanswer your questions; indeed, i have information which i would havegiven you before now, had i not felt that it might be supposed i wasactuated more by a view of serving myself than my country.
i only wish,captain m---, that you may fall in with a french frigate before i leaveyour ship, that i may prove to you that i can fight as well for oldengland as i have done in defence of property entrusted to my charge."
"then do me the favour to step down into the cabin," said captain m---.
captain m--- and mcelvina were shut up in the after-cabin for some time;and the information received by captain m--- was so important, that hedetermined not to anchor.
he put all the french prisoners on board ofthe lugger at the entrance of the sound, and, sending in a boat to takeout the major part of the men who had charge of her, he retainedmcelvina on board of the frigate, and made all sail for the frenchcoast.
that which should accompany old age,  as honour, love, obedience, troops of friends,  i must not look to have.
but we must return on shore, that we may not lose sight of thegrandfather of our hero, who had no idea that there was a being inexistence who was so nearly connected with him.
the time had come when that information was to be given; for, about sixweeks previous to the action we have described, in which adams thequarter-master was killed, admiral de courcy was attacked by a painfuland mortal disease.
as long as he was able to move about, hisirritability of temper, increased by suffering, rendered him moreinsupportable than ever; but he was soon confined to his room, and theprogress of the disease became so rapid, that the medical attendantsconsidered it their duty to apprise him that all hopes of recovery mustnow be abandoned, and that he must prepare himself for the worst.
the admiral received the intelligence with apparent composure, and bowedhis head to the physicians as they quitted his room.
he was alone, andleft to his own reflections, which were not of the most enviable nature.
he was seated, propped up in an easy chair, opposite the large frenchwindow, which commanded a view of the park.
the sun was setting, andthe long-extended shadows of the magnificent trees which adorned hisextensive domain were in beautiful contrast with the gleams of radiantlight, darting in long streaks between them on the luxuriant herbage.
the cattle, quietly standing in the lake, were refreshing themselvesafter the heat of the day, and the deer lay in groups under the shade,or crouching in their lairs, partly concealed by the underwood and fern.
all was in repose and beauty, and the dying man watched the sun, as itfast descended to the horizon, as emblematical of his race, so shortlyto be sped.
he surveyed the groups before him--he envied even thebeasts of the field, and the reclaimed tenants of the forest, for theyat least had of their kind, with whom they could associate; but he,their lord and master, was alone--alone in the world, without one wholoved or cared for him, without one to sympathise in his sufferings andadminister to his wants, except from interested motives--without one tosoothe his anguish, and soften the pillow of affliction and disease--without one to close his eyes, or shed a tear, now that he was dying.
his thoughts naturally reverted to his wife and children.
he knew thattwo of these individuals, out of three, were in the cold grave--andwhere was the other?
the certain approach of death had alreadyhumanised and softened his flinty heart.
the veil that had been drawnby passion between his conscience and his guilt was torn away.
the pastrushed upon his memory with dreadful rapidity and truth, and horribleconviction flashed upon his soul, as he unwillingly acknowledged himselfto be the murderer of his wife and child.
remorse, as usual, followed,treading upon the heels of conviction--such remorse, that, in a shortspace, the agony became insupportable.
after an ineffectual struggle of pride, he seized the line which wasattached to the bell-rope, and, when his summons was obeyed, desiredthat the vicar might be immediately requested to come to him.
acquainted with the admiral's situation, the vicar had anxiously waitedthe summons which he was but too well aware would come, for he knew thehuman heart, and the cry for aid which the sinner in his fear sendsforth.
he was soon in the presence of the admiral, for the first timesince the day that he quitted the house with the letter of theunfortunate peters in his possession.
the conversation which ensuedbetween the agitated man, who had existed only for this world, and theplacid teacher, who had considered it (as he inculcated) as only, apreparation for a better, was too long to be here inserted.
it will besufficient to say, that the humbled and terrified wretch, the suffererfrom disease, and greater sufferer from remorse, never could have beenidentified with the once proud and over-bearing mortal who had so longspurned at the precepts of religion, and turned a deaf ear to the mildpersuasions of its apostle.
"but that letter!"
continued the admiral, in a faltering voice--"whatwas it?
i have yet one child alive--oh, send immediately for him, andlet me implore his forgiveness for my cruelty."
"that letter, sir, was written but one hour previously to his death."
cried the admiral, turning his eyes up to the ceiling.
"god have mercy on me!
then i have murdered him also.
and how did hedie?
did he starve, as i expressed in my horrid--horrid wish?"
"no, sir; his life was forfeited to the offended laws of his country."
"good god, sir!"
hastily replied the admiral, whose ruling passion--pride--returned for the moment, "you do not mean to say that he washanged?"
"even so; but here is the letter which he wrote--read it."
the admiral seized the letter in his tremulous hand, and devoured everyword as he perused it.
he let it fall on his knees, and said, in asubdued voice, "my god!--my god!--and he asked forgiveness, and forgivesme!"
then, with frantic exclamation, he continued: "wretch that i am,--would that i had died for thee, my son--my son!"
and clasping his handsover his head, he fell back in a state of insensibility.
the vicar, much affected with the scene, rang the bell for assistance,which was obtained; but the wretched man had received a shock whichhastened his dissolution.
he was too much exhausted to sit upright, andthey were obliged to carry him to the bed, from which he never roseagain.
as soon as he was sufficiently recovered to be able to converse,he waved the servants from the room, and resumed in a faltering voice--"but, sir, he mentions his child--my grandchild.
where is he?
can isee him?"
"i am afraid not, sir," replied the vicar, who then entered into arecital of the arrangements which had taken place, and the name of theship on board of which our hero had been permitted to remain, under thecharge of adams, the quartermaster.
the admiral listened to the recital of the vicar without interruption,and, as soon as it was finished, to the great joy of the worthy pastor,expressed the most anxious wish to make every reparation in his power.
aware that difficulties might arise, from the circumstance of our hero'sexistence not being suspected by his collateral heirs, who had for sometime considered as certain their ultimate possession of his largeentailed property, he directed a will to be immediately drawn up,acknowledging his grandchild, and leaving to him all his personalproperty, which was very considerable; and praying the vicar to takeupon himself the office of guardian to the boy--a request which wascheerfully complied with.
the admiral would not listen to the repeatedrequests of the vicar, to take the repose which his excited and sinkingframe required, until the necessary document had been drawn out, signed,and duly witnessed.
when all was complete he fell back on the pillow,in such a state of exhaustion as threatened immediately to terminate hiscareer.
it was late when the vicar took his leave, after havingadministered some little consolation to the repentant and dying man, andpromised to call upon him early on the ensuing morning.
but the vicar had other duties to perform, which induced him to deferhis visit until the following noon.
others were sick, others weredying, and needed spiritual consolation; and he made no distinctionbetween the rich and the poor.
the physicians had expressed theiropinion that the admiral might linger for many days, and the vicarthought that advantage might be derived from his being left for a shorttime to his own reflections, and to recover from the state of exhaustionarising from the communications of the preceding evening.
when hearrived at the hall the windows were closed--admiral de courcy was nomore.
reader, you shall hear how he died.
it was about two o'clock in themorning that he awoke from an uneasy slumber, and felt his endapproaching.
the old crone who had been hired as a nurse to watch atnight, was fast asleep in her chair.
the rushlight had burned low downin the socket, and, through the interstices of its pierced shade, threwa feeble and alternate light and shadow over the room.
the mouth of thedying man was glued together from internal heat, and he suffered fromagonising thirst.
he murmured for relief, but no one answered.
againand again he attempted to make his careless attendant acquainted withhis wants, but in vain.
he stretched out his arm and moved the curtainsof the bed, that the noise of the curtain-rings upon the iron rods mighthave the effect, and then fell back with exhaustion, arising from theeffort which he had made.
the old beldame, who, for money, was willing to undertake the mostrevolting offices, and who, without remuneration, was so hardened, byher constant familiarity with disease and death, that she was callousand insensible to the most earnest supplication, woke up at the noisewhich the curtain-rings had made, and opened the curtain to ascertainwhat was required.
long experience told her at once that all would soonbe over, and she was convinced that her charge would never rise or speakagain.
this was true; but the suffering man (his arm lying outside of thebedclothes, and his elbow bent upwards) still pointed with his finger tohis parched mouth, with a look of entreaty from his sinking eyes.
theold fiend shut the curtains, and the admiral waited with impatience forthem to reopen with the drop of water "to cool his parched tongue"--butin vain.
leaving him to his fate, she hobbled about the room to securea golden harvest, before others should make their appearance and shareit with her.
his purse was on the table: she removed the gold which itcontained, and left the silver; she chose that which she imagined to bethe most valuable of the three rings on the dressing table; she detachedone seal from the chain of his watch.
she then repaired to the wardrobeand examined its contents.
one of her capacious pockets was soon filledwith the finest cambric handkerchiefs, all of which she first took theprecaution to open and hold up to the light, rejecting those which werenot of the finest texture.
the silk stockings were the next articlesthat were coveted; they were unfolded one by one, and her skinny armpassed up, that the feet might be extended by her shrivelled hands, toascertain whether they were darned or not--if so, they were rejected.
the wardrobe was on the opposite side of the bed, and on that side thecurtains had not been closed.
the dying man had still enough sight leftto perceive the employment of his attendant.
what must have been hisfeelings!
he uttered a deep groan, which startled the old hag, and sherepaired to the bedside, to examine the state of her charge.
again he pointed with his finger to his mouth, and again she returned toher employment, without having rendered the assistance which herequired.
his eyes followed, and his finger still pointed.
havingransacked every drawer, and secured all that she dared take, or that herpockets could contain, she rang the bell for the servants of the house;then pulling out her handkerchief, ready to put to her eyes in token ofsympathy, she sat down on her easy chair to await their coming.
in the meanwhile, the eyes of the unfortunate man gradually turnedupward; his vision was gone, but his agonising thirst continued to thelast; and when the retainers of the family came in, he was found dead,with his finger still pointing in the same direction.
with ordinary minds, there is something so terrible in death, somethingso awful in the dissolution of the elements of our frame, something sohorrible in the leap into the dark abyss, that it requires all thepowers of a fortified spirit, all the encouragement of a goodconscience, and all the consolations of religion and of faith, to enableus to muster any degree of resolution for the awful change.
but ifaught can smooth the pillow--can chase away from the terrified spiritthe doubt and depression by which it is overwhelmed, it is the beingsurrounded and attended by those who are devoted and endeared to us.
when love, and duty, and charity, and sympathy hover round the couch ofthe departing, fainting hope is supported by their presence, and thefleeting spirit, directed by them, looks upward to the realms from whichthese heaven-born passions have been permitted to descend on earth, tocheer us through our weary pilgrimage.
what, then, had admiral de courcy to support him in his last moments?--agood conscience?--faith?--hope?--love?--duty?--or even sympathy?--wanting all, he breathed his last.
but, let us--  forbear to judge, for we are sinners all;  close up his eyes, and draw the curtains  close.
and let us all to meditation.
the vicar affixed seals upon the drawers, to secure the remainder of theproperty (for the example of the old nurse had been followed by manyothers), and, having given directions for the funeral, returned to hisown home.
the second day after the admiral's death, a carriage and four drovefuriously up the avenue and stopped at the entrance door.
the occupantsdescended, and rang the bells with an air of authority; the summons wasanswered by several of the male domestics, who were anxiously lookingout for the new proprietor of the domain.
a tall man, of verygentlemanlike appearance, followed by a mean-looking personage in black,walked in, the latter as he followed, proclaiming the other to theservants as the heir-at-law, and present owner of the property.
by thistime the whole household were assembled, lining the hall for thevisitors to pass, and bowing and curtseying to the ground.
the vicar,who had expected the appearance of these parties, had left directionsthat he might be immediately acquainted with their arrival.
on receiptof the information, he proceeded to the hall, and was ushered into thelibrary, where he found them anxiously awaiting his arrival, that theseals might be withdrawn which had been placed upon the drawers.
"whom have i the honour of addressing, sir?"
said the vicar to thetaller of the two, whom he presumed, by his appearance, to be thesuperior.
"sir," replied the little man, in a pompous manner, "you are speaking tomr rainscourt, the heir-at-law, of this entailed property."
"i am sorry, truly sorry, sir," replied the vicar, "that from not havingbeen well informed, you should be subjected to such severedisappointment.
i am afraid, sir, that, the grandchild of admiral decourcy will have a prior claim."
the two parties started from their chairs and looked at each other inamazement.
replied the little man--"never even heard that therewas such a person."
"very probably, sir; but i have long known it, and so did admiral decourcy, as you will perceive when you read his will, which is in mypossession, as guardian to the child--and upon the strength of whichoffice i have put seals upon the property."
the parties looked aghast.
"we must inquire into this," replied the legal adviser, for such he was.
"i am ready to give you any information you may require," replied thevicar.
"i have here copies of the marriage certificate of the parents,and the register of baptism of the child, the originals of which youwill find in the parish church of ---, not five miles distant; and i canmost satisfactorily prove his identity, should that be necessary."
"and where is the grandchild?"
"at sea, on board a man-of-war, at the dying request of his father, whodetermined that he should be brought up for the service.
would you liketo see the late admiral's will?"
the tall gentleman bowed assent, and it was read.
having been carefullyexamined by the lawyer, as well as the other documents in the vicar'spossession, all appeared so clear and conclusive, that he unwillinglyacknowledged to his employer, in a whisper, that there was no chance ofsetting the will aside.
pallid with the revulsion of feelings from hopeto despair, the pretender to the estates ordered the horses to bebrought out, and, on their being announced, with a slight bow to thevicar, retired from the library.
but outside, the state of affairs was altered, by the servants havingoverheard the conversation.
no one was attentive enough to open thedoor to let out those whom they had so obsequiously admitted: and one ofthe postilions was obliged to dismount, to shut up the chaise after theyhad entered it.
such is the deference shown respectively to those whoare, or are not, the real heirs-at-law.
on deck five hundred men did dance,  the stoutest they could find in france.
we with two hundred did advance,  on board of the _arethusa_.
our captain hailed the frenchman "ho!"
the frenchman then cried out "hallo!"
"bear down, d'ye see,  to our admiral's lee."
"no, no," says the frenchman, "that can't be;"  "then i must lug you along with me,"  says the saucy _arethusa_.
the information received from mcelvina, which induced captain m--- notto anchor, was relative to a french frigate of the largest class, thathe had great hopes of falling in with.
she was lying in the harbour ofbrest, waiting for a detachment of troops which had been ordered toembark, when she was to sail for rochefort, to join a squadron intendedto make a descent upon some of our colonies.
previously to mcelvina'ssailing from the port of havre, the prefect of that arrondissement hadissued directions for certain detachments to march on a stated day tocomplete the number of troops ordered on board.
mcelvina had sure data from which to calculate as to the exact period ofembarkation, and was also aware that the frigate had orders to sail tothe port of rendezvous the first favourable wind after the embarkationhad taken place.
in two days the _aspasia_, for that was the name ofthe frigate commanded by captain m---, was off ushant, and the captain,taking the precaution to keep well off the land during the day-time,only running in to make the lights after dark, retained his position offthat island until the wind shifted to the northward: he then shaped acourse so as to fall in with the french coast about thirty miles to thesouthward of the harbour of brest.
it was still dark, when captainm---, having run his distance, shortened sail, and hove-to in thecruising ground which mcelvina had recommended; and so correct was thecalculation, as well as the information of the captain of the smugglers,that at day-break, as the frigate lay with her head in-shore, with thewind at nor'-nor'-west, a large vessel was descried under the land, alittle on her weather-bow.
after severely scrutinising the stranger forsome minutes with his glass, which he now handed to mcelvina--"that's she, indeed, i believe," said captain m---.
"a large frigate, with studding-sails set, standing across our bows,"cried out the first-lieutenant, from the mast-head.
"she'll try for the passage du raz; we must cut her off; if we can.
hands, make sail."
the hands were summoned up by the shrill pipe of the boatswain and hismates; but it was quite unnecessary, as the men had already crowded ondeck upon the first report which had been communicated below, and werein clusters on the forecastle and gangways.
loose top-gallant sails and royals--clear away theflying-jib," were orders that were hardly out of the mouth of thefirst-lieutenant, breathless with his rapid descent from aloft, when thegaskets were off; and the sails hung fluttering from the yards.
inanother minute the sheets were home, the sails hoisted and trimmed, andthe _aspasia_ darted through the yielding waves, as if the eagerness ofpursuit which quickened the pulses of her crew had been communicatedfrom them like an electric shock to her own frame, and she wereconscious that her country demanded her best exertions.
"pipe the hammocks up, mr hardy," said captain m--- to thefirst-lieutenant; "when they are stowed we will beat to quarters."
"ay, ay, sir.
shall we order the fire out in the galley?"
"when the cocoa is ready, not before--there will be plenty of time forthe people to get their breakfast.
how does the land bear, mr pearce?"
"saint island about south east by south, eight or nine miles, sir,"replied the master.
"if so, i think we shall cut him off; and then `fight he must.'"
both frigates had hoisted their colours in defiance, and as they weresteering for the same point, they neared each other fast; the frenchvessel, with his starboard studding-sails, running for the entrance ofthe narrow passage, which he hoped to gain, and the _aspasia_close-hauled to intercept him, and at the same time to avoid thedangerous rocks to leeward, far extending from saint island, whose namethey bore.
"have the men had their breakfasts, mr hardy?"
said the captain.
"the cocoa was in the tub, sir," answered the first-lieutenant, "readyfor serving out; but they started it all in the lee-scuppers.
theywanted the tub to fill it with shot."
captain m--- smiled at the enthusiasm of his crew; but the smile wassuddenly checked, as he reflected that probably many of the fine fellowswould never breakfast again.
"if not contrary to your regulations, captain m---," said mcelvina, "asthe crew of the _susanne_ have not yet been incorporated with yourship's company, may i request that they may be stationed together, andthat i may be permitted to be with them?"
"your suggestion is good," replied the captain, "and i am obliged to youfor the offer.
they shall assist to work the quarter-deck carronades,and act as boarders and sail trimmers.
mr hardy, let the new men beprovided with cutlasses, and fill up any vacancies in the main-deckquarters, from some of our own men who are at present stationed at thequarter-deck guns."
the frigates were now within gunshot of each other, and it wasimpossible to say which vessel would first attain the desired goal.
theforemost guns of the respective ships which had been trained forwardwere reported to bear upon the enemy, and both commanders were awarethat "knocking away a stick"--i.e., the shots striking the masts oryards of her opponent, so as to occasion them to fall--would decide thepoint.
at the very time that captain m--- was giving directions to firethe main-deck guns as they would bear, the first shot from hisantagonist whizzed over his head, and the action commenced, each partyattempting to cripple his opponent by firing high at his masts andrigging.
the frigates continued to engage, until they had closed-towithin half a mile of each other, when the main-topmast of the frenchmanfell over the side.
this decided the point as to his escape through the passage, which hehad made his utmost exertions to effect, in pursuance of the peremptoryorders which he had received.
he now hauled his wind on the same tackas the _aspasia_, pouring in his starboard broadside as he rounded-to.
the manoeuvre was good, as he thereby retained his weather-gage--and thewreck of his top-mast having fallen over his larboard side, he had hisstarboard broadside, which was all clear, and directed towards hisopponent; moreover, he forced the _aspasia_ to follow him into the bayformed between the bec du raz and the bec du chevre, where she would inall probability receive considerable damage from the batteries whichlined the coast.
captain m--- was aware of all this; but his only fear was that his enemyshould run on shore, and prevent his carrying him into port.
the_aspasia_ was soon abreast of her opponent, and their broadsides wereexchanged, when captain m---, who wished to bring the action to a speedyconclusion, shot his vessel ahead, which he was enabled to do, from hissuperiority of sailing, after the main-topmast of the french frigate hadbeen shot away.
it was his intention not to have tacked until he couldhave fetched his antagonist, but the galling fire of the batteries,which now hulled him every time, induced him to go about, and, as he wasin stays, a raking shot entered the cabin windows, and, in its passagealong the main-deck, added ten men to his list of killed and wounded.
again the frigates, on opposite tacks, poured in their broadsides--thefore-yard of the frenchman was divided in the slings, and fell, hangingby the topsail sheets and lifts, and tearing the sails, which fell overthe forecastle guns, and caught fire as they were discharged at the samemoment.
nor did the _aspasia_ suffer less, for her mizen-topmast wasshot through, and her starboard anchor, cut from her bows, fell underher bottom and tore away the cable (a short range of which captainm--- had had the precaution to have on deck, as they fought so close inshore).
this threw the men at the guns into confusion, and brought theship up in the wind.
the cable was at last separated, and flew out ofthe hawse-hole after the anchor, which plunged to the bottom but thiswas not effected, until, like an enormous serpent, it had enfolded inits embraces three or four hapless men, who were carried with dreadfulvelocity to the hawse-hole, where their crushed bodies for a timestopped it from running out, and gave their shipmates an opportunity ofdividing it with their axes.
order was eventually restored, and the _aspasia_, who had been raked byher active opponent during the time that she was thrown up in the wind,continued her course, and as she passed the stern of the french frigate,luffed up and returned the compliment.
the latter, anxious in hiscrippled state for the support of the batteries, which had alreadyseriously injured his opponent, continued to forge inshore.
"we shall weather her now;--'bout ship, mr pearce.
recollect, mylads," said captain m---, when the ship was about, "you'll reserve yourfire till we touch her sides; then all hands to board."
the _aspasia_ ranged up on the weather quarter of her antagonist--pearce, the master, conning her by the captain's directions, so that thefore-chains of the french vessel should be hooked by the spare anchor ofthe _aspasia_.
the enemy, who, in his disabled state, was not in asituation to choose whether he would be boarded or not, poured in adouble-shotted and destructive broadside; and it was well for captainm--- that his ship's company had received the reinforcement which theyhad from the _susanne_, for the french frigate was crowded with men, andbeing now within pistol-shot, the troops, who were so thick on deck asto impede the motions of each other, kept up an incessant fire ofmusketry, cutting the _aspasia's_ running rigging, riddling her sails,and disabling her men.
"hard a-port now!"
cried pearce, and the vessels came in collision, thespare anchor in the _aspasia's_ fore-chains catching and tearing awaythe backstays and lanyards of the enemy's fore-rigging, and, with aviolent jerk, bringing down the fore-topmast to windward.
at thismoment the reserved broadside of the _aspasia_ was discharged, and thetwo frigates heeled over opposite ways, from the violent concussion ofthe air in the confined space between them.
while yet enveloped in thesmoke, the men flew up on deck, as they had been previously directed bycaptain m---, who leaped upon the quarter-deck hammocks of his ownfrigate, and, holding with one hand by the mizen-topmast backstay, withhis sword in the other, waving to encourage his men, waited a second ortwo for the closing of the after-parts of the vessels, before he led onhis boarders.
the smoke rolled away through the masts of the french frigate, anddiscovered her captain, with equal disregard to his safety, in nearly asimilar position on the hammock rails of his own vessel.
the rivalcommanders were not six feet apart, when the main-chains of the twovessels crashed as they came in collision.
the french captain drew apistol from his belt and levelled it at captain m---, whose fateappeared to be certain; when, at the critical moment, a hat, thrown fromthe quarter-deck of the _aspasia_, right into the face of the frenchman,blinded him for a minute, and his pistol went off without taking effect.
"capital shot, that, willy!"
cried mcelvina, as he sprang from thehammocks with his sword, "giving point" in advance, and, while stilldarting through the air with the impetus of his spring, passing itthrough the body of the french captain, who fell back on his ownquarter-deck, while mcelvina, fortunately for himself, dropped into thechains, for, had he a hundred lives, they would have fallen a sacrificeto the exasperated frenchman: but the smugglers had followed mcelvina;and captain m---, with the rest of his ship's company, were thronging,like bees, in the rigging, hammocks, and chains of their opponent.
fromthe destructive fire of the french troops, many an english seaman felldead, or, severely wounded, was reserved for a worse fate--that offalling overboard between the ships, and, at the heave of the sea, beingcrushed between their sides.
many a gallant spirit was separated fromits body by this horrid death as the strife continued.
possession was at length gained of the quarter-deck; but the carnage wasnot to cease.
the french troops stationed in the boats on the booms,formed a sort of pyramid, vomiting incessant fire; and the commandanthad had the sagacity to draw up three lines of his men, with theirbayonets fixed, from one side of the vessel to the other, abreast of thegangways, forming a barrier, behind which the crew of the french hadretreated, and which was impenetrable to the gallant crew of the_aspasia_, who were only provided with short cutlasses.
captain m---, as he saw his men falling on every side, and every attemptto force a passage unsuccessful, although accompanied with heavy loss oflives, found himself, as it were, in a trap.
to force his way throughappeared impossible--to retreat was against his nature.
mcelvina, whohad been fighting by his side, perceived the awkward and dangerouspredicament they were in, and his ready talent suggested a remedy.
calling out loudly, "susannes!
away there!--follow me!"
an orderinstantly obeyed by his men, he disappeared with them over the hammocks,leaping back upon the quarter-deck of the _aspasia_.
"curses on the smuggler, he has run for it.
at them again, my britonsnever mind," cried the first-lieutenant, leading on the men against thephalanx of bayonets.
but it was not as the first-lieutenant hadsupposed; for before the cutlasses of the seamen had time again tostrike fire upon the steel points which opposed their passage, mcelvinareappeared in the fore-rigging of the french vessel, followed by hissmugglers, who attacked the french troops in the rear, with a loud yell,and an impetuosity that was irresistible.
the diversion was announcedby a cheer from captain m--- and his party abaft, who, rushing upon thebayonets of the frenchman, already in confusion from the attack ofmcelvina, forced them down on the main-deck, and in a few minutes thehatches were secured over the remainder of the crew, and the tricolouredensign disappeared from the gaff; and announced to the spectators in thebatteries on shore, that "_britannia ruled the waves_."
to britain's pride  once so faithful and so true,  on the deck of fame that died  with the gallant, good riou--  soft sigh the winds of heaven o'er their grave!
while the billow mournful rolls,  and the mermaid's song condoles,  singing glory to the souls  of the brave!
hasty congratulations between the survivors of the victorious party wereexchanged as they proceeded to obey the orders which were issued bycaptain m--- who directed their attention to the relief of the wounded,lying in heaps upon the deck, in many instances nearly smothered withthe dead bodies which had fallen upon them, and which their ownexhausted powers would not permit them to remove.
the task ofseparation of those who were past all mortal aid from those who mightstill derive benefit from surgical assistance, was as tedious as it wasafflicting.
no distinction was made between the rival sufferers, but,as they came to hand, english or french, they were carefully conveyed tothe half-decks of the respective ships, the surgeons of which were inreadiness to receive them, their shirt-sleeves turned up to the elbows,and hands and arms stained with blood, proving that they had alreadybeen actively employed in the duties of their profession.
on the foremost part of the larboard side of the french frigate'squarter-deck, where captain m--- and his crew had boarded, the dead anddying lay in a heap, the summit of which was level with the tops of thecarronades that they were between; and an occasional low groan fromunder the mass, intimated that some were there who were dying more fromthe pressure of the other bodies, than from the extent of their ownwounds.
captain m---, although he had lost much blood, and was still bleedingprofusely, would not leave the deck until he had collected a party toseparate the pile; and many were relieved, who, in a few minutes more,would have been suffocated.
at the bottom of the heap was the body of the gallant french captain;and captain m--- was giving directions to the first-lieutenant to haveit carried below, when willy, who was earnestly looking about the deck,brushed up against the latter, who said to him--"come, youngster, out of the way, you're no use here."
"has any one seen my hat?"
interrogated the boy, as he obeyed the order,and removed to a short distance.
"here it is, my bantam," said one of the boatswain's mates, who haddiscovered it as they removed the body of the french captain, underwhich it had lain, jammed as flat as a pancake.
"then it was to you that i was indebted for that well-timed assistance;"said captain m---, taking the hat from the boatswain's mate, andrestoring it as well as he could to its former shape before he put it onwilly's head.
willy looked up in the captain's face, and smiled assent as he walkedaway.
"a good turn is never lost," observed captain m---; "and the old fableof the mouse and the lion is constantly recurring to make us humble.
ifi had not put that boy on the quarter-deck, i should in all probabilityhave made a vacancy.
it was remarkable presence of mind on his part."
we have not broken in upon our narrative to state, that during the scenewe have described mr pearce, the master, had succeeded in putting bothvessels before the wind, although they still were hugged in each other'sembraces, as if they had always been the best friends in the world, andthey were now out of the reach of the enemy's batteries, which (as soonas they perceived the unfavourable results of the action) had commencedfiring with red-hot balls, emblematical of their wrath.
when the wounded had been carried below, and placed in comparativecomfort on board of their respective ships, the dead bodies were nextexamined.
those of the french (with the exception of that of thecaptain) were launched overboard; while those of the english were thenremoved, and the french officers, having delivered up their swords, werepermitted to remain on deck upon parole, while the men were secured downbelow in the fore and main holds of the _aspasia_, the hatchways beingcovered over with a strong splinter-netting, that they might not bedeprived of fresh air in their crowded situation.
the charge of theprize having been confided to the first-lieutenant and fifty men, thetwo ships were separated, and laid to, to repair the damages sustainedin the conflict.
captain m---, whose wounds were not serious, had descended for a shorttime to have them washed and dressed.
his anxiety to put his ship in anefficient state, and get clear of the bay, previous to bad weathercoming on, had induced him to return on deck as soon as he had taken alittle refreshment.
mcelvina had also cleansed himself from the gore with which he had beenbegrimed, and having applied to the surgeon to assuage the pain of asevere cut which he had received on his shoulder, came upon thequarter-deck with his arm in a sling, dressed with his usual precisionand neatness.
he touched his hat to captain m---, with whom he had notcommunicated since he had quitted him on the quarter-deck of the frenchfrigate, to create the fortunate diversion in favour of the boarders.
"captain mcelvina," said captain m---, taking his hand, and shaking itwarmly, "i can hardly express how much i am obliged to you for yourconduct this day.
you may be assured that, upon my return, i shall notfail to make a proper representation of it to government.
i only wishthat there was any situation in my ship that could induce you toremain."
"thank you, captain m---," replied mcelvina, smiling; "but, although ona smaller scale, i have long been accustomed to command; and i should bevery sorry that a vacancy should occur in the only situation i wouldaccept."
"i expected an answer to that effect," replied captain m---.
"however,you have this day nobly redeemed your character, and silenced anyimputations of hostility to your country that might be thrown upon youin consequence of your late employment; and i sincerely congratulateyou."
"captain m---, as you are kind enough to express friendly feelingstowards me, may i request that they may be shown by the interest youtake in young seymour?
i cannot but approve his following thehonourable career marked out for him; and my regret at parting with onewho has so entwined himself round my heart will be considerably lessenedby the assurance that you will be his friend and protector.
anyexpenses--""not one word upon that score," replied captain m---; "the boy saved mylife this day by his unusual presence of mind, and i shall watch overhim as if he were my own child."
"shall be attended to.
i pledge you my honour to do him every justice."
mcelvina bowed and walked away to the other side of the quarter-deck;the idea of parting with willy was always painful to him, and, weak withthe loss of blood, he was afraid that the emotion would be perceived,which he now felt less able to control.
thus it is with proud man.
he struggles to conceal effects arising fromfeeling which do honour to his nature; but feels no shame when hedisgraces himself by allowing his passions to get the better of hisreason--and all because he would not be thought _womanish_!
i'mparticularly fond of crying myself.
the list of killed and wounded was brought up by the second-lieutenant(the duty of the first, who was in charge of the prize, having devolvedupon him)--the former having been ascertained by mustering the ship'scompany, the latter from the report of the surgeon.
a deep sigh escaped from the breast of the captain as he looked own atthe total.
"forty-four killed--sixty-seven wounded!
this is heavyindeed.
poor stevenson, i thought he was only wounded."
"since dead, sir," replied the second-lieutenant; "we have lost apleasant messmate."
"and his majesty a valuable officer," replied the captain.
"i am afraidhis mother will feel it in more ways than one--he supported her, ithink."
"he did, sir: will you not give an acting order to one of the younggentlemen?"
(it was the third-lieutenant over whom they werelamenting.)
"yes, make it out for mr robertson."
"he's in the list, sir."
so he is, poor fellow!
well, then--mr wheatley--let itbe made out for him."
"ay, ay, sir."
it was not until the ensuing day that the loss of the enemy could beascertained.
crowded as were her decks with troops, it was enormous.
not only the first and second captains, second-lieutenant, and sevenjunior officers of the frigate had fallen, but eleven officers of thedetachment of soldiers sent on board of her.
the total loss appeared tobe one hundred and forty-seven killed, and one hundred and eighty-fourwounded, out of an aggregate of nearly nine hundred men.
in a few days the _aspasia_ and her prize arrived at plymouth, theenglish colours proudly waving over the tricoloured flag of her lateopponent, and both vessels ran into hamoaze amidst the cheers ofthousands of spectators assembled upon mount wise and mount edgecomb togreet their gallant and successful defenders.
captain m--- immediatelyproceeded to london, where the representation which he made ofmcelvina's conduct was followed by an order for his immediate release,and mcelvina, taking an affectionate leave of willy, with a partinginjunction to "_be honest_," set off to report to old hornblow, and hisdaughter susan all the circumstances attending the capture of hislugger, and the events which had subsequently ensued.
so; poverty at home, and debts abroad,  my present fortune bad; my hopes yet worse!
what will become of me?
the gentleman who had supposed himself the next heir to the entailedproperty, vacant by the demise of admiral de courcy, and whose hastyvisit and departure from hall we have mentioned in a previous chapter,was a third cousin of the deceased.
his history is short.
he hadsquandered away the personal property left him by his father; and hisfamily estate, which was of greater extent than value, was mortgaged foreven more than it was worth.
he had lately subsisted by borrowing largesums of money at exorbitant interest, upon the expectancy of succeedingto the property of admiral de courcy.
the result of his visit to thehall was, therefore, unsatisfactory in more ways than one; and before hehad arrived at his own residence, his obsequious little friend in blackhad reminded him of certain bonds which were in his possession, andassumed a tone and demeanour towards his client very different from thatin which he had addressed the supposed inheritor of the large propertyof d---; intimating in very plain terms that some speedy arrangementmust be made.
rainscourt, who had nothing left except the old castle on his propertyat galway, his manorial rights, and the unbounded attachment anddevotion of the wild tenants, who looked upon him as their feudalchieftain, felt convinced that he had no resource but to escape from hisnumerous creditors, who would not hesitate to put him in durance, andwhose impatience had been with difficulty restrained until the death ofthe admiral.
the _speedy arrangement_ upon which he determined was, toset off immediately for ireland, and, by regaining his castle, defylegal authority,--if there could be found any that would be rash enoughto attempt his person, when encircled by his lawless retainers.
as he descended from the chaise, at the handsomely furnished lodgings,in the west end of the metropolis, which he had engaged, his companioninformed him, with a haughty air, that he would have the honour ofpaying his respects on the ensuing noon; while rainscourt, with hisusual indifference to money, dismissed the post boys with a handsomegratuity, although there were not many guineas left in his purse; andthen proceeded up to the drawing room, on the first-floor, where hiswife and only daughter were anxiously awaiting his arrival.
mrs rainscourt, still a fine and elegant woman, had, in her youth, beenremarkable for her great personal attractions; and for two seasons, hadbeen considered as the belle of the irish metropolis.
she was, at thatperiod, a high-spirited and generous-minded girl, easily provoked, andas easily appeased--proud of her beauty and her accomplishments, whichher worldly-minded parents were in hopes would be bartered for acoronet.
rainscourt was also, at that time, one of the handsomest, ifnot the handsomest man in ireland, with the advantage of polishedmanners, talent, and ancient birth.
received and courted in everysociety, he was as indefatigable in squandering away his property as theparents of mrs rainscourt were in trying to obtain an advantageousestablishment for their daughter.
rainscourt was proud and overbearingin disposition: vain, to excess, of his personal advantages, heconsidered himself irresistible with the other sex.
he had seen andadmired his future spouse; but still, as he required an alliance whichwould enable him to indulge in his extravagance, and as her parents wereaware that rainscourt was, or would soon be, a ruined man, in allprobability they would never have come in contact, but have rolled indifferent orbits, more consonant to their views and their happiness, hadit not occurred that, at a large and convivial party, rainscourt'svanity had been piqued by his companions, who told him that he nevercould obtain the hand of miss ---, whose parents aspired to a higherconnection.
piqued at this remark, and flushed with the wine that hadbeen freely circulated, he offered to stake a considerable sum that hewould succeed before a certain allotted time.
the wager was accepted.
rainscourt courted without affection: and, by his assiduities andfeigned attachment, ultimately succeeded in persuading the fond girl todestroy all the golden visions of her parent, and resign herself to hisarms, where he assured her that competence and love would be found morethan commensurate to a coronet and neglect.
they eloped; all dublin was in an uproar for three days.
rainscourtreceived the amount of his bet, and the congratulations of his friends,and for a short time he and his wife lived together without any seriousfracas.
the first that occurred proceeded from an anonymous letter,evidently written by some envious and disappointed female, acquaintingmrs rainscourt with all the circumstances attending the bet, to whichshe had been sacrificed.
this mortifying news was received with showersof tears, and some upbraiding; for mrs rainscourt really loved herhusband; and although patched up by rainscourt's protestations, as tothe falsehood of the accusation, it sunk deep into her heart, and wasbut the forerunner of future misery.
rainscourt soon became tired of a woman whom he had never loved; cursedhis own vanity, that had induced him to saddle himself with such anencumbrance as a wife; and by alternate violence and moroseness,irritated her feelings, and roused her spirit.
neglect on his partproduced indifference on her side; and as the means of gaiety andexpense melted away, so did all respect and esteem for each other.
an extravagant man seldom makes a good husband; he becomes embarrassed,and his circumstances prey upon his mind, and sour his temper.
a womanwho has, before marriage, been the admiration of the metropolis, is notvery likely to prove a good wife.
she still sighs for the adulationthat she received, and which, from habit, has become necessary to her,and would exact from the man for whom she has given up the world, allthe attention that she has lost by the sacrifice.
mr and mrs rainscourt were joined--but they were not one.
like manyothers in this world of error, their marriage might be typified by avial, of which one half had been filled with oil, and the other withwater, having a cork in its mouth, which confined them, and forced themto remain in contact, although they refused to unite.
the fruit of thismarriage was one daughter, now about six years old.
"well, mr rainscourt, all is well, i hope; and may i not kiss mydaughter, and congratulate her upon being one of the largest heiressesin the kingdom."
"you may, if you please, madam."
"may, if i please?
why, is it not so, mr rainscourt?"
replied thelady, startled at the moody brow of her husband, as he threw himself onthe sofa.
now, rainscourt would not have so immediately answered the question, buthe was determined that his spouse should participate in those pangs ofdisappointment which swelled his own breast; as a partner of all hisjoys, she was, of course, fully entitles to an equal proportion of hiscares.
"no, madam--it is not so."
"surely you are trifling with me, mr rainscourt: is not the admiraldead?"
"yes, madam, and his grandchild is alive."
cried the lady in _alto_, pallid with vexation anddisappointment.
"well, mr rainscourt, this is another specimen of yourusual prudence and foresight.
what man in his senses would not haveascertained such a fact, previous to squandering away his wholeproperty, and leaving his daughter a beggar?"
"i think, madam, if the property has been squandered, as you term it,that you have assisted me in so doing; at all events, the property wasmy own; for i cannot exactly recollect that you increased it oneshilling when i married you."
"certainly, not much, mr rainscourt, except, indeed, the amount of thebet.
i consider that as my marriage portion," replied the lady with asneer.
"never made a worse bet in my life," replied the gentleman, throwing hislegs upon the sofa.
"perhaps not," replied his wife, with offended seriousness; "butrecollect, mr rainscourt, that _you_ have no one to blame butyourself--_you_ were not deceived.
i might have been happy--might havemet with sincerity and reciprocal affection.
your conduct towards mewas an act of cruelty, which would have called forth some compunction inthe breast of my bitterest enemy; and yet, unoffending, i washeartlessly sacrificed to your vanity."
"say, rather, to your own, which blinded you, or you would have beenable to discriminate better."
mrs rainscourt burst into tears.
before her emotion could becontrolled, her husband, who was hardened to these scenes of alternateanger and grief, either was, or pretended to be, in a sound sleep.
the little girl had nestled close to her mother at the ebullition of herfeelings, and waited in silence until it was exhausted.
"why, mamma, i thought you said we should be so happy now."
"did i, my dear?"
replied mrs rainscourt, mournfully.
"yes, you did, and told me that we should have a fine house in london,and that we should not go back to the old castle again.
i was sorry forthat, though.
where shall we go now, mamma?"
"god knows, my child; you must ask your father."
"papa's asleep, and i must not wake him.
i do hope we shall go back tothe castle."
"then you'll have your wish, my love," replied mr rainscourt, rousingup, "for i start this very evening."
"are we to go with you, mr rainscourt?"
asked mrs rainscourt, calmly;"or are we to be left here?"
"as you please; but i must be off, for that little scoundrel t---,threatened me with a visit to-morrow morning as i got out of the chaise,and i am aware that he will not come without a companion or two."
your friend t---!
that you brought from dublin withyou, and who professes so much admiration and esteem--your ownfactotum?"
"yes, my own factotum--snivelling little scoundrel.
but, however,there's not time to be lost.
you have some jewels, my dear, and otherarticles of value; you had better pack them up, and consign them to meas soon as possible.
you may then take your choice,--go with me now, orfollow me in a day or two.
they cannot arrest _you_."
"i am aware of that, mr rainscourt," replied the lady; "but as i maynot have the means of following, my daughter and i will, if you please,become a part of your travelling incumbrance, as well as the jewels and_other_ articles of value."
"be it so," replied the gentleman, who perfectly understood hersarcastic meaning, but did not think it advisable to retort at themoment; "one post-chaise will carry us all; but we must leave town attwelve o'clock this night.
if i recollect right, we are asked to a routat lady g---'s?"
"we are; but pray, mr rainscourt, how am i to get ready so soon?
theservants must be paid--all the bills must be called in."
"if you wait until i can pay all the bills, you must wait till eternity,perhaps.
pack up everything that is portable, without the knowledge ofthe servants; your jewels you can have upon your own person, or in apocket, if you ever wear one.
order the carriage--dress, and we willboth go to the rout.
i shall leave word with roberts to bring me anyletters which may be sent, telling him that the admiral is not dead yet,although hourly expected--nothing has transpired to the contrary.
i canslip away from the rout, and write the letter myself, which i will sendby a porter.
when i go home, and the chaise which i shall order is atthe door, i will put emily in it, and call for you at lady g's.
theservants may suspect something, but it will then be too late."
danger will unite those who are at variance.
mrs r entered readilyinto the proposed arrangements, which necessity imposed upon them, andin a few hours, father, mother, and daughter were on their way toireland, leaving the house-rent, butcher's, baker's, chandler's and allother bills, of no trifling sum total, to be paid at some morefavourable opportunity.
the servants indemnified themselves as well asthey could, by seizing what was left, and cursing the elopers; and theobsequious little gentleman in black vowed vengeance as he quitted thedeserted mansion, to which he had paid his promised visit in themorning, with a particular friend or two, to enforce his arguments withmr rainscourt.
have you provided me here half a dozen sufficient men?
marry have we, sir.
let me see them, i beseech you.
where's the roll!
where's the roll!
let them appear as i call.
as the reader will have a more intimate acquaintance with themhereafter, i must now enter into some description of the characters ofthe captain and officers, with whom our hero was fated to be a shipmate.
to begin with the captain, who has already made his appearance in thecourse of these pages:--captain m--- was the son of a north-country gentleman--one of thenumerous class still existing in this world, who have inherited largeideas and small fortunes.
as usual, the latter were got rid of muchsooner than the former.
the consequence was, that although youngm--- was an only son, it was considered advisable that he should bebrought up to some profession.
the naval service was selected byhimself, and approved of by his father, who, although he had no money,had some interest, that is to say, he had powerful and wealthyconnections, who, for their own sakes, rather than have to support theiryoung relation, would exert themselves to make him independent.
m--- rose to the rank of post-captain as fast as his friends could wish,and did credit to their patronage.
having once obtained for him thehighest rank that the profession could offer, until he became an admiralfrom seniority, they thought that they had done enough; and had it notbeen that captain m---, by his zeal and abilities, had secured apersonal interest at the board, he might have languished on half-pay;but his services were appreciated, and he was too good an officer not tobe employed.
his father was dead, and the payment of debts which he hadcontracted, and the purchase of an annuity for his mother, had swallowedup almost all the prize-money which captain m---, who had been verysuccessful, had realised; but he was single from choice, and frugal fromhabit.
his pay, and the interest of the small remains of prize-money inthe funds, were more than adequate to his wants.
he was enthusiastic inhis profession, and had the bad taste to prefer a fine ship to a finelady.
having entered the service at a later period than was usual, he had theadvantage of an excellent education, which being naturally of a seriousdisposition, and fond of reading, he had very much improved by study.
as an officer he was a perfect master of his profession, both in theoryand practice, and was what is termed afloat, "all for the service."
indeed, this feeling was so powerful in him, that, like aaron's rod, itswallowed up all the rest.
if there was any blemish in his character,it was in this point.
correct himself, he made no allowance forindiscretion; inflexibly severe, but always just, he in no instance everspared himself, nor would he ever be persuaded to spare others.
therules and regulations of the service, as laid down by the board ofadmiralty, and the articles of war, were as rigidly observed by him, andextracted from others, as if they had been added to the decalogue; andany deviation or neglect was sure to bring down reprimand or punishmentupon the offender, whether it happened to be the senior lieutenant, orthe smallest boy in the ship's company.
but, with all his severity, so determined was captain m--- to be just,that he never would exercise the power without due reflection.
on oneoccasion, in which the conduct of a sailor had been very offensive, thefirst lieutenant observed that summary punishment would have a verybeneficial effect upon the ship's company in general.
"perhaps itmight, mr h---," replied he; "but it is against a rule which i havelaid down, and from which i never deviate.
irritated as i am at thismoment with the man's conduct, i may perhaps consider it in a moreheinous light than it deserves, and be guilty of too great severity.
iam liable to error,--subject, as others, to be led away by the feelingsof the moment--and have therefore made a compact with myself never topunish until twenty-four hours after the offence has been committed; andso repeatedly, when at the time i have settled in my mind the quantum ofpunishment that the offender should receive, have i found, uponreflection, which delay has given time for, reasons to mitigate theseverity, that i wish, for the benefit of the service, that theadmiralty would give a standing order to that effect."
such was the character of captain m---.
it hardly need be added, afterthe events already narrated of this history, that he was a man ofundaunted bravery.
in his person he was tall, and rather slight infigure.
his features were regular, but there was a sternness in hiscountenance, and lines of deep thought on his brow, which rendered theexpression unpleasing.
it was only when he smiled that you would havepronounced him handsome; then he was more than handsome, he wasfascinating.
mr bully, the first-lieutenant (who was the second-lieutenant in theship in the action with the french frigate), was an officer who wellunderstood his duty.
he had the merit of implicitly obeying all orders;and, considering the well-known fact, that a first lieutenant has alwayssufficient cause to be put out of temper at least twenty times duringthe twelve hours, he was as good-tempered as a first-lieutenant couldpossibly be.
he had entered the service when very young, and, being ofhumble extraction, had not had any advantage of education.
in person hewas short and thick-set, and having suffered severely from the small-poxduring his infancy, was by no means prepossessing in his outwardappearance.
the second-lieutenant, whose name was price, was a good-looking youngman, who kept his watch and read shakespeare.
he was constantlyattempting to quote his favourite author; but, fortunately for those whowere not fond of quotations, his memory was very defective.
mr courtenay, the third-lieutenant, was a little, bilious-lookingpersonage, who, to use the master's phraseology, was never quite happyunless he was damned miserable.
he was full of misfortunes andgrievances, and always complaining or laughing, at his real or imaginarydisasters; but his complaint would often end in a laugh, or his mirthterminate in a whine.
you never could exactly say whether he was injoke or in earnest.
there was such a serio-comic humour about him thatone side of his countenance would express pleasure, while the otherindicated vexation.
there seemed to be a perpetual war, in hiscomposition, of good-humour _versus_ bile, both of which were mostunaccountably blended in the same temperament.
according to seniority, mr pearce, the master, is the next to beintroduced to the reader: in external appearance, a rough, hard-headednorth-countryman; but, with an unpromising exterior, he was a man withsense and feeling.
he had every requisite for his situation: his nerveswere like a chain-cable; he was correct and zealous in his duty; and agreat favourite of the captain's, who was his countryman.
he was aboutfifty years of age, a married man, with a large family.
the surgeon, whose name was macallan, was also most deservedly a greatfavourite with captain m---; indeed, there was a friendship betweenthem, grown out of long acquaintance with each other's worth,inconsistent with, and unusual, in a service where the almost despoticpower of the superior renders the intimacy of the inferior similar tothe smoothing with your hand the paw of a lion, whose fangs, in a momentof caprice, may be darted into your flesh.
he was a slight-made, spareman, of about thirty-five years of age, and had graduated and receivedhis diploma at edinburgh,--an unusual circumstance at that period,although the education in the service was so defective, that the medicalofficers were generally the best informed in the ship.
but he was morethan the above: he was a naturalist, a man of profound research, andwell informed upon most points--of an amiable and gentle disposition,and a sincere christian.
it would naturally be inferred that those whose profession it is toinvestigate the human frame, and constantly have before their eyes thetruth that we are fearfully and wonderfully made, would be more inclinedthan others to acknowledge the infinite wisdom and power.
but this istoo often found not to be the case, and it would appear as if the oldscholium, that "too much familiarity breeds contempt," may be found toact upon the human mind even when in communion with the deity.
withwhat awe does the first acquaintance with death impress us!
what athrill passes through the living, as it bends over the inanimate body,from which the spirit has departed!
the clay that returns to the dustfrom which it sprung, the tenement that was lately endued with volitionand life, the frame that exhibited a perfection of mechanism, deridingall human power, and confounding all human imagination, now an inanimatemass, rapidly decomposing, and soon to become a heap of corruption.
strong as the feeling is, how evanescent it becomes, when oncefamiliarised!
it has no longer power over the senses, and the soldierand sailor pillow themselves on the corpse with perfect indifference, ifnot with a jest.
so it is with those who are accustomed to post-mortemarrangements, who wash and lay out the body previous to interment.
yet, although we acknowledge that habit will remove the firstimpressions of awe, how is it that the minute investigation upon whichconviction ought to be founded, should too often have the contraryeffect from that which it should produce?
is it because mystery, theparent of awe, is in a certain degree removed?
faith, says the apostle, is the evidence of things not seen.
therewould be no merit in believing what is perfectly evident to the senses.
yet some would argue that the evidence ought to be more clear andpalpable.
if so, would not the awe be also removed, and would religiongain by it?
we have enough imparted to convince us that all is right;and is not that which is hidden or secret purposely intended to producethat awe, without which the proud mind of man would spurn at infinitewisdom?
the above digression had nearly caused me to omit that macallan had onepeculiar failing.
his language, from long study, had been borrowed frombooks, more than from men and when he entered upon his favourite scienceof natural history, his enthusiasm made him more pedantic in his styleand pompous in his phraseology than ever.
but who is perfect?
the purser, o'keefe, was an elderly man, very careful of the pounds,shillings, and pence.
he was affected with an incurable deafness, whichhe never thought proper to acknowledge, but catching at a word or two inthe sentence, would frame his answer accordingly, occasioning frequentmirth to his mess-mates, whom he imagined were laughing with, and not athim.
for the present i shall pass over the rest of the officers, withthe exception of the boatswain, whose character was of a very peculiarnature.
he was a man who had long been considered as one of the best boatswainsin the service, and had been applied for by captain m---.
he used hiscane with severity, but had always some jest at hand to soften down thesmart of the blow, and was very active in his own person, setting anexample to the men.
it had, however, happened, that about a year beforehe joined, mr hardsett had been induced by his wife to go with her to aconventicle, which the rising sect of methodists had established at theport where she resided; and whether it was that his former life smotehis conscience, or that the preacher was unusually powerful, he soonbecame one of the most zealous of his converts.
he read nothing but hisbible, which employed all his leisure hours, and he was continuallyquoting it in his conversation.
but he was not exactly a methodist,taking the cognomen in the worst or the best interpretation: he was anenthusiast and a fanatic--notwithstanding which, he contrived that hisduty towards his maker should not interfere with that of boatswain ofthe ship.
captain m--- regretted the man's bigotry: but as he nevertried to make any converts, and did his duty in his situation, thecaptain did not attempt to interfere with his religious opinions, themore so, as he was convinced that hardsett was sincere.
the _aspasia_ was but a short time in harbour, for the captain wasanxious to add to the laurels which he had already won: and havingreported the ship ready for sea, received an order to proceed to thewest india station.
the frigate was unmoored, the blue-peter hoisted,and the fore-topsail loosened as the signal for departure: and afterlying a short time with her anchor "short stay apeak," captain m--- cameon board, the anchor was run up to the bows, and once more the frigatestarted, like an armed knight in search of battle and adventure.
it was two o'clock in the afternoon, and the tenants of the gun-room hadassembled to their repast.
"now all my misery is about to commence,"cried courtenay, as he took his seat at the gun-room table, on which thedinner was smoking in all the variety of pea-soup, irish stew, andboiled mutton with caper sauce.
said the master.
"pray, then, what is it that you have beengrumbling about, ever since you have joined the ship?"
they were only petty vexations, but now we are at sea.
i shallbe sea-sick.
i am always obliged to throw off the accumulation of bilewhenever i go out of harbour."
"i say, doctor," replied pearce, "can you stop up the leak in thatlittle gentleman's liver?
he's not content to keep a hand-pump going toget rid of his bile when in harbour, but it seems that he requires thechain-pumps to be manned when he goes to sea."
exclaimed courtenay, shuddering, and drawing back hishead with a grimace at the idea of such a forcible discharge, and thenlooking round at his messmates with one of his serio-comic faces.
ay," said price; "you remember shakespeare in the `tempest'--hesays--dear me,--i--""come, price," said courtenay, "don't make me sick before my time,--it'sunkind.
you don't know what an analogy there is between spouting andsea-sickness.
in both cases you throw up what is nauseous, because yourhead or you stomach is too weak to retain it.
spare me, then, aquotation, my dear fellow, till you see me in the agony of nature`aback,' and then one will be of service in assisting her efforts to`box off.'
i say, billy pitt, did you stow away the two jars of pickledcabbage in my cabin?"
we must here break off the conversation to introduce this personage tothe reader.
he was a black, who ran away, when quite a lad, from hismaster at barbadoes, and entered on board of a man-of-war.
macallan,the surgeon, had taken a fancy to him, and he had been his servant forsome years, following him into different ships.
he was a veryintelligent and singular character.
macallan had taught him to read andwrite, and he was not a little proud of his acquirements.
he wasexcessively good-humoured, and a general favourite of the officers andship's company, who used to amuse themselves with his peculiarities, andallow him a greater freedom than usual.
but billy's grand _forte_, inhis own opinion, was a lexicographer.
he had a small entick'sdictionary, which he always carried in his jacket-pocket, and nothinggave him so much pleasure as any one referring to him for the meaning ofa hard word, which, although he could not always explain correctly, hecertainly did most readily.
moreover, he was, as may be supposed, veryfond of interlarding his conversation with high-sounding phraseology,without much regard as to the context.
although billy pitt was the doctor's servant, courtenay, who had taken agreat fancy to him, used to employ him as his own, to which, as thedoctor was not a man who required much attendance himself, and was verygood-natured, no objection had been raised.
we must repeat the question--"i say, billy pitt, did you stow away the two jars of pickled cabbage inmy cabin?"
"no, sar, i no hab'em to stow.
woman say, that mr kartney not pay forthe pickled onun--say quite incongrous send any more."
"not pay for the onions!
no, to be sure i didn't; but i gave her afresh order, which is the same thing."
(price laid down the potatowhich he was in the act of peeling, and stared at courtenay withastonishment.)
"well, to a london tradesman, it is, i can assure you."
"it may be, but i cannot conceive how.
if you owe me ten shillings, ican't consider borrowing ten more the same thing as paying the first."
you do not understand these things."
"i do not, most certainly," replied the master, resuming his potato.
"and so you haven't got them?"
resumed courtenay to the servant.
she say massa kartney owe nine shillings for onuns, and say iowe farteen for 'baccy, and not trust us any more.
i tell just as shesay, sir.
gentleman never pay for anything.
she call me damned nigger,and say, like massa like man.
i tell her not give any more_rhoromantade_, and walk out of shop."
"well, how cursed annoying!
now, i never set my mind upon anything buti'm disappointed.
one might as well be sancho in the isle of barataria.
i think i'll go up to the captain, and ask him to heave-to, while isend for them.
do you think he would, master, eh?"
said courtenay, inaffected simplicity of interrogation.
"you had better try him," replied pearce, laughing.
"well, it would be very considerate of him, and pickled cabbage is theonly thing that cures my sea-sickness."
--(perceiving price about tospeak)--"stop now--it's no use--there's not a word about pickled cabbagein shakespeare."
"i did not say that there was," retorted price; "but there's `beefwithout mustard,' and that will be your case now."
"and there's `write me down an ass,'" replied courtenay, who was not alittle vexed at the loss of his favourite condiment.
"did you hear what courtenay said of you, o'keefe?"
continued price,turning to the purser.
"yes--yes--i know--hand him over a glass; but this is not a clane one.
steward, will you bring a clane wine-glass?"
the rest laughed, while courtenay proceeded.
"why, o'keefe, you hear better than ever.
i say, doctor, you must putme in the sick list--i'm not fit to take charge of a watch."
"if you'll prove that to me," replied macallan, "i certainly will reportyou."
"well, i'll prove it to you in five seconds.
i'm just in that state,that if everything in the ship was to go overboard to the devil, ishouldn't care.
now, with such a feeling of indifference, a person isnot fit to be trusted with the charge of a watch."
"that you're not fit to be trusted with the charge of a watch, as youstate it yourself, i shall not deny," replied macallan; "but i considerthat to be a complaint for which you ought rather to be put _off_ thelist that on it."
i say, courtenay, you know what shakespeare says, `'tisthe curse of service,' that--that--""all hands, 'bout ship!"
now resounded through the ship as it wasrepeated in the variety of basses of the boatswain and his mates, ateither hatchway--one of the youngsters of the watch running down at thesame time to acquaint the officers, in his shrill falsetto, with thatwhich had been roared out loud enough to startle even the deaf purser.
the first-lieutenant, followed by the master, brushed by him, and was upthe ladder before his supererogatory communication could be delivered.
"how cursed annoying!"
"i was just feeling a littlebetter, and now i shall be worse than ever."
"you recollect in the `tempest,'" said price, "where shakespeare says--""forecastle, there!"
roared out captain m---, from the quarter-deck, ina voice that was distinctly heard below.
"by jove, you'd better skip for it, or you'll have what captainm--- says.
he's hailing your station," said courtenay, laughing--apiece of advice immediately acted upon by price, who was up the ladderand on the forecastle in a few seconds.--"and i must go up too.
howcursed annoying to be stationed in the waist!
nothing to do, except tostop my ears against the infernal stamp-and-go of the marines andafter-guards, over my head; sweet music to a first-lieutenant, but to mediscord most horrible.
i could _stamp_ with vexation."
"had you not better _go_ first and _stamp_ afterwards?"
observed thesurgeon, drily.
"i think i had, indeed," replied courtenay, as he bolted out of thegun-room door.--"cursed annoying!
but the captain's such a bilioussubject."
this chair shall be my state, this dagger my sceptre, and this cushion  my crown.
part i.we must now descend to the steerage, where our hero is seated in theberth, in company with a dozen more (as they designated themselves, fromthe extreme heat of their domicile) _perspiring_ young heroes, who wereamusing themselves with crunching hard biscuits, and at the same time adue proportion of those little animals of the scaribee tribe,denominated weevils, who had located themselves in the _unleavenedbread_, and which the midshipmen declared to be the only fresh meatwhich they had tasted for some time.
captain m---'s character stood so high at the admiralty, that the majorpart of the young _aspirants_ who had been committed to his charge wereof good family and connections.
at that time few of the aristocracy orgentry ventured to send their sons into the navy; whereas, at present,none but those classes can obtain admission.
a better school for training young officers could not have beenselected; and the midshipmen's berth of the _aspasia_ was as superior tothose in other ships, as captain m--- was himself to the generality ofhis contemporary captains in the service.
but i cannot pay these youngmen the compliment to introduce them one by one, as i did the gun-roomofficers.
it would be an anomaly unheard of.
i shall, therefore, withevery respect for them, describe them just as i want them.
it was onebell after eight o'clock--a bottle of ship's rum, a black jack of putridwater, and a tin bread-basket, are on the table, which is lighted with atallow candle of about thirteen to the pound.
"i say, mr jerry sneak, what are you after there--what are you foragingfor in that locker?"
said one of the oldsters of the berth to ahalf-starved, weak-looking object of a youngster, whose friends had senthim to sea with the hopes of improving his stamina.
"what for?--why, for my supper if you must know.
d'ye think i _look toofat_?
i stowed it away before i went on deck, that it might not fallinto your ravenous maw."
"mind your stops, my jack of the bonehouse, or i shall shy a biscuit atyour head."
"do, and prove your bravery; it will be so very courageous.
i supposeyou will expect to be gazetted for it."
the youngster who had been dignified with the above sobriquet, and whomade these replies, was certainly a most miserable-looking object, andlooked as if a top-gallant breeze would have blown him to atoms.
but ifhis body was weak, his tongue was most powerful.
he resorted to noother weapon, and used that skilfully.
he was a species of thersites,and no dread of punishment could control his railing.
he offered noresistance, but bent down like the reed, and resumed his former positionas soon as the storm was over.
his keen and sarcastic remarks, althoughthey occasionally subjected him to chastisement, to a certain degreeserved him as a defence, for he could always raise a laugh at theexpense of the individual whom he attacked, with the formidable weaponwhich he had inherited direct from his mother.
the oldster before mentioned put his hand into the breadbasket, andseized a handful of the biscuit.
"now i'll bet you a glass of grog thatyou don't throw a biscuit at my head," cried jerry, with a sneer.
"done," replied the oldster, throwing the contents of his hand at jerrywith all his force.
"i'll just trouble you for that glass of grog, for you've lost," saidthe youngster, taking it up from the table where it stood, before theoldster; "you've only thrown some pieces, and not a biscuit;" andfollowing up his words with deeds, he swallowed down the whole contentsof the tumbler, which he replaced very coolly before his opponent.
"fair bet, and fairly lost," cried the rest of the berth, laughing.
you're not worth thrashing," said the oldster, angrily.
"why, that's exactly what i have been trying to impress upon your memoryever since i have joined the ship.
there's no credit to be gained bylicking a half-starved wretch like i am; but there's bruce, now,"(pointing to one of the oldsters, between whom and his opponent ajealousy subsisted), "why don't you lick him?
there would be somecredit in that.
but you know better than to try it."
retorted the oldster, forgetting himself in the heat of themoment.
"yes, you do," replied bruce, jumping up in defiance; and there wasevery appearance of a disturbance, much to the delight of jerry, who,provided that they fought, was quite indifferent which party was thevictor.
but a fortunate interruption took place, by the appearance ofthe master-at-arms.
"nine o'clock, gentlemen, if you please--the lights must be put out."
"very well, master-at-arms," replied one of the oldsters.
the master-at-arms took his seat on a chest close to the door of theberth, aware that a second summons, if not a third, would be requisite,before his object was obtained.
in a few minutes he again put his headinto the berth.
"nine o'clock, gentlemen, if you please.
i must reportyou to the first-lieutenant."
"very well, byfield--it shall be out in a minute."
the master-at-arms resumes his station on the chest outside.
"why, it's saturday night," cried bruce.
"sweethearts and wives, myboys, though i believe none of us are troubled with the latter.
forster, pass the rum."
"i'll pass the bottle, and you may make a bull of it, if you choose."
"confound it, no more grog--and saturday night.
i must drink `auld langsyne,' by heavens."
the master-at-arms again made his appearance.
"gentlemen, you must putthe light out."
"stop one minute, byfield.
let us see whether we can get any more rum."
the excuse appeared reasonable to the jack in office, and hedisappeared.
"boy, tell billy pitt i want him."
billy pitt had turned in, but was soon roused out of his hammock, andmade his appearance at the berth door, with only his shirt on that hewas sleeping in.
"you want me, massa bruce?"
"billy, my beau, you know everything.
we sent for you to tell us what'sthe meaning of a repartee?"
"repartee, sir--repartee!--stop a bit--eh--i tell you, sir.
suppose youcall me dam nigger--then i call you one dam dirty white-livered son of ab---; dat a repartee, sir."
"capital, billy--you shall be a bishop.
but billy, has your master gotany rum in his cabin?"
"which massa, sir?
massa courtenay, or massa doctor?"
courtenay, to be sure.
the surgeon never has any."
"yes, sar, i tink he have a little."
"be quick, billy; and fetch it.
i will give it you back at the tubto-morrow."
"suppose you forget, sar, you put me in very fine _predicalament_.
massa courtenay look dam blue--no, he not look blue, but he look damyellow," replied billy, showing his white teeth as he grinned.
"but i won't forget, billy, upon my honour."
"well, honour quite enough between two gentlemen.
i go fetch thebottle."
billy soon reappeared with a quart bottle of rum, just as three bellswere struck.
"by gad, i rattle the bottle as i take him out--wake mrcourtenay--he say, dam black fellow he make everything adrift--cursedannoying, he say, and go to sleep again."
"really, gentlemen, i cannot wait any longer," resumed themaster-at-arms; "the lights must be reported or i shall be in disgrace."
"very true, byfield; you are only doing your duty.
will you take aglass of grog?"
"if you please," replied mr byfield, taking off his hat, "your health,gentlemen."
"thank you," replied the midshipmen.
"tank you, sir," replied also billy pitt.
what's the last word you read in your dictionary?"
let me see--oh!
you know dat word?"
we all know what that is, billy, and shall be glad to getit too, by-and-bye."
"yes, sar; but there are two kind of commission.
one you want, obligedto wait for; one i want, always have at once,--commission as agent,sar."
"oh, i understand," replied bruce; "five per cent on the bottle, eh?"
"five per cent not make a tiff glass of grog, massa bruce."
"well, then, billy, you shall have ten per cent," replied themidshipman, pouring him out a _north-wester_.
"will that do?"
the black had the politeness to drink the health of all the gentlemen ofthe berth separately, before he poured the liquor down his throat.
"massa bruce, i tink doctor got a little rum in his cabin."
"go and fetch it, billy; you shall have it back to-morrow."
"honour, mr bruce."
"honour, mr pitt."
"ten per cent, massa bruce," continued billy, grinning.
"ten per cent is the bargain."
"i go see."
another quart bottle made its appearance; and the agent having receivedhis commission, made his bow, and returned to his hammock.
"i do--really--think--upon--my--word--that that--black--scoundrel--would--sell--his--own--mother--for--a--stiff--glass--of--grog," observeda youngster, of the name of prose, a cockney, who drawled out his words,which, "like a wounded snake, dragged their slow length along."
"the lights, gentlemen, if you please," resumed the master-at-arms,putting his head again into the door.
"another commission," said jerry: "a tax upon light.
billy pitt has thebest right to it."
a second glass of grog was poured out, and the bribe disappeared downmr byfield's gullet.
"now we'll put the light out," said one of the oldsters, covering thecandlestick with a hat.
"if you will put your candle into my lantern," observed the obsequiousmaster-at-arms, "i can then report the lights out.
of course you willallow it to remain there?"
the suggestion was adopted; and the light was reported _out_ to thefirst-lieutenant, at the very moment that it was taken _out_ of thelantern again, and replaced in the candlestick.
the duplicate supplybegan to have its effect upon our incipient heroes, who commencedtalking _of their friends_.
bruce, a fine manly, honourable scotchman,had the peculiarity of always allying himself, when half drunk, to theroyal house who formerly sat upon the throne of england; but, when quiteintoxicated, he was so treasonable as to declare himself the lawful kingof great britain.
glass after glass increased his propinquity to thethrone, till at last he seated himself on it, and the uproar of thewhole party rose to that height, that the first-lieutenant sent out,desiring the midshipmen immediately to retire to their hammocks.
"send me to bed!
`proud man, dressed in a little brief authority.'
ifthe lord's anointed had been respected, he, with millions, would be nowbending the knee to me.
well, if i can't be king of all england, atleast i'll be king in this berth.
tell me," cried bruce, seizing theunfortunate prose by the collar, "am i not king?"
"why--according--to--the--best--of--my--belief," said prose, "i--should--rather--be--inclined--to--think--that--you are--not--the--king."
"am not, base slave!"
cried bruce, throwing him on the deck, and puttinghis foot on his chest.
"no--if--i die for it--i don't care--but if you are--not king--i mustown--that--you--are one of--my thirty tyrants," drawled out prose, halfsuffocated with the pressure.
"i--do--declare," cried jerry, imitating prose's drawl, "that--he--has--squeezed--a pun--out--of--you."
"am not i king?"
resumed bruce, seizing jerry, who had advanced withinreach, to laugh at prose.
"i feel that you ought to be," replied jerry: "and i don't doubt yourlineal descent: for you have all the dispositions of the race from whichyou claim descent.
a boon, your gracious majesty," continued jerry,bending on one knee.
"thou shalt have it, my loyal subject," replied bruce, who was delightedwith the homage, "even (as ahasuerus said to esther) to the half of mykingdom."
"god forbid that i should deprive your majesty of that," replied jerry,smiling at the idea of _halving nothing_.
"it is only to request that imay not keep the middle watch to-night."
"rise, jerry, you shall not keep a night-watch for a fortnight."
"i humbly thank your most gracious majesty," replied the astute boy, whowas a youngster of the watch of which bruce was mate.
as the reader may be amused with the result of this promise, he mustknow, that bruce, who did not recollect what had passed, when heperceived jerry not to be on deck, sent down for him.
the youngster, onhis appearance, claimed his promise; and his claim was allowed by bruce,rather than he would acknowledge himself to have been intoxicated.
jerry, upon the strength of the agreement, continued, for more than theprescribed time, to sleep in every night-watch, until, aware that he wasno longer safe, he thought of an expedient which would probably insurehim one night longer, and prevent a disagreeable interruption of hisdreams.
prose, whose hammock was hung up next the hatchway, had a badcold, and jerry thought it prudent to shift his berth, that he might notbe found.
"it's the draught from the hatchway that makes your cold so bad, prose;you'll never get well while you sleep there.
i will give you my insideberth until it is better--'tis really quite distressing to hear youcough."
"well, now, jerry, that's what i call very good-natured of you.
i havenot had such a friendly act done towards me since i joined the ship, andi do assure you, jerry, that i shall not be ungrateful--i shall notforget it."
it happened that, on the very night that prose exchanged berths withjerry, bruce made his calculation that the fortnight had elapsed threedays back: and although he felt himself bound in honour to keep hispromise, yet feeling rather sore at being over-reached, he now orderedthe quarter-master to cut jerry's hammock down by the head.
this wassupposed to be done, and poor prose, who had just fallen asleep afterkeeping the previous watch, awoke with a stunning sensation, and foundhis feet up at the beams and his head on the deck; while jerry, who hadbeen awakened by the noise, was obliged to cram the sheets into hismouth, that his laughter might be unperceived.
"well, now, i do declare, this is too bad--i most certainly willcomplain to the captain, to-morrow morning--as sure as my name is prose.
sentry, bring me a light, and assist me to get my hammock up again--iwill not put up with this treatment--i do declare;" and so saying, proseonce more resumed his position in his precarious dormitory.
but, during our digression, the berth has become empty--some walking,and others, particularly his majesty, reeling to bed.
so we shall closethis chapter, from which the reader may perceive, that, even in thebest-regulated ships, there is more going on in a midshipmen's berththan a captain is acquainted with, or that comes between heaven and hisphilosophy.
with leave, bassanio, i am half yourself, and i must freely have the  half of anything that this same paper brings you.
the castle which had been built by the ancestors of mr rainscourt, andwhich, in feudal times, had been one of strength and importance, wasabout two miles from the town of ---, in the county of galway, on thewest coast of ireland; and, as mr rainscourt had correctly surmised,when he returned to it, no officer could be found who was bold enough toventure his life by an attempt at caption, surrounded as he was by asavage and devoted peasantry, who had no scruples at bloodshed.
immuredwithin its walls, with little to interest, and no temptation to expendmoney, mr and mrs rainscourt lived for nearly two years, indulgingtheir spleen and discontent in mutual upbraidings,--their feelingstowards each other, from incessant irritation, being now rather those ofhatred than any other term that could be applied.
the jewels of mrsrainscourt, and every other article that could be dispensed with, hadbeen sold, and the purse was empty.
the good-will of the tenants of themortgaged property had for some time supplied the ill-assorted couplewith the necessaries of life; every day added to their wants, to theirhatred, and their despair.
they were seated at the table, having finished a dinner off some gamewhich mr rainscourt had procured with his gun, and which had been theirfare, with little variety, ever since the shooting season had commenced,when the old nurse, the only domestic they retained,--probably the onlyone who would remain with them without receiving wages,--made herappearance.
"and sure there's a letter for the master; barney, thepost-boy, is just bringing it."
"well, where is it?"
"he says that it's two thirteens that must be paid for it, and the dirtyspalpeen of a postmaster told him not to give you the letter without themoney for it in his fist."
"tell barney to step in here--have you two shillings, mrs rainscourt?"
"not one, mr rainscourt," replied the lady, gloomily.
the nurse reappeared with barney.
"well, barney, where's the letter?"
said mr rainscourt; "let me look atit."
"sure, your honour, it's not me that's refusing it ye.
but the mastertould me--`barney,' says he, `if you give his honour the letter withoutthe two thirteens in your fist, it's a good bating that i'll give yewhen ye come back.'"
"well, but, barney, let me look at it, and see by the postmark whereit's from.
i shall know, directly, whether i will take it up or not."
"and suppose that your honour should wish to open the letter!
it's notfor gentlemen like ye to be standing against the temptation;--and then,the two thirteens, your honour."
"well, barney, since you won't trust me, and i have no money, you musttake the letter back.
it might bring me good news--i have had nothingbut bad of late."
"and sure enough it might bring you good news.
then, your honour shalltake the letter and i'll take the _bating_;" and the good-natured ladpulled out the letter from his pocket, and gave it to rainscourt.
rainscourt, who first wished to ascertain whether it was one of hisusual dunning correspondents, examined the post-mark and handwriting ofthe superscription, that he might return it unopened, and save poorbarney from the beating which he had volunteered to receive for hissake, but the hand was unknown to him, and the post-mark was so faintand illegible that he could not decipher it.
he looked into the sidesof the letter, and the few words which he could read whetted hiscuriosity.
"i'm afraid, barney, that i must open it."
"good luck to your honour, then, and may it prove so."
the letter was opened, and the contents threw a gleam of pleasure, whichhad been rarely seen of late on the brow of the reader.
his wife hadwatched his countenance.
"barney," cried rainscourt, with delight,"call to-morrow, and i'll give you a guinea."
"sure your honour's in luck, and me too," replied barney, grinning, andbacking out of the room.
"i'll go take my bating at once."
but, to explain the contents of this letter, we must narrate events ofwhich we have lost sight in following up the naval career of our hero.
about three weeks after the death of admiral de courcy, theline-of-battle ship in which old adams had sailed with our hero underhis protection, returned into port.
the vicar, who anxiously awaitedher arrival, immediately proceeded there, that he might claim willy inthe capacity of his guardian.
having obtained the address of captainm---, he called upon him, and opened his case by requesting that the boymight be permitted to come on shore.
he was proceeding to narrate thechange which had taken place in his ward's prospects, when he wasinterrupted by captain m---, who, first detailing the death of oldadams, and the conduct of willy, stated that he had sent the boy home inthe prize for an outfit.
it was with great feeling that captainm--- was forced to add the apparent certainty, that the vessel, whichhad never been heard of, had foundered at sea.
shocked at theintelligence, which was communicated at a moment when his heart wasexpanded, at the idea of having been instrumental in repairing theinjustice and neglect which had been shown towards his _protege_, thevicar, not caring to mention to a stranger the family particulars uponwhich his request had been grounded, withdrew, without even giving hisname or address.
three years afterwards, when, as we have narrated, ourhero again made his appearance, captain m--- had no clue to guide him,by which he might communicate the intelligence of his recovery to onewhom he naturally concluded did not make such inquiries without havingsome interest in our hero's welfare.
the vicar, in the mean time, although he had every reason to believethat willy was no more, resorted to every means that his prudence couldsuggest to ascertain the positive fact.
for many months the most strictinquiries were set afloat by his agents, whether a captured vessel hadbeen wrecked on the french coast.
the prisoners at verdun and otherdepots were examined--rewards were offered, by emissaries in france, forthe discovery of the boy, but without success.
having waited two years,all hope became extinct, and the letter now received by mr rainscourtwas from the vicar, acquainting him with the circumstances, andsurrendering up the property to him, as next of kin.
"pray, mr rainscourt, may i ask the contents of a letter, the perusalof which not only makes you so generous, but implies that you expect tohave the means of being so?"
when happy ourselves, especially when unexpectedly so, we feel kindlydisposed towards others.
for a moment rainscourt seemed to haveforgotten all his differences with his wife; and he as readily impartedto her his good fortune as he had, on a previous occasion, hisdisappointment.
"my dear clara, the grandchild is dead, and we have possession of theproperty."
"my dear clara!"
such an epithet had never been used since the firstweek of their marriage.
overcome by the joyful intelligence, but moreovercome by the kind expression of her husband, which recalled the dayswhen she fondly loved.
mrs rainscourt burst into tears, and throwingherself down with her face on his knees, poured out, in sobs, hergratitude to heaven, and her revived affection for her husband.
their daughter emily, now ten years old, astonished at so unusual ascene, ran up, impelled as it were by instinct, and completed the familygroup, by clinging to her father.
rainscourt, who was affected, kissedthe brow of the child, and congratulated her on becoming an heiress.
"i never knew before that money would do so much good," observed thechild, referring to the apparent reconciliation of her parents.
mrs rainscourt rose from her position, and sat down at the table,leaning her face upon her hands.
"i am afraid that it has come toolate," said she, mournfully, as she recalled the years of indifferenceand hostility which had preceded.
mrs rainscourt was correct in her supposition.
respect and esteem hadlong departed, and without their aid, truant love was not to bereclaimed.
the feeling of renewed attachment was as transient as it wassudden.
"i must be off to england immediately," observed the husband.
"ipresume that i shall have no difficulty in obtaining money from the bankwhen i show this letter.
old --- will be ready enough to thrust hisnotes into my hands now."
"shall we not go with you, mr rainscourt?"
"no; you had better remain here till i have arranged matters a little.
i must settle with three cursed money-lenders, and take up the bondsfrom j---.
he'll be civil enough."
"well, mr rainscourt, it must, i suppose, be as you decide: but neitheremily nor i are very well equipped in our wardrobes and you will not beexactly competent to execute our commissions."
"and therefore shall execute none."
"do you, then, mean to leave us here in rags and beggary, while you areamusing yourself in london?"
replied mrs rainscourt, with asperity.
"with your altered circumstances, you will have no want of society,either male or _female_," continued the lady, with an emphasis upon thelast word--"and a wife will probably be an encumbrance."
"certainly not such a kind and affectionate one as you have proved, mydear," replied the gentleman, sarcastically; "nevertheless i mustdecline the pleasure of your company till i have time to look about me alittle."
"perhaps, mr rainscourt, now that you will be able to afford it, youwill prefer a separate establishment?
if so, i am willing to accede toany proposition you may be inclined to make."
"that's a very sensible remark of yours, my dear, and shall receive dueconsideration."
"the sooner the better, sir," replied the piqued lady, as mr rainscourtquitted the room.
"my dear child," said mrs rainscourt to her daughter, "you see howcruelly your father treats me.
he is a bad man, and you must never payattention to what he says."
"papa told me just the same of you, mamma," replied the girl, "yesterdaymorning, when you were walking in the garden."
the wretch, to set my own child against me!"
cried mrsrainscourt, who had just been guilty of the very same offence which hadraised her choler against her husband.
the queen of night, whose vast command  rules all the sea, and half the land;  and over moist and crazy brains,  in high spring-tides at midnight reigns.
among the millions who, on the hallowed and appointed day, lay asidetheir worldly occupations to bow the knee to the giver of all good,directing their orisons and their thoughts to one mercy-beaming power,like so many rays of light concentrated into one focus, i know no classof people in whose breasts the feeling of religion is more deeplyimplanted than the occupants of that glorious specimen of daringingenuity--a man-of-war.
it is through his works that the almighty ismost sincerely reverenced, through them that his infinite power is withdeepest humility acknowledged.
the most forcible arguments, the mostpathetic eloquence from the pulpit, will not affect so powerfully themind of man, as the investigation of a blade of grass, or the mechanismof the almost imperceptible insect.
if, then, such is the effect uponmankind in general, how strong must be the impressions of those whooccupy their business in the great waters!
these men "see the works ofthe lord, and his wonders in the deep."
they behold him in all hismagnificence, in all his beauty, in all his wrath, in all his vastness,in all his variety.
unassisted by theory, they practically feel thatgod is great, and their worship, although dumb, is sincere.
i am aware that it is the idea of many that sailors have little or noreligion: and their dissolute conduct, when thrown on shore, iscertainly a strong argument in support of this opinion; but they mustnot be so partially judged.
those who are constantly mixed with theworld, and exposed to its allurements, are subject to a continualstruggle against their passions, which they are more enabled torestrain, as temptation so rapidly succeeds temptation that one destroysthe other--effacing it from their recollection before they have had timeto mature their embryo guilt.
but in our floating monasteries, whererigid discipline and active duties allow only the thoughts to ramble tothat society which never has been intended to be abandoned, the passionsare naturally impelled towards that world, whose temptations are so muchincreased by long and unnatural seclusion.
in the mountain lake, whose waters are daily increasing, all isunruffled till their own weight has forced its boundaries, and theroaring cataract sweeps everything before it.
such is the licentiousand impetuous behaviour of the sailor on shore.
but on board he is adifferent being, and appears as if he were without sin and withoutguile.
let those, then, who turn away at his occasional intemperance,be careful how they judge.
they may "thank god that they are not asthat publican," and yet be less justified, when weighed in that balance,where, although justice eyes the beam, mercy is permitted to stand by,and throw into the scale her thousand little grains to counter-poise themass of guilt.
religion in a sailor (i mean by the term, a common seaman) is more of anactive than a passive feeling.
it does not consist in reflection orself-examination.
it is in externals that his respect to the deity ismanifest.
witness the sunday on board of a man-of-war.
the care withwhich the decks are washed, the hauling taut, and neat coiling down ofthe ropes, the studied cleanliness of person, most of which duties areperformed on other days, but on this day are executed with an extraprecision and attention on the part of the seamen, because it is_sunday_.
then the quiet decorum voluntarily observed; the attention todivine service, which would be a pattern to a congregation on shore; thelittle knots of men collected, in the afternoon, between the guns,listening to one who reads some serious book; or the solitaryquarter-master, poring over his thumbed testament, as he communes withhimself--all prove that sailors have a deep-rooted feeling of religion.
i once knew a first-lieutenant receive a severe rebuke from a ship'scompany.
this officer, observing the men scattered listlessly about theforecastle and waist of the frigate, on a fine sunday evening, orderedthe fiddler up, that they might dance.
the ship's company thanked himfor his kindness, but stated that they had not been accustomed to danceon that day, and requested that the music might be sent below.
the sunday on board a man-of-war has another advantage over the sabbathon shore: it is hallowed throughout.
it commences with respect andreverence, and it ends with the same.
there is no alehouse to resortto, where the men may become intoxicated; no allurements of the sensesto disturb the calm repose of the mind, the practical veneration of theday, which bestows upon it a moral beauty.
it was on the evening of such a day of serenity, after the hammocks hadbeen piped down and the watch mustered, that captain m--- was standingon the gangway of the _aspasia_, in conversation with macallan, thesurgeon.
it was almost a calm: the sails were not _asleep_ with thelight airs that occasionally distended them, but flapped against thelofty masts with the motion communicated to the vessel by the undulatingwave.
the moon, nearly at her full, was high in the heavens, steeringfor the zenith in all her beauty, without one envious cloud to obscurethe refulgence of her beams, which were reflected upon the water inbroad and wavering lines of silver.
the blue wave was of a deeperblue--so clear and so transparent that you fancied you could piercethrough a fathomless perspective, and so refreshing, so void of allimpurity, that it invited you to glide into its bosom.
"how clear the moon shines to-night!
to-morrow, i think, will be fullmoon."
"it would be well," observed the surgeon in reply to remark of thecaptain, "to request the officer of the watch to permit the men to sleepon the upper deck.
we shall have many of them moon-blind."
"i have often heard that effect of the moon in the tropics mentioned,but have never seen it.
in what manner does it affect the eyes?"
"the moon can act but in one way, sir," replied macallan,--"byattraction.
the men who are affected see perfectly well in broaddaylight; but as soon as it is dusk, their powers of vision are gonealtogether.
at the usual time at which the hammocks are piped down theywill not be able to distinguish the numbers.
i have had sixty men inone ship in the situation i have described."
"we ridicule the opinion of the ancients, relative to the powers of thisplanet," observed the captain; "but, at the same time, i have oftenheard more ascribed to her influence than the world in general areinclined to credit.
that she regulates the tides is, i believe, theonly point upon which there is now no scepticism."
"there has been scepticism even upon that, sir.
did you ever read awork entitled `theory of the tides'?
i can, however, state some otherpoints, from observation, in which the moon has power."
"over lunatics, i presume?"
"most certainly; and why not, therefore, over those who are rational?
we observe the effect more clearly in the lunatic, because his mind isin a state of feverish excitement; but if the moon can act upon thediseased brain, it must also have power, although less perceptible, overthe mind which is in health.
i believe that there is an ebb and flow ofpower in our internal mechanism, corresponding to the phases of themoon.
i mean, that the blood flows more rapidly, and the powers ofnature are more stimulated, at the flood and full, than at the ebb andneap, when a reaction takes place in proportion to the previousacceleration.
dr mead has observed, that of those who are at the pointof death, nine out of ten quit this world at the ebb of the tide.
doesnot this observation suggest the idea, that nature has relaxed herefforts during that period, after having been stimulated during theflood?
shakespeare, who was a true observer of nature, has not omittedthis circumstance; speaking of the death of falstaff, mrs quicklyobserves, `it was just at the turn of the tide.'"
"well, but, mr macallan, laying aside hypothesis, what have youascertained, from actual observation, besides that which we termmoon-blindness?"
"the effect of the moon upon fish, and other animal matter, hung up inits rays at night.
if under the half-deck, they would remain perfectlysweet and eatable; but if exposed to the moon's rays, in the tropics,they will, in the course of one night, become putrid and unwholesome.
they emit no smell; but when eaten will produce diarrhoea, almost asviolent as if you had taken poison."
"i have heard that stated, also, by seamen," said the captain; "but havenever witnessed it."
"a remarkable and corroborative instance occurred, when i was in the bayof annapolis," resumed the surgeon.
"i was becalmed in a small vessel,and amused myself with fishing.
i pulled up several herrings; but, tomy astonishment, they were putrid and sodden an hour or two after theywere dead.
i observed the circumstance to one of the fishermen, who informed me that several hundred barrels, taken at a fishery a few milesoff, had all been spoiled in the same manner.
i asked the reason, andthe answer was, `that they had been spawned at the full of the moon.'
how far the man was correct, i know not; but he stated that thecircumstance had occurred before, and was well known to the olderfishermen."
"very singular," replied captain m---.
"we are too apt to reject thewhole, because we have found a part to be erroneous.
that the moon isnot the hecate formerly supposed, i believe; but she seems to have morepower than is usually ascribed to her.
is that seven bells striking?"
"it is, sir; the time has slipped rapidly away.
i shall wish you goodnight."
"good night," replied captain m---, who, for some time after thedeparture of the surgeon, continued leaning over the rail of theentering-port, in silent contemplation of the glassy wave, until theworking of his mind was expressed in the following apostrophe:--"yes--placid and beautiful as thou art, there is foul treachery in thysmile.
who knows, but that, one day, thou mayest, in thy fury, demandas a victim the form which thou so peaceably reflectest?
thou must be fed with the healthy and the brave.
thegluttonous earth preys indiscriminately upon the diseased carcases ofage, infancy, and manhood; but thou must be more daintily supplied.
health and vigour--prime of life and joyous heart--high-beating pulseand energy of soul--active bodies, and more active minds--such is thefood in which thou delightest: and with such dainty fare wilt thou everbe supplied, until the power that created thee, with the other elements,shall order thee to pass away."
the bell struck eight, and its sharp peals, followed by the hoarsesummoning of the watch below, by the boatswain's-mates, disturbed hisreverie, and captain m--- descended to his cabin.
and now, reader, i shall finish this chapter.
you may, perhaps, imaginethat i have the scene before me, and am describing from nature: if so,you are in error.
i am seated in the after-cabin of a vessel, endowedwith as liberal a share of motion as any in his majesty's service:whilst i write i am holding on by the table, my legs entwined in thelashings underneath, and i can barely manage to keep my position beforemy manuscript.
the sea is high, the gale fresh, the sky dirty, andthreatening a continuance of what our transatlantic descendants wouldterm a pretty-considerable-tarnation-strong blast of wind.
thetop-gallant-yards are on deck, the masts are struck, the gunsdouble-breeched, and the bulwarks creaking and grinding in mostdetestable regularity of dissonance as the vessel scuds and lurchesthrough a cross and heavy sea.
the main-deck is afloat: and, from thecareless fitting of the half-ports at the dockyard, and neglect ofcaulking in the cants, my fore-cabin is in the same predicament.
abubbling brook changing its course, ebbing and flowing as it were withthe rolling of the ship, is dashing with mimic fury against the trunkssecured on each side of the cabin.
i have just been summoned from my task, in consequence of one of thebattens which secured my little library having given way to theimmoderate weight of learning that pressed upon it; and as my books havebeen washed to and fro, i have snatched them from their first attemptsat natation.
smith's wealth of nations i picked up first, not worth _afig_; don juan i have just rescued from a second shipwreck, with noother _hey-day_ (haidee) to console him, than the melancholy oneextracted from me with a deep sigh, as i received his shattered frame.
here's burton's "anatomy of melancholy," in a very melancholy plightindeed, and (what a fashionable watering-place my cabin has turned to!)
here's burke's "peerage," with all the royal family and aristocracy ofthe kingdom, taking a dip, and a captain of a man-of-war, like anothersally gunn, pulling them out.
so, you perceive, my description has beenall moonshine.
"my wishes have been fathers to my thoughts."
my bones are sore with rocking.
horace says, that he had a soul ofbrass who first ventured to sea; i think a body of iron very necessaryto the outfit.
my cot is swinging and jerking up to the beams, as ifthe lively scoundrel was some metamorphosed imp mocking at me.
"sarveyou right--what did you _list_ for?"
--very true--why did i?--well,anxious as i am to close this chapter, and to close my eyes, i will tellyou, reader, what it was that induced me to go to sea.
it was not toescape the drudgery and confinement of a school, or the admonitionsreceived at home.
the battle of trafalgar had been fought--i recollectthe news being brought down by the dancing-master when i was at school;but although i knew that eighteen or twenty sail of the line had beencaptured, yet never having seen a vessel larger than a merchant ship atlondon bridge, i had very imperfect ideas on the subject--except that itmust have been a very glorious affair, as we had a whole holiday inconsequence.
but when i returned home, i witnessed the funeralprocession of lord nelson; and, as the triumphal car upon which hisearthly remains were borne disappeared from my aching eye, i felt thatdeath could have no terrors, if followed by such a funeral; and idetermined that i would be buried in the same manner.
this is the fact;but i am not now exactly of the same opinion.
i had no idea at thattime, that it was such a terrible roundabout way to st. paul's.
here ihave been tossed about in every quarter of the globe, for between twentyand five-and-twenty years, and the dome is almost as distant as ever.
i mean to put up with the family vault; but i should like very much tohave engraved on my coffin--"many years commissioner," or "lord of theadmiralty," or "governor of greenwich hospital," "ambassador," "privycouncillor," or, in fact, anything but captain: for, though acknowledgedto be a good travelling name, it is a very insignificant title at theend of our journey.
moreover, as the author of "pelham" says, "i wishsomebody would adopt me."
when his pockets were lined, why his life should be mended,  the laws he had broken he'd never break more.
on his return to london, mcelvina immediately repaired to the residenceof his patron, that he might enter into the necessary explanationsrelative to the capture of the vessel, and the circumstances which hadproduced his release from the penalties and imprisonment to which he hadbeen subjected by his lawless career.
previous, however, to narratingthe events which occurred upon his arrival, it will be advisable tooffer some remarks relative to mcelvina, which, when they have beensuggested to the reader, will serve to remove much of the apparentinconsistency of his character.
that a person who, from his earliestchildhood, had been brought up to fraud and deceit, should, of his ownaccord, and so suddenly, return to honesty, may at first appearproblematical.
but let it be remembered, that mcelvina was not in thesituation of those who, having their choice of good and evil, hadpreferred the latter.
from infancy he had been brought up to, and hadheard every encomium upon dishonesty, without having one friend to pointout to him the advantages of pursuing another course.
the same spiritof emulation which would have made him strenuous in the right path,urged him forward in his career of error.
if, after his discharge fromthe philanthropic school, he had had time to observe the advantages, inpractice, of those maxims which had only been inculcated in theory, itis not improbable that he might have reformed: this, however, wasprevented by the injudicious conduct of his master.
but although the principles which had been instilled were notsufficiently powerful, unassisted by reflection, to resist the force ofhabit, the germ, smothered as it was for the time, was not destroyed;and after mcelvina's seven years' servitude in a profession remarkablefor candour and sincerity, and in which he had neither temptation noropportunity to return to his evil courses, habit had been counteractedby habit.
the tares and wheat were of equal growth.
this issubstantiated by the single fact of his inclination to be honest when hefound the pocket-book.
a confirmed rogue would never have thought ofreturning it, even if it had not been worth five shillings.
it is true,if it had contained hundreds, that, in his distressed circumstances, thetemptation might have been too strong; but this remark by no meansdisproves the assertion, that he had the inclination to be honest.
"there is a tide in the affairs of men," and it was on this decisionbetween retaining or returning the pocket-book that depended the futuremisery or welfare of mcelvina.
fortunately, the sum was not sufficientto turn the nicely balanced scale, and the generosity of old hornblowconfirmed the victory on the side of virtue.
i do not mean to assertthat, for some time subsequent to this transaction, mcelvina wasinfluenced by a religious, or even a moral feeling.
it was rather byinterested motives that he was convinced; but convinced he was; andwhether he was proud of his return to comparative virtue, or found itnecessary to refresh his memory, his constant injunctions to others tobe honest (upon the same principle that a man who tells a storyrepeatedly eventually believes it to be true) assisted to keep himsteadfast in his good resolutions.
upon the other points of his character it will be unnecessary to dilate.
for his gentlemanly appearance and address he was indebted to nature,who does not always choose to acknowledge the claims which aristocracythinks proper to assert, and occasionally mocks the idea, by bestowinggraces on a cottager which might be envied by the inhabitants of apalace.
of mcelvina it may with justice be asserted, that his faultswere those of education--his courage, generosity, and many goodqualities were his own.
mcelvina, who knew exactly at what hour of the day his patron would beabroad, took the precaution of not going to the house until the time atwhich he would be certain to find susan, as usual, in the littleparlour, alone, and occupied with her needle or her book.
thestreet-door had just been opened by the maid to receive some articles ofdomestic use, which a tradesman had sent home; and mcelvina, putting hisfinger to his lips to ensure the silence of the girl, who would have runto communicate the welcome intelligence of his arrival, stepped past herinto the passage, and found the door of the little parlour.
gentlyadmitting himself, he discovered susan, whom he had not disturbed,sitting opposite to the window, with her back towards him.
he crept insoftly behind her chair.
she was in deep thought; one hand rested onher cheek, and the other held the pen with which she had been arrangingthe accounts of the former week, to submit them, as usual, to her fatheron the monday evening.
of whom and what she was thinking was, however,soon manifested to mcelvina; for she commenced scribbling and drawingwith her pen on the blotting-paper before her, until she at last wroteseveral times, as if she were practising to see how it would look as asignature:  "susan mcelvina."
although delighted at this proof that he was occupying her thoughts,mcelvina had the delicacy to retire unperceived, and susan, as ifrecollecting herself, slightly coloured, as she twisted up the paper andthrew it under the grate; in doing which, she perceived mcelvina, whostill remained at the door.
a cry of surprise, a deep blush of pleasureover her pale face, and a hand frankly extended, which mcelvina couldwith difficulty resist the impulse to raise to his lips, were followedup by the hasty interrogation of--"why, your arm is in a sling?
you didnot say that you were hurt when you wrote from plymouth?"
"it was not worth mentioning, susan--it's almost well; but tell me, howdid your father bear the loss of the vessel?"
but, captain mcelvina, you could not have done me agreater favour, or my father a greater kindness.
he has now wound uphis affairs, and intends to retire from all speculation.
he haspurchased a house in the country, and i hope, when we go there, that ishall be more happy, and have better health than i have had of late."
"and what is to become of me?"
observed mcelvina, gravely.
"oh, i don't know; you are the best judge of that."
"well, then, i will confess to you, susan, that i am just as wellpleased that all this has taken place as you are; for i am not sorry togive up a profession respecting which, between ourselves, i have latelyhad many scruples of conscience.
i have not saved much, it is true; buti have enough to live upon, as long as i have no one to take care ofexcept myself."
"you raise yourself in my opinion by saying so," replied susan;"although it is painful to me to condemn a practice which impeaches myfather.
your courage and talents may be better applied.
thank god,that it is all over."
"but, susan, you said that you hoped to have better health.
have younot been well?"
"not very ill," replied susan; "but i have had a good deal of anxiety.
the loss of the vessel,--your capture,--has affected my father, and, ofcourse, has worried me."
the discourse was now interrupted by old hornblow, who had returned hometo his dinner.
he received mcelvina in the most friendly manner, andthey sat down to table.
after dinner, mcelvina entered into a minute detail of all that hadoccurred, and, as far as he was concerned, with a modesty which enhancedhis meritorious conduct.
susan listened to the narrative with intense interest; and as soon as itwas over, retired to her room, leaving old hornblow and mcelvina overtheir bottle.
"well, mcelvina, what do you mean to do with yourself?"
said the oldman.
"you know that susan has at last persuaded me into retiring frombusiness.
i have just concluded the purchase of a little property nearthe seaside, about seven miles from the village of --- in norfolk--itadjoins the great rainscourt estate.
you know that part of the coast."
"very well, sir; there is a famous landing-place there, on therainscourt estate.
it was formerly the property of admiral de courcy."
we don't mean to smuggle any more, so that's no use.
i should nothave known that it was near the rainscourt property, only they insertedit in the particulars of sale, as an advantage; though i confess i donot see any particular advantage in a poor man living too near a richone.
but answer my question--what are you going to do with yourself?
if i can assist you, mcelvina, i will."
"i do not intend to go to sea any more."
i suppose you would like to marry, and settle on shore?
well, if i can assist you, mcelvina, i will."
"you could, indeed, assist me there, sir."
susan, i suppose.
nay, don't colour up; i've seen it long enough,and if i had not meant that it should be so, i should have put an end toit before.
you are an honest man, mcelvina, and i know nobody to whom iwould give my girl sooner than to you."
"you have, indeed, removed a weight from my mind, sir, and i hardly knowhow to express my thanks to you for your good wishes; but i have yet toobtain your daughter's consent."
"i know you have; you cannot expect that she will anticipate your wishesas i have done.
but as i wish this business to be decided at once, ishall send her down to you, and i'll take a walk in the mean time.
alli can say is, that if she says she has no mind to you, don't you believeher, for i know better."
said old hornblow, going to the door.
"come down, my dear, and stay with captain mcelvina.
i am obliged to goout."
old hornblow reached down his hat, put on his spencer, and departed;while susan, whose heart told her that so unusual a movement on herfather's part was not without some good reason, descended to the parlourwith a quickened pulse.
said mcelvina, who had risen from his chair to receive her, assoon as he heard her footsteps, "i have much to say to you, and i mustbe as brief as i can, for my mind is in too agitated a state to bearwith much temporising.
do me the favour to take a chair, and listenwhile i make you acquainted with what you do not know."
susan trembled; and the colour flew from her cheeks, as she sat down onthe chair which mcelvina handed to her.
"your father, susan, took me by the hand at the time that i was in greatdistress, in consequence of my having pleased him by an act of commonhonesty.
you know how kind and considerate a patron he has been to mesince, and i have now been in his employ some years.
this evening hehas overpowered me with a weight of gratitude, by allowing me to aspireto that which i most covet on earth, and has consented to my robbinghim, if i can, of his greatest treasure.
you cannot mistake what imean.
but, previous to my requesting an answer on a point in which myfuture happiness is involved, i have an act of justice to performtowards you, and of conscience towards myself, which must be fulfilled.
it is to be candid, and not allow you to be entrapped into an alliancewith a person of whose life you, at present, know but the fair side.
"first, let me state to you, susan, that my parentage is as obscure asit well can be; and secondly, that the early part of my life was asvicious.
i may, indeed, extenuate it when i enter into an explanation,and with great justice: but i have now only stated the facts generally.
if you wish me to enter into particulars, much as i shall blush at theexposure, and painful as the task assigned will be, i shall not refuse,even at the risk of losing all i covet by the confession; for, much asmy happiness is at stake, i have too sincere a regard for you to allowyou to contract any engagement with me without making this candidavowal.
now, susan, answer me frankly--whether, in the first place, youwish me to discover the particulars of my early life; in the next place(if you decline hearing them), whether, after this general avowal, youwill listen to any solicitations, on my part, to induce you to uniteyour future destiny with mine?"
"captain mcelvina, i thank you for your candour," replied susan, "andwill imitate you in my answer.
your obscure parentage cannot be amatter of consideration to one who has no descent to boast of.
that youhave not always been leading a creditable life, i am sorry for; moresorry because i am sure it must be a source of repentance andmortification to you; but i have not an idle curiosity to wish you toimpart that which would not tend to my happiness to divulge.
i did oncehear an old gentlewoman, who had been conversant with the world, declarethat if every man was obliged to confess the secrets of his life beforemarriage, few young women would be persuaded to go up to the altar.
ihope it is not true; but whether it is or not, it does not exactly bearupon the subject in agitation.
i again thank you for your candour, anddisclaim all wish to know any further.
i believe i have now answeredyour question."
"not yet, susan,--you have not yet answered the latter part of it."
"what was it?--i don't recollect."
"it was," said mcelvina, picking up the piece of twisted paper whichsusan had thrown under the grate, "whether you would listen to myentreaties to sign your name in future as on this paper?"
"oh, mcelvina," cried susan,--"how unfair--how ungenerous!
now i detestyou!"
"i'll not believe that.
i have your own handwriting to the contrary,and i'll appeal to your father."
"nay, rather than that--you have set me an example of candour, and shallprofit by it.
promise me, mcelvina, always to treat me as you have thisday,--and here is my hand."
"who would not be _honest_, to be so rewarded?"
replied mcelvina, as heembraced the blushing girl.
"ah,--all's right, i perceive," cried old hornblow, who had opened thedoor unperceived.
"come, my children, take my blessing--long may youlive happy and united."
he was a shrewd philosopher,  and had read every text and gloss over,  whatever sceptic could inquire for,  for every _why_ he had a _wherefore_.
he could reduce all things to acts,  and knew their nature by abstracts.
captain m--- was not unmindful of the promise which he had made tomcelvina relative to our hero; and when he returned to the ship he sentfor macallan, the surgeon, and requested as a personal favour that hewould superintend willy's education, and direct his studies.
macallan was too partial to captain m--- to refuse, and fortunately hadimbibed a strong regard for willy, whose romantic history, earlycourage, and amiability of disposition, had made him a generalfavourite.
macallan, therefore, willingly undertook the tuition of aboy who combined energy or mind with docility of disposition andsweetness of temper.
there could not have been selected a person betterqualified than the surgeon for imparting that general knowledge sovaluable in after-life; and, under his guidance, willy soon proved thatstrong intellectual powers were among the other advantages which he hadreceived from nature.
the _aspasia_ flew before the trade winds, and in a few weeks arrived atbarbadoes, where captain m--- found orders left by the admiral of thestation, directing him to survey a dangerous reef of rocks to thenorthward of porto rico, and to continue to cruise for some weeks inthat quarter, after the service had been performed.
in three days thefrigate was revictualled and watered; and the officers had barely timeto have their sea arrangements completed, before the frigate againexpanded her canvas to a favourable breeze.
in a few hours the islandwas left so far astern as to appear like the blue mist which so oftendeceives the expectant scanner of the horizon.
"you billy pitt!
is all my linen come on board?"
"yes, sar," replied billy, who was in courtenay's cabin; "i make billout; just now cast up multerpication of whole."
"i'm afraid you very often use multiplication in your addition, mrbilly."
"true bill, sar," replied billy, coming out of the cabin, and handing apaper to courtenay.
"what's this?--nineteen tarts!
why, you black thief, i never had anytarts."
"please let me see, sar," said billy, peering over his shoulder.
"yes,sar, all right--i count em.
tell washerwoman put plenty of tarch incollar."
"shirts, you _nigger_--why don't you learn to spell with that dictionaryof yours?"
"know how to spell very well, sar," replied billy, haughtily; "that myway spell `_tarts_.'"
"`fourteen tockin, seventeen toul.'
--you do know how to spell to a t.""massa courtenay, doctor not write same way you write."
"well, mr billy."
"you not write same way me--ebery gentleman write different hand.
now,if ebery gentleman write his own way, why not ebery gentleman spell hisown way?
dat my way to spell, sar," continued billy, very muchaffronted.
"i can't argue with you now, mr billy--there's one bell after fourstriking, and i have hardly had a glass of wine, from your bothering me.
upon my soul, its excessively annoying."
"one bell, mr courtenay!"
cried jerry at the gun-room door; "mr pricewill thank you to relieve him."
"i say, mr prose," continued jerry, as he passed through the steerageto return on deck, "i'll just trouble you to hand your carcase up assoon as convenient."
"directly, jerry,--i--will--but my tea--is so hot."
"well, then leave it, and i'll drink it for you," replied jerry,ascending the ladder.
"well, mr g---, did you tell mr courtenay?"
"yes, sir," replied jerry.
"what did he say?"
"he said, `pass the bottle, sir,'" replied jerry, touching his hat, andnot changing a muscle of his countenance, although delighted with thevexation that appeared in that of the tired lieutenant, as he walkedaway forward.
for two or three days the frigate sailed between the islands, whichreared their lofty crests abruptly from the ocean, like theembattlements of some vast castle which had been submerged to thewater's edge.
her progress was slow, as she was only indebted to theland or sea breezes as they alternately blew, and was becalmed at theclose of the day, during the pause between their relieving each otherfrom their never-ceasing duty.
such was the situation of the _aspasia_on the evening of the third day.
the scene was one of those splendidpanoramas which are only to be gazed upon in tropical climes.
the sunwas near setting: and as he passed through the horizontal streaks ofvapour, fringed their narrow edges with a blaze of glory, strongly incontrast with the deep blue of the zenith, reflected by the still wavein every quarter, except where the descending orb poured down his volumeof rays, which changed the sea into an element of molten gold.
thefrigate was lying motionless in the narrow channel between two of theislands, the high mountains of which, in deep and solemn shade, werereflected in lengthened shadows, extending to the vessel's sides, and,looking downwards, you beheld the "mountains bowed."
many of theofficers were standing abaft admiring the beauty of the scene; but notgiving vent to their feelings, from an inward consciousness of inabilityto do justice to it in their expressions.
macallan first broke the silence.
"who would imagine, courtenay, that,ere yonder sun shall rise again, a hurricane may exhaust its rage upon aspot so calm, so beautiful, as this, where all now seems to whisperpeace?"
the remark was followed by a noise like that proceeding from a distantgun.
"is it pace you mane, doctor?"
said one of the midshipmen, fromthe sister kingdom.
"by the powers, there's `war to the knife,'already.
look," continued he, pointing with his finger in a directionunder the land, "there's a battle between the whale and the thrasher."
the remark of the midshipman was correct, and the whole partycongregated on the taffrail to witness the struggle which had alreadycommenced.
the blows of the thrasher, a large fish, of the same speciesas the whale, given with incredible force and noise on the back of thewhale, were now answered by his more unwieldy antagonist, who lashed thesea with fury in his attempts to retaliate upon his more activeassailant; and while the contention lasted, the water was in a foam.
in a few minutes, the whale plunged, and disappeared.
"he has had enough of it," observed the master; "but the thrasher willnot let him off so easily.
he must come up to breathe directly, andyou'll find the thrasher yard-arm and yard-arm with him again."
as the master observed, the whale soon reappeared, and the thrasher, whohad closely pursued him, as if determined to make up for lost time,threw himself out of the water, and came down upon the whale, strikinghim with tremendous force upon the shoulder.
the whale plunged soperpendicularly, that his broad tail was many feet upraised in the air,and the persecuted animal was seen no more.
"that last broadside settled him," said courtenay.
"_sunk_ him too, i think," cried jerry.
"strange," observed courtenay, addressing macallan, "that there shouldbe such an antipathy between the animals.
the west indians assert, thatat the same time the thrasher attacks him above, the sword-fish pierceshim underneath--if so, it must be very annoying."
"i have heard the same story, but have never myself seen thesword-fish," replied macallan: "it is, however, very possible, as thereis no animal in the creation that has so many enemies as the whale."
"a tax on greatness," observed jerry; "i'm glad it goes by _bulk_.
mrmacallan," continued he, "you're a philosopher, and i have heard youargue that whatever is, is right--will you explain to my consummateignorance, upon what just grounds the thrasher attacks that unoffendingmass of blubber?"
"i'll explain it to you," said courtenay, laughing.
"the whale, who hasjust come from the northward, finds himself in very comfortable quartershere, and has no wish to heave up his anchor, and proceed on his voyageround cape horn.
the thrasher is the port-admiral of the station, andhis blows are so many guns to enforce his orders to sail forthwith."
"thank you, sir," answered jerry, sarcastically, "for your veryingenious explanation; but i do not see why his guns should be shotted.
perhaps mr macallan will now oblige me by his ideas on the subject."
"how far these islands may be the capua to the whale, which mrcourtenay presumes, i cannot say," answered the surgeon, pompously; "buti have observed that all the cetaceous tribe are very much annoyed byvermin, which adhere to their skins.
you often see the porpoises, andsmaller fish of this class, throw themselves into the air, and fall flaton the water, to detach the barnacles and other parasitical insects,which distress them.
may it not be that the whale, being so enormous ananimal, and not able to employ the same means of relief, receives itfrom the blows of the thrasher?"
why, then, the thrasher may be considered as a medicalattendant to the whale; and, from the specimen we have witnessed of hishumanity, a naval practitioner, i have no doubt," added jerry.
"very well, mr jerry; if ever you come under my hands, you shall smartfor that."
"very little chance, doctor: i'm such a miserable object, that evendisease passes by me with contempt.
if i ever am in your list, ipresume it will be for a case of plethora," replied jerry, spanning histhin waist.
"young gentlemen, get down directly.
what are you all doing there onthe taffrail?"
bawled out the first-lieutenant, who had just come up theladder.
"we've been looking at a sea-bully," said jerry in a tone of voicesufficiently loud to excite the merriment of those about him, withoutbeing heard by the first-lieutenant.
"what's the joke?"
observed mr bully, coming aft, as the midshipmenwere dispersing.
"some of mr j---'s nonsense," replied the surgeon.
this answer not being satisfactory, the first-lieutenant took it forgranted, as people usually do, that the laugh was against himself, andhis choler was raised against the offending party.
ay, that young man thinks of anything but his duty.
therehe is, playing with the captain's dog; and his watch, i'll answer forit, or he would not be on deck.
mr j---," continued thefirst-lieutenant to jerry, who was walking up and down to leeward,followed by a large newfoundland dog, "is it your watch?"
"yes, sir," replied jerry, touching his hat.
"then why are you skylarking with that dog?"
"i am not skylarking with the dog, sir.
he follows me up and down.
ibelieve he takes me for a _bone_."
"i am not surprised at it," replied the first-lieutenant, laughing.
the surgeon, who remained abaft, was now accosted by willy, who had beenamusing himself, leaning over the side of a boat which had been lowereddown, by the first-lieutenant, to examine the staying of the masts, andcatching in a tin pot the various minute objects of natural historywhich passed by, as the frigate glided slowly along.
"what shell is this, mr macallan, which i have picked up?
it floatedon the surface of the water by means of these air-bladders, which areattached to it."
"that shell, willy," replied macallan, who, mounting his favouritehobby, immediately spouted his pompous truths, "is called by naturaliststhe ianthina fragilis, perhaps the weakest and most delicate in itstexture which exists, and yet the _only one_ [see note 1] which venturesto contend with the stormy ocean.
the varieties of the nautili have thesame property of floating on the surface of the water, but they seldomare found many miles from land.
they are only coasters in comparisonwith this adventurous little navigator, which alone braves the atlantic,and floats about in the same fathomless deep which is ranged by thedevouring shark, and lashed by the stupendous whale.
i have picked upthese little sailors nearly one thousand miles from the land.
yetobserve, it is his security--his tenement, of such thin texture toenable him to float with greater ease, would not be able to encounterthe rippling of the wave upon the smoothest beach."
"what use are they of?"
"of no direct use that i know of, william; but if it has no other usethan to induce you to reflect a little, it has not been made in vain.
all created things are not applicable to the wants or the enjoyment ofman; but their examination will always tend to his improvement.
whenyou analyse this little creature in its domicile, and see howwonderfully it is provided with all means necessary for its existence,--when you compare it with the thousand varieties upon the beach, in allof which you will perceive the same master-hand visible, the sameattention in providing for their wants, the same minute and endlessbeauty of colour and of form,--you cannot but acknowledge the vastnessand the magnificence of the maker.
in the same manner the flowers andshrubs, which embellish, as they cover the earth, are not all so muchfor use, as they are for ornament.
what human ingenuity can approach tothe perfection of the meanest effort of the almighty hand?
has it notbeen pointed out in the scriptures, `consider the lilies of the field,how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: and yet i say untoyou, that even solomon, in all his glory, was not arrayed like one ofthese.'
never debate in your mind, willy, of what use are these thingswhich god has made--for of what _use_, then, is man, the most endowedand the most perverse of all creation, except to show the goodness andthe forbearance of the almighty!
you may, hereafter, be inclined todebate why noxious reptiles and ferocious beasts, that not only areuseless to man, but a source of dread and of danger, have been created.
they have their inheritance upon earth, as well as man, and combine withthe rest of animated nature to show the power, and the wisdom, and theendless variety of the creator.
it is true that all animals were madefor our use; but recollect, that when man fell from his perfect state,it was declared, `in the sweat of thy brow thou shalt eat bread.'
aretrackless forests and yet unexplored regions to remain without livingcreatures to enjoy them, until they shall be required by man?
and isman, in his fallen state, to possess all the earth and its advantages,without labour,--without fulfilling his destiny?
ferocious andnoxious animals disappear only before cultivation.
it is part of thelabour to which he has been sentenced, that he should rend them out asthe `thistle and the thorn;' or drive them to those regions, which arenot yet required by him, and of which they may continue to havepossession undisturbed."
such was the language of macallan to our hero, whose thirst forknowledge constantly made fresh demands upon the surgeon's fund ofinformation; and, pedantic as his language may appear, it containedimportant truths, which were treasured up by the retentive memory of hispupil.
------------------------------------------------------------------------note 1.  i am aware that there are two or three other pelagic shells,but at the time of this narrative they were not known.
how frail, how cowardly is woman's mind!
yet when strong jealousy inflames the soul,  the weak will roar, and calms to tempests roll.
lee's rival queens.
but we must now follow up the motions of mr rainscourt, who quitted thecastle, and travelling with great diligence, once more trod the pavementof the metropolis, which he had quitted in equal haste, but under verydifferent circumstances.
the news of his good fortune had preceded him,and he received all that homage which is invariably shown to a man whohas many creditors, and the means of satisfying all their demands.
ashe had prophesied, the little gentleman in black was as obsequious ascould be desired, and threw out many indirect hints of the pleasure heshould have in superintending mr rainscourt's future arrangements; andby way of reinstating himself in his good graces, acquainted him with aplan for reducing the amount of the demands that were made upon him.
rainscourt, who never forgave, so far acceded to the lawyer's wishes, asto permit him to take that part of the arrangements into his hands; andafter mr j--- had succeeded in bringing the usurers to reasonableterms--when all had been duly signed and sealed, not only were hisservices declined for the future, but the servants were desired to showhim the street-door.
as his wife had remarked, rainscourt found no difficulty in makingfriends of all sorts, and of both sexes--and he had launched into aroutine of gaiety and dissipation, in which he continued for severalmonths, without allowing his wife and daughter to interrupt hisamusements, or to enter his thoughts.
he had enclosed an order upon thebanker at --- soon after his arrival in london, and he considered thathe had done all that was requisite.
such was not, however, the opinionof his wife--to be immured in a lonely castle in ireland, was neitherher intention nor her taste.
finding that repeated letters wereunanswered, in which she requested permission to join him, and pointedout the necessity that emily, who was now nearly twelve years old,should have the advantages of tuition which his fortune could command,she packed up a slender wardrobe, and in a week arrived in london withemily, and drove up to the door of the hotel, to which rainscourt haddirected that his letters should be addressed.
rainscourt was not at home when she arrived; announcing herself as hiswife, she was shown upstairs into his apartments, a minute survey ofwhich, with their contents, was immediately made; and the notes andletters, which were carelessly strewed upon the tables, and all of whichshe took the liberty to peruse, had the effect of throwing mrsrainscourt into a transport of jealousy and indignation.
the minutesappeared hours, and the hours months, until he made his appearance,which he at last did, accompanied by two fashionable _roues_ with whomhe associated.
the waiters, who happened not to be in the way as he ascended thestairs, had not announced to him the arrival of his wife, who wassitting on the sofa in her bonnet and shawl, one hand full of notes andletters, the superscriptions of which were evidently in a female hand--and the other holding her handkerchief, as if prepared for a scene.
oneleg was crossed over the other, and the foot of the one that was aboveworked in the air, up and down, with the force of a piston of asteam-engine, indicative of the propelling power within--whenrainscourt, whose voice was heard all the way upstairs, arrived at thelanding-place, and, in answer to a question of one of his companions,replied--"go and see her!
not i--i'm quite tired of her--by jove, i'd as soonsee my wife;" and as he finished the sentence, entered the apartment,where the unexpected appearance of mrs rainscourt made himinvoluntarily exclaim, "talk of the devil--""and she appears, sir," replied the lady, rising, and making a profoundcourtesy.
"pooh, my dear," replied rainscourt, embarrassed, and unwilling that ascene should take place before his companions--"i was only joking."
"good morning, rainscourt," said one of his friends--"i'm afraid that ishall be _de trop_."
"and i'm off too, my dear fellow, for there's no saying how the joke maybe taken," added the other, following his companion out of the room.
emily ran up to her father, and took his hand; and rainscourt, who wasas much attached to his daughter as his selfish character would permit,kissed her forehead.
both parties were for a short time silent.
bothpreferred to await the attack, rather than commence it; but in a trialof forbearance of this description, it may easily be supposed that thegentleman gained the victory.
mrs rainscourt waited until she foundthat she must either give vent to her feelings by words, or that herwhole frame would explode; and the action commenced on her side with ashower of tears, which ended in violent hysterics.
the first wereunheeded by her husband, who always considered them as a kind of scalingher guns previous to an engagement; but the hysterics rather baffledhim.
in his own house, he would have rung for the servants and leftthem to repair damages; but at an hotel, an eclat was to be avoided, ifpossible.
"emily, my dear, go to your mother--you know how to help her."
"no, i do not, papa," said the child, crying; "but norah used to openher hands."
rainscourt's eyes were naturally directed to the fingers of his wife, inwhich he perceived a collection of notes and letters.
he thought itmight be advisable to open her hand, if it were only to recover theseout of her possession.
what affection would not have induced him to do,interest accomplished.
he advanced to the sofa, and attempted to openher clenched hands; but whether mrs rainscourt's hysterics were onlyfeigned, or of such violence as to defy the strength of her husband, allhis efforts to extract the letters proved ineffectual, and, afterseveral unavailing attempts, he desisted from his exertions.
"what else is good for her, emily?"
"water, papa, thrown in her face--shall i ring for some?"
"no, my dear--is there nothing else we can do?"
"oh, yes, papa, unlace her stays."
rainscourt, who was not very expert as a lady's maid, had somedifficulty in arriving at the stays through the folds of the gown, _etcetera_, the more so as mrs rainscourt was very violent in hermovements, and he was not a little irritated by sundry pricks which hereceived from those indispensable articles of dress, which the fair sexare necessitated to use, pointing out to us that there are no roseswithout thorns.
when he did arrive at the desired encasement, he wasjust as much puzzled to find an end to what appeared, like the gordianknot, to have neither beginning nor end.
giving way to the naturalimpatience of his temper, he seized a penknife from the table, to divideit _a l'alexandre_.
unfortunately, in his hurry, instead of insertingthe knife on the inside of the lace, so as to cut _to_ him, he cut downupon it, and not meeting with the resistance which he expected, thepoint of the knife entered with no trifling force into the back of mrsrainscourt, who, to his astonishment, immediately started on her legs,crying, "would you murder me, mr rainscourt?--help, help!"
"it was quite accidental, my dear," said rainscourt, in a soothing tone,for he was afraid of her bringing the whole house about her ears.
"ireally am quite shocked at my own awkwardness."
"it quite recovered you though, mamma," observed emily, with greatsimplicity, and for which remark, to her astonishment, she was salutedwith a smart box on the ear.
"why should you be shocked, mr rainscourt?"
said the lady, who, as herdaughter had remarked, seemed wonderfully recovered from thephle-_back_-omy which had been administered,--"why should you be shockedat stabbing me in the back?
have i not wherewithal in my hand to stabme a thousand times in the heart?
look at these letters, all of which ihave read!
you had, indeed, reason to leave me in galway; but i willsubmit to it no longer.
mr rainscourt, i insist upon an immediateseparation."
"why should we quarrel, then, my dear, when we are both of one mind?
now do me the favour to sit down, and talk the matter over quietly.
what is it that you require?"
"first, then, mr rainscourt, an acknowledgment on your part, that i ama most injured, and most ill-treated woman."
"granted, my dear, if that will add to your happiness; i certainly havenever known your value."
"don't sneer, sir, if you please.
secondly, a handsome allowance,commensurate with your fortune."
"granted, with pleasure, mrs rainscourt."
"thirdly, mr rainscourt, an extra allowance for the education andexpenses of my daughter, who will remain under my care."
"further, mr rainscourt, to keep up appearances, i wish one of themansions on your different estates in england to be appropriated for ouruse.
your daughter ought to be known, and reside on the property ofwhich she is the future heiress."
"a reasonable demand, which i accede to.
is there anything further?"
"nothing of moment; but, for emily's sake, i should wish that you shouldpay us an occasional visit, and, generally speaking, keep up appearancesbefore the world."
"that i shall be most happy to do, my dear, and shall always speak ofyou, as i feel, with respect and esteem.
is there anything more, mrsrainscourt?"
"there is not; but i believe that if i had been ten times moreexorbitant in my demands," replied the lady, with pique, "that you wouldhave granted them--for the pleasure of getting rid of me."
"i would, indeed, my dear," replied rainscourt; "you may command me inanything, except my own person."
"i require no _other_ partition, sir, than that of your fortune."
"and of that, my dear, you shall, as i have declared, have a liberalshare.
so now, mrs rainscourt, i think we can have no further occasionfor disagreement.
the property in norfolk, where admiral de courcyresided, is a beautiful spot, and i request you will consider it as yourhead-quarters.
of course you will be your own mistress when you feelinclined to change the scene.
and now, as all may be considered assettled, let us shake hands, and henceforward be good friends."
mrs rainscourt gave her hand and sealed the new contract, but,ill-treated as she had been,--at variance with her husband for years,--and now convinced that she had been outraged in the tenderest point,still her heart leaned towards the father of her child.
the hand thatnow was extended in earnest of future separation, reminded her of theday when she had offered it in pledge of future fidelity and love, andhad listened with rapture to his reciprocal obligation.
she covered herface with her handkerchief, which was soon moistened with her tears.
such is woman!
to the last moment she cherishes her love, pure as anemanation from the deity.
in the happy days of confidence and truth, itsheds a halo round her existence;--in those of sorrow and desertion,memory, guided by its resistless power, like the gnomon of the dial,marks but those hours which were sunny and serene.
however, mrs rainscourt soon found out that an unlimited credit uponthe banker was no bad substitute for a worthless husband; and, assistedby her pride, she enjoyed more real happiness and peace of mind than shehad done for many years.
during her stay in london, rainscourtoccasionally paid his respects, behaved with great kindness andpropriety, and appeared not a little proud of the expanding beauty ofhis daughter.
mrs rainscourt not only recovered her spirits, but herpersonal attractions; and their numerous acquaintance wondered whatcould possess mr rainscourt to be indifferent to so lively and socharming a woman.
in a few weeks the mansion was ready to receive them,and mrs rainscourt, with emily, and a numerous establishment, quittedthe metropolis, to take up their abode in it for the ensuing summer.
that's your superstition.
pardon us, sir.
with us at sea it still hath been  observed, and we are strong in earnest.
the weather was fine, and the water smooth, on the morning when the_aspasia_ arrived at the reef, which, although well known to exist, hadbeen very incorrectly laid down; and captain m--- thought it advisableto drop his anchor in preference to lying off and on so near to dangerswhich might extend much farther than he was aware.
the frigate was,therefore, brought up in eighteen fathoms, about two miles from thatpart of the reef which discovered itself above water.
the captain and master undertook the survey; but any officers, whovolunteered their assistance, or midshipmen, who wished to profit by theopportunity of gaining a practical knowledge of maritime surveying, werepermitted to join the party, another boat having been lowered down fortheir accommodation.
hector, the captain's newfoundland dog, was flyingabout the decks, mad with delight, as he always was when a boat waslowered down, as he anticipated the pleasure of a swim.
captain m---,who had breakfasted, and whose boat was manned alongside, came on deck;when the dog fawning on him, he desired that his broad leather collar,with the ship's name in large brass letters riveted round it, should betaken off; that it might not be injured by the salt water.
jerry, whowas on deck, and received the order, asked the captain for the key ofthe padlock which secured it, and captain m--- handed him his bunch ofkeys, to which it had been affixed, and desiring him to take the collaroff and return the keys to him, descended again to his cabin.
jerry soon dispossessed the dog of his collar, and, ripe for mischief,went down to the midshipmen's berth, where he found prose alone, therest being all on deck, or scattered about the ship.
prose was theperson that he wanted, being the only one upon whom he could venture apractical joke, without incurring more risk than was agreeable.
jerrycommenced by fixing the collar round his own neck, and said, "i wish icould get _promotion_.
now, if the situation of _captain's dog_ wasonly vacant, i should like the rating amazingly.
i should soon get fatthen, and i think i should look well up in this collar."
"why, jerry, that collar certainly does look as if it was made for you;it's rather ornamental, i do declare."
"i wish i had a glass, to see how it looks.
i would try it on you,prose, but you've such a bull neck, that it wouldn't go half round it."
"bull neck, jerry--why, i'll lay you sixpence that my neck's almost assmall as yours; and i'll lay you a shilling that the collar will goround my neck."
"done; now let's see--recollect the staple must go into the hole, or youlose," said jerry, fixing the collar round prose's neck, and pretendingthat the staple was not into the hole of the collar until he hadinserted the padlock, turned and taken out the key.
"well, i do declare i've lost, prose.
i must go and get you theshilling," continued jerry, making his escape out of the berth, andleaving prose with the collar so tight under his chin, that he couldscarcely open his mouth.
jerry arrived on the quarter-deck, just as thecaptain was stepping into the boat, and he went up to him, and touchinghis hat, presented him with the bunch of keys.
"oh, thank you, mr jerry; i had forgotten them," said captain m---,descending the side, and shoving off.
"whose clothes are these hanging on the davit-guys?"
said mr bully, whohad given order that no clothes were to be drying after eight o'clock inthe morning.
"i believe that they are mr prose's, sir, though i am not sure,"answered jerry, who knew very well that they were not, but wished thatprose should be sent for.
"quarter-master, tell mr prose to come up to me directly."
jerryimmediately ran down to the berth.
"well, now, jerry, this is too bad, i do declare.
come, take it offagain, that's a good fellow."
"mr prose," said the quarter-master, "the first-lieutenant wants you ondeck directly."
"there now, jerry, what a mess i might have been in!
where's the key?"
"i have not got it," replied jerry; "the captain saw me on thequarter-deck, and took the bunch of keys away with him."
is the captain gone away?
i do declare,--now, this is too bad,"cried prose, in a rage.
"too bad!--why, man, don't be angry--it's a distinction.
between me andthe first-lieutenant, you are created a knight of the _grand cross_.
igave you the _collar_, and he has given you the _order_, which irecommend you to comply with, without you wish further elevation to themast-head."
"mr prose, the first-lieutenant wants you, immediately," said thequarter-master, who had been despatched to him again.
"why, how can i go up with a dog's collar round my neck?"
"i'm sorry, very sorry indeed, prose.
never mind--say it was me."
"say it was you!
why, so it was you.
i'd better say that i'm sick."
"yes, that will do.
what shall your complaint be?--a _lockjaw_?
i'llgo up and tell mr bully--shall i?"
"do--tell him i'm not well."
jerry went up accordingly.
"mr prose is not well, sir--he has a sortof lock-jaw."
"i wish to god you had the same complaint, sir," replied thefirst-lieutenant, who owed him one.
"macallan, is mr prose ill?"
"not that i know of; he has not applied to me.
i'll go down and see himbefore i go on shore."
macallan came up laughing, but he recovered his seriousness before bullyperceived it.
"mr prose is certainly not very fit to come on deck in his presentstate," said macallan, who then descended the side, and the boat, whichhad been waiting for him, shoved off.
but, this time, jerry was caughtin his own trap.
"mr j---, where is the dog's collar?--it must be oiled and cleaned,"said the first-lieutenant.
"shall i give it to the armourer, sir?"
"no, bring it up to me."
jerry went down, and returned in a few minutes.
"i cannot find it, sir;i left it in the berth when i came on deck."
"that's just like your usual carelessness, mr j---.
now go up to themast-head, and stay there till i call you down."
jerry, who did not like the turn which the joke had taken, moved up witha very reluctant step--at the rate of about one ratline in ten seconds.
"come, sir, what are you about?--_start up_."
"i'm no _up-start_, sir," replied jerry to the first-lieutenant--asarcasm which hit so hard, that jerry was not called down till dark; andlong after prose had, by making interest with the captain's steward,obtained the keys, and released his neck from its enthralment.
the party in the second boat were landed on the reef, and while the restwere attending to the survey, macallan was employed in examining thecrevices of the rocks, and collecting the different objects of naturalhistory which presented themselves.
the boat was sent on board, as itwas not required until the afternoon, when the gun-room officers were toreturn to dinner.
the captain's gig remained on shore, and the coxswainwas employed by macallan in receiving from him the different shells andvarieties of coral, with which the rocks were covered.
"take particular care of this specimen," said the surgeon, as hedelivered a bunch of corallines into the hands of marshall, thecoxswain.
"i ax your pardon, mr macallan,--but what's the good of picking up allthis rubbish?"
replied the surgeon, laughing--"why you don't know what itis.
what do you think those are which i just gave you?"
"why, weeds are rubbish, and these be only pieces of seaweed."
"they happen to be _animals_."
cried the coxswain, with an incredulous smile; "well, sir, ialways took 'em to be _weggitables_.
we live and larn, sure enough.
are cabbage and _hingions hanimals_ too?"
"no," replied the surgeon, much amused, "they are not, marshall; butthese are.
now take them to the boat, and put them in a safe place; andthen come back."
"i say, bill, look ye here," said the coxswain to one of the sailors,who was lying down on the thwarts of the boat, holding up the coral tohim in a contemptuous manner--"what the hell d'ye think this is?
why,it's a hanimal!"
"i'll be blow'd if the doctor don't say it's a hanimal!"
"no more a hanimal than i am," replied the sailor, laying his head downagain on the thwarts, and shutting his eyes.
in a few minutes marshall returned to the surgeon, who, tired withclambering over the rocks, was sitting down to rest himself a little.
"well, marshall, i hope you have not hurt what i gave into your charge."
"hurt 'em!--why, sir, a'ter what you told me, i'd as soon have hurt acat."
"what, you are superstitious on that point, as seamen generally are."
"super-what, mr macallan?
i only knows, that they who ill-treats acat, comes worst off.
i've proof positive of that since i have been inthe service.
i could spin you a yarn."
"well now, marshall, pray do.
come, sit down here--i am fond of proofpositive.
now, let me hear what you have to say, and i'll listenwithout interrupting you."
the coxswain took his seat, as macallan desired, and, taking the quid oftobacco out of his cheek, and laying it down on the rock beside him,commenced as follows:--"well now, d'ye see, mr macallan, i'll just exactly tell you how itwas, and then i leaves you to judge whether a cat's to be sarved in thatway.
it was when i belonged to the _survellanty_ frigate, that we werelaying in cawsand bay, awaiting for sailing orders.
we hadn't droppedthe anchor more than a week, and there was no liberty ashore.
well,sir, the purser found out that his steward was a bit of a rascal, andturns him adrift.
the ship's company knew that long afore; for it wasnot a few that he had cheated, and we were all glad to see him and histraps handed down the side.
now, sir, this here fellow had a blackcat--but it warn't at all like other cats.
when it was a kitten, theyhad cut off his tail close to its starn, and his ears had been shavedoff just as close to his figure-head, and the hanimal used to set up onhis hind legs and fight like a rabbit.
it had quite lost its natur, asit were, and looked, for all the world, like a little imp of darkness.
it always lived in the purser's steward's room, and we never seed himbut when we went down for the biscuit and flour as was sarving out.
"well, sir, when this rascal of a steward leaves the ship, he had nonatural affection for his cat, and he leaves him on board, belonging tonobody; and the steward as comes in his place turns him out of thesteward's room; so the poor jury-rigged little devil had to take care ofitself.
"we all tried to coax it into one berth or the other, but the poor brutewouldn't take to nobody.
you know, sir, a cat doesn't like to change sohe wandered about the ship, mewing all day, and thieving all night.
atlast, he takes to the master's cabin, and makes a dirt there, and themaster gets very savage, and swears that he'll kill him, if ever hecomes athwart him.
"now, sir, you knows it's the natur of cats always to make a dirt in thesame place,--reason why, god only knows; and so this poor black devilalways returns to the master's cabin, and makes it, as it were, hishead-quarters.
at last the master, who was as even-tempered an officeras ever i sailed with, finds one day that his sextant case is all of asmudge: so being touched in a sore place, he gets into a great rage, andorders all the boys of the ship to catch the cat; and after much ado,the poor cat was catched, and brought aft into the gun-room.
`now,then, p---,' said the master to the first-lieutenant, `will you helpkill the dirty beast?'
--and the first-lieutenant, who cared more abouthis lower deck being clean than fifty human beings' lives, said hewould; so they called the sargant o' marines, and orders him to bring uptwo ship's muskets and some ball cartridge, and they goes on deck withthe cat in their arms.
"well, sir, when the men saw the cat brought up on deck, and hears thathe was to be hove overboard, they all congregates together upon the leegangway, and gives their opinions on the subject,--and one says, `let'sgo and speak to the first-lieutenant;' and another says, `he'll put youon the black list;' and so they don't do nothing--all except jenkins,the boatswain's mate, who calls to a waterman out of the main-deck port,and says, `waterman,' says he, `when they heaves that cat overboard, doyou pick him up, and i'll give you a shilling;' and the waterman says ashow he would, for you see, sir, the men didn't know that the muskets hadbeen ordered up to shoot the poor beast.
"well, sir, the waterman laid off on his oars, and the men, knowing whatjenkins had done, were content.
but when the sargant o' marines comesup, and loads the muskets with ball cartridges, then the men begins togrumble; howsomever, the master throws the cat overboard off thelee-quarter, and the waterman, as soon as he sees her splash in thewater, backs astarn to take her into the boat, but the first-lieutenanttells him to get out of the way, if he doesn't want a bullet through hisboat--so he pulls ahead again.
the master fires first, and hits the cata clip on the neck, which turns her half over, and the first-lieutenantfires his musket, and cuts the poor hanimal right in half by thebackbone, and she sprawls a bit, and then goes down to the bottom.
`capital shots both,' says the first-lieutenant; `he'll never take anobservation of your sextant again, master;' and they both laughsheartily, and goes down the ladder to get their dinner.
"well, sir, i never seed a ship's company in such a farmant, or such anitty kicked up 'tween decks, in my life: it was almost as bad as amutiny; but they piped to grog soon a'ter, and the men goes to theirberths and talks the matter over more coolly, and they all agrees thatno good would come to the ship a'ter that, and very melancholy theywere, and couldn't forget it.
"well, sir; our sailing orders comes down the next day, and the firstcutter is sent on shore for the captain, and six men out of ten leavesthe boat, and i'm sure that it warn't for desartion, but all along ofthat cat being hove overboard and butchered in that way--for three on'em were messmates of mine--for you know, sir, we talks them mattersover, and if they had had a mind to quit the sarvice, i should haveknow'd it.
the captain was as savage as a bear with a sore head, anddid nothing but growl for three days afterwards, and it was well to keepclear on him, for he snapped right and left, like a mad dog.
i neverseed him in such a humour afore, except once when he had a fortnight'sfoul wind.
"well, sir, we had been out a week, when we falls in with a largefrigate, and beats to quarters.
we expected her to be a frenchman; butas soon as she comes within gunshot, she hoists the private signal, andproves to be the _semiramus_, and our senior officer.
the next morning,cruising together, we sees a vessel in-shore, and the _semiramus_ standsin on the larboard tack, and orders us by signal to keep away, andprevent his running along the coast.
the vessel, finding that shecouldn't go no way, comes to an anchor under a battery of two guns--andthen the commodore makes the signal for boats manned and armed, to cuther out.
"well, sir, our first-lieutenant was in his cot, on his beam ends, withthe rheumatiz, and couldn't go on sarvice; so the second and thirdlieutenants, and master, and one of the midshipmen, had command of ourfour boats, and the commodore sent seven of his'n.
the boats pulled in,and carried the vessel in good style, and there never was a man hurt.
as many boats as could clap on her took her in tow, and out she came atthe rate of four knots an hour.
i was coaxswain of the pinnace, whichwas under the charge of the master, and we were pulling on board, as allthe boats weren't wanted to tow--and we were about three cables' lengthahead of the vessel, when i sees her aground upon a rock, that nobodyknows nothing about, on the starboard side of the entrance of theharbour; and i said that she were grounded to the master, who orders usto pull back to the vessel to assist 'em in getting her off again.
"well, sir, we gets alongside of her, and finds that she was off again,having only grazed the rock, and the boats towed her out again with arally.
now the frenchmen were firing at us with muskets, for we hadshut in the battery, and as we were almost out of the musket-shot, theballs only pitted in the water, without doing any harm--and i wasa-standing with the master on the starn-sheets, my body being justbetween him and the beach where they were a-firing from.
it seemedmortally impossible to hit him, except through me.
howsomever, a bulletpasses between my arm--just here, and my side, and striked him dead uponthe spot.
there warn't another man hit out of nine boats' crews, andi'll leave you to guess whether the sailors didn't declare that he gothis death all along of murdering the cat.
"well, sir, the men thought, as he had _fired first_, that now all wasover; only jenkins, the boatswain's-mate, said, `that he warn't quitesure of that.'
we parts company with the commodore the next day, andthe day a'ter, as it turned out, we falls in with a french frigate.
shehad the heels of us, and kept us at long balls, but we hoped to cut heroff from running into brest, if a slant o' wind favoured us--andobligating her to fight, whether or no.
tom collins, the firstlieutenant, was still laid up in his cot with the rheumaticks, but whenhe hears of a french frigate, he gets up, and goes on deck; but when hegets there he tips us a faint, and falls down on the carronade slide,and his hat rolled off his head into the waist.
he tried, but he was soweak that he couldn't get up on his sticks again.
"well, sir, the captain goes up to him, and says something about zeal,and all that, and tells him he must go down below again, because he'squite incapable, and orders the men at the foremost carronades to takehim to his cot.
now, sir, just as we were handing him down the ladder,for i was captain of the gun, a shot comes in at the second port, andtakes off his skull as he lays in our arms, and never hurts another man.
he was dead in no time; and what was more curious, it was the only shotthat hit the frigate.
the frenchman got into brest--so it was noaction, after all.
"so, you see, mr macallan, in two _scrummages_ only two men were killedout of hundreds, and they were the two who had killed the cat!
now,that's what i calls proof positive, for i seed it all with my own eyes;and i should like to know whether you could do the same, with regard tothat thing being a _hanimal_?"
"i will, marshall; to-morrow you shall see that with your own eyes."
"to-morrow come never!"
[see note 1] muttered the coxswain, replacingthe quid of tobacco in his cheek.
------------------------------------------------------------------------note 1.  the phraseology of sailors has been so caricatured of late,that i am afraid my story will be considered as translated into english.
seamen, however, must decide which is correct.
while he was expounding, in set terms, the most abstruse of  his pious doctrines, the head of the tub whereon the good man stood  gave way, and the preacher was lost from before the eyes of the whole  congregation.
_life of the reverend mr smith, ss_.
seymour, who was always the companion of captain m---, whenever eitherinstruction or amusement was to be gained, now quitted the surveyingparty to join macallan, who still continued seated on the rocks,reflecting upon the remarkable coincidence which the coxswain hadnarrated, sufficient in itself to confirm the superstitious ideas of thesailors for another century.
his thoughts naturally reverted to theother point, in which seafaring men are equally bigoted, the disastrousconsequences of "sailing on a friday;" the origin of which superstitioncan easily be traced to early catholicism, when out of respect for theday of universal redemption, they were directed by their pastors toawait the "morrow's sun."
"thus," mentally exclaimed macallan, "has religion degenerated intosuperstition; and that which, from the purity of its origin, would havecommanded our respect, is now only deserving of our contempt.
it is bythe motives that have produced them, that our actions must be weighed.
that which once was an offering of religious veneration and love, is nowa tribute to superstition and to fear.
well, seymour," said he,addressing his companion, "how do you like surveying?"
"not much; the sun is hot, and the glare so powerful that i am almostblind.
what a pity it is that we had not some trees here, to shade usfrom the heat!
i should like to plant some for the benefit of those whomay come after us."
"a correct feeling on your part, my boy; but no trees would grow here atpresent--there is no soil."
"there is plenty of some sort or other in the part where we have beensurveying."
"yes, the sand thrown up by the sea, and the particles of shells androck, which have been triturated by the wave, or decomposed by thealternate action of the elements; but there is no vegetable matter,without which there can be no vegetable produce.
observe, willy,--theskeleton of this earth is framed of rocks and mountains, which have beenproudly rearing their heads into the clouds, or lying in dark majestybeneath the seas, since the creation of the world, when they were fixedby the almighty architect, to remain till time shall be no more.
overthem, we find the wrecks of a former world--once as beautiful, asthickly peopled, but more thoughtless and more wicked than the present,which was hurled into one general chaos, and its component, butincongruous parts, amalgamated in awful mockery by the deluge--thattremendous evidence of the wrath of heaven.
but it has long passedaway; and o'er the relics of former creation, o'er the kneaded mass ofman in his pride, of woman in her beauty, of arts in their splendour, ofvice in her zenith, and of virtue in her tomb, we are standing uponanother, teeming with life, and yielding forth her fruits in the seasonas before.
but, willy, the supports of life are not to be found inprimeval rocks or antediluvial remains.
it is from the superficialcovering, the thin crust with which the earth is covered, composed ofthe remains of former existence, of the breccia of exhausted nature,that animal creation derives its support; and it is the grand axiom ofthe universe, that _animal life can only be supported by animalremains_.
from the meanest insect that crawls upon the ground, to manin his perfection, life is supported and continued by animal andvegetable food; and it is only the decayed matter returned to the earth,which enables the lofty cedar to extend its boughs, or the lowly violetto exhale its perfume.
this is a world of eternal reproduction anddecay--one endless cycle of the living preying on the dead--a phoenix,yearly, daily, and hourly springing from its ashes, in renewed strengthand beauty.
the blade of grass, which shoots from the soil, flowers,casts its seed, and dies, to make room for its offspring, nourished bythe relics of its parent, is a type of the never-changing law,controlling all nature, even to man himself, who must pass away to makeroom for the generation which is to come."
the boat which, returning from the ship, appeared like a black speck onthe water, indicated that the dinner-hour was at hand; and price and thepurser, who had come on shore with macallan, now joined him and willy,who were sitting down on the rocks at the water's edge.
"well, macallan," said price, "it's a fine thing to be a philosopher.
what is that which milton says?
let me see!--sweet--something--divinephilosophy--i forget the exact words.
well, what have you caught?"
"if you've caught nothing, doctor, you're better off than i am," saidthe purser, wiping his brow, "for i've caught a headache."
"i have been very well amused," replied macallan.
"ay, i suppose, like what's-his-name in the forest--you recollect?"
"no, indeed, i do not."
bless my soul--you know, sermons in stones, and good ineverything.
i forget how the lines run.
don't you recollect, o'keefe?"
continued price, speaking loud in the purser's ear.
"no, i never _collect_.
i don't understand these things," replied thepurser, taking his seat by macallan, and addressing him--"i cannot thinkwhat pleasure there can be in poking about the rocks as you do."
"it serves to amuse me, o'keefe."
"_abuse_ you, my dear fellow!
indeed i never meant it--i beg yourpardon--you mistook me."
"it was my fault.
i did not speak sufficiently loud.
make no apology."
"too _proud_ to make an apology!--no, indeed--i only asked whatamusement you could find?--that's all."
replied macallan, rising from his seat, annoyed atthese repeated attacks from all quarters upon his favourite study.
"listen to me, and i will explain to you how investigation is the parentof both amusement and instruction.
what is this rock that i am standingon?
has it remained here for ages to be dashed by the furious ocean?--or has it lately sprung from the depths, from the silent labour of theindefatigable zoophytes?
look at its sides; behold the variety ofmarine vegetation with which it is loaded.
are they of the class of theulvae, confervae, or fuci?
to be welcomed as old acquaintance, or,hitherto unnoticed, to be added to the catalogue of nature's endlessstores?
and what are those corals, that, like mimic tenants of theforest, extend their graceful boughs!
look at the variety of shellswhich are adhering to its sides.
observe the patellae--with whattenacity they cling to save themselves from being washed into the deepwater, and being devoured by the fishes that are playing in its chasms!
what a source of endless amusement, what a field for deep reflection, isthere in the investigation of this _one little rock_!
when youcontemplate the instinct of the different species, the powers given tothem, so adapted to their wants and their privations--is not the eyedelighted, is not the mind enlarged, and are not the feelingsharmonised?
study the works of the creation, and you turn a desert intoa peopled city--a barren rock into a source of admiration and delight.
nay, search into nature for a few minutes, and you rise a better man.
dive into--"what the conclusion of the doctor's rhapsody may have been is not known;for, stamping too energetically upon the seaweed on the edge of therock, his foot slipped, and he disappeared, with the perpendiculardescent and velocity of a deep-sea lead, into the water alongside of it.
marshall, the coxswain, who had been astonished at his speech, to whichhe had listened with mouth open for want of comprehension, quite forgotthe respect due to an officer, at this unexpected finale.
"watch, there, watch!"
cried the man, and then threw himself down, androlled in convulsions of laughter.
price and willy, whose mirth wasalmost as excessive, did, however, run to his assistance, and caught himby the collar as he rose again to the surface, for it was considerablyout of his depth; while the deaf purser, whose eyes had been fixed onthe ground, in deep attention to catch the doctor's words, and whoseears were not sufficiently acute to hear the splash, looked up as theywere going to his assistance, and asked, with surprise, "where's thedoctor?"
the sides of the rock were so slippery, that the united efforts of priceand seymour (whose powers were much enfeebled from extreme mirth) werenot sufficient to haul macallan upon terra firma.
"marshall, come heredirectly, sir, and help us," cried willy,--an order which the coxswain,who was sufficiently recovered, immediately obeyed.
"give me your hand, mr macallan," said the man, as the surgeon wasclinging to the seaweed; "it's no use holding on by them slippery_hanimals_.
now, then, mr price--all together."
"ay, and as soon as you please," called out the malicious boatkeeper ofthe gig--"i seed a large shark but a minute ago."
roared the surgeon, who already imagined his legencircled by the teeth of the ravenous animal.
by their united efforts, macallan was at last safely landed--and, aftermuch sputtering, blowing, and puffing, was about to address the coxswainin no very amicable manner, when the purser interrupted him.
"by the powers, doctor, but you took the right way to have a closeexamination of all those fine things which you were giving us acatalogue of; but now give us the remainder of your speech--you gave usa practical illustration of diving."
"what sort of sensation was it, doctor?"
"you recollectshakespeare--and `o, methinks what pain it was to drown'--let me see--something--""pray don't tax your memory, price; it's something like our country,--past all further taxation."
"that's the severest thing you've said since we've sailed together.
you're out of humour, doctor.
well, you know what shakespeare says:`there never yet was found a philosopher'--something about thetoothache.
i forget the words."
these attacks did not at all tend to restore the equanimity of thedoctor's temper, which, it must be acknowledged, had some excuse forbeing disturbed by the events of the morning; but he proved himself awise man, for he made no further reply.
the boat pulled in, and theparty returned on board; and when macallan had divested himself of hisuncomfortable attire, and joined his messmates at the dinner-table, hehad recovered his usual serenity of disposition, and joined himself inthe laugh which had been created at his expense.
a man must serve his time to every trade,  save censure.--critics all are ready made.
take hackneyed jokes from miller, got by rote,  with just enough of learning to misquote;  a mind well skill'd to find or forge a fault,  a turn for punning--call it attic salt:  fear not to lie, 'twill seem a lucky hit,  shrink not from blasphemy, 'twill pass for wit,  care not for feeling,--pass your proper jest,  and stand a critic!
hated, yet caress'd.
the survey was continued.
one morning, after a fatiguing walk frompoint to point, occasionally crossing from one islet to the others inthe boats, the party collected under a projecting rock, which screenedthem from the rays of the vertical sun, and the repast, which had beenbrought from the ship in the morning, was spread before them.
the partyconsisted of captain m---; pearce, the master; the surgeon, who hadaccompanied them to explore the natural productions of the reef; and theconfidential clerk of captain m---, a man of the name of collier, whohad been many years in his service, and who was now employed in notingdown the angles taken with the theodolite.
tired with the labours of the morning, captain m--- did not riseimmediately after their meal had been despatched, but entered intoconversation with the surgeon, who was looking over the memoranda whichhe had made relative to the natural history of the reef.
"do you intend to write a book, mr macallan, that you have collected somany remarks?"
"indeed i do not, sir.
i have no ambition to be an author."
the clerk, who was very taciturn in general, and seldom spoke unless onpoints connected with his duty, joined the conversation by addressingthe surgeon.
"it's a service of danger, sir, and you must be prepared to meet theattacks both of authors and reviewers."
"of reviewers i can imagine," replied macallan; "but why of authors?"
"that depends very much whether you tread over beaten ground, or strikeinto a new path.
in the latter case you will be pretty safe from both,as the authors will be _indifferent_ and the reviewers, in allprobability, _incapable_."
"and why, if i enter upon a beaten track, which, i presume, infers astyle of writing in which others have preceded me?"
"because, sir, when a new author makes his appearance, he is much in thesame situation as a strange dog entering a kennel preoccupied by manyothers.
he is immediately attacked and worried by the rest, until,either by boldly defending himself or pertinaciously refusing to quit,he eventually obtains a domiciliation, and becomes an acknowledgedmember of the fraternity."
"why, mr collier," observed the captain, "you seem to be quite _aufait_ as to literary arrangements."
"i ought to be, sir," replied the clerk, "for in the course of my life ihave attempted to become an author, and practised as a reviewer."
and did you fail in your attempt at authorship?"
"my work was never printed, sir, for no bookseller would undertake topublish it.
i tried the whole town; no man would give himself thetrouble to look over the ms.  it was said that the public taste was notthat way, and that it would not do.
at last i received a letter ofintroduction from an old acquaintance to his uncle, who was a literarycharacter.
he certainly did read some parts of my performance."
"and what then?"
"why, sir, he shook his head--told me with a sneer that, as an author, ishould never succeed; but he added, with a sort of encouraging smile,that, from some parts of the ms which he had perused, he thought that hecould find employment for me in the reviewing line, if i chose toundertake it."
"my pride was hurt, and i answered that i could not agree with him, as iconsidered that it required the ability to write a book yourself toenable you to decide upon the merits of others."
"well, i must say that i agree with you," replied the captain.
"proceedin your story, for i am interested."
"my friend answered,--`by no means, my dear sir; a _damned bad author_generally makes a _very good reviewer_.
indeed, sir, to be candid withyou, i never allow any gentleman to review for me, unless he has metwith a misfortune similar to yours.
it is one of the necessaryqualifications of a good reviewer that he should have failed as anauthor; for without the exacerbated feelings arising fromdisappointment, he would not possess gall sufficient for his task, andhis conscience would stand in his way when he was writing against it, ifhe were not spurred on by the keen probes of envy.'"
"and he convinced you?"
"my poverty did, sir, if he did not.
i worked many months for him; buti had better have earned my bread as a common labourer."
"reviews ought to pay well, too," observed macallan; "they areperiodicals in great demand."
"they are so," replied captain m---; "and the reasons are obvious.
fewpeople take the trouble to think for themselves; but, on the contrary,are very glad to find others who will think for them.
some cannot findtime to read--others will not find it.
a review removes all thesedifficulties--gives the busy world an insight into what is going on inthe literary world--and enables the lounger not to appear whollyignorant of a work, the merits of which may happen to be discussed.
butwhat is the consequence?
that seven-eighths of the town are led by thenose by this or that periodical work, having wholly lost sight of thefact, that reviews are far from being gospel.
indeed, i do not know anyset of men so likely to err as reviewers.
in the first place, there isno class of people so irascible, so full of party feeling, so disgracedby envy, as authors; hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness seem topreside over science.
their political opinions step in, and increasethe undue preponderance; and, to crown all, they are more influenced bymoney, being proverbially more in want of it than others.
how, then, isit to be expected that reviews can be impartial?
i seldom read themmyself as i consider that it is better to know nothing than to bemisled."
"and, if it is a fair question, mr collier," continued captain m---,"in what manner were you employed?"
"i am almost ashamed to tell you, sir--i was a mere automaton, amachine, in the hands of others.
a new publication was sent to me, witha private mark from my employer, directing the quantum of praise orcensure which it was to incur.
if the former were allotted to it, thebest passages were selected; if condemned to the latter, all the worst.
the connecting parts of the review were made up from a commonplace book,in which, by turning to any subject, you found the general heads andextracts from the works of others, which you were directed to alter, soas to retain the ideas, but disguise the style, that it might appearoriginal."
"are you aware of the grounds of praise or abuse?--for it appears thatthose who directed the censure did not read the publications?"
"the grounds were various.
books printed by a bookseller, to whom mymaster had a dislike, were sure to be run down; on the contrary, thosepublished by his connections or friends were as much applauded.
moreover, the influence of authors, who were afraid of a successfulrival in their own line often damned a work."
"but you do not mean to say that all reviews are conducted with suchwant of principle?"
"by no means.
there are many very impartial and clever critiques.
themisfortune is, that unless you read the work that is reviewed, youcannot distinguish one from the other."
"and pray what induced you to abandon this creditable employment?"
"a quarrel, sir.
i had reviewed a work, with the private mark ofapproval, when it was found out to be a mistake, and i was desired toreview it with censure.
i expected to be paid for the second review aswell as for the first.
my employer thought proper to consider it all asone job, and refused--so we parted."
"pretty tricks in trade, indeed!"
replied captain m---.
"why, mrcollier, you appear to have belonged to a gang of literary bravos, whosepens, like stilettoes, were always ready to stab, in the dark, theunfortunate individuals who might be pointed out to them by interest orrevenge."
"i acknowledge the justice of your remark, sir; all that i can offer inmy defence is, the excuse of the libeller to cardinal richelieu--`_ilfaut vivre, monsieur_.'"
"and i answer you, with the cardinal--`_je ne vois pas la necessite_,'"replied captain m---, with a smile, as he rose to resume his labours.
he fell, and, deadly pale,  groaned out his soul.
"do, mamma, come here," said emily, as she was looking out of the windowof an inn on the road, where they had stopped to take somerefreshment--"do come, and see what a pretty lady is in the chariotwhich has stopped at the door."
mrs rainscourt complied with her daughter's request, and acknowledgedthe justice of the remark when she saw the expressive countenance ofsusan (now mrs mcelvina), who was listening to the proposal of herhusband that they should alight and partake of some refreshment.
susanconsented, and was followed by old hornblow, who, pulling out his watchfrom his white cassimere _femoralia_, which he had continued to wearever since the day of the wedding, declared that they must stop to dine.
"this country air makes one confoundedly hungry," said the old man; "ideclare i never had such an appetite in cateaton-street.
susan, mydear, order something that won't take long in cooking--a beef-steak, ifthey have nothing down at the fire."
mrs rainscourt, who was as much prepossessed with the appearance ofmcelvina as with that of his wife, gave vent to her thoughts with "iwonder who they are!"
her maid, who was in the room, took this as ahint to obtain the gratification of her mistress's curiosity as well asher own, and proceeded accordingly on her voyage of discovery.
in a fewminutes she returned, having boarded the abigail of mrs mcelvina justas she was coming to an anchor inside the bar; and, having made aninterchange of intelligence, with a rapidity incredible to those who arenot aware of the velocity of communication between this description ofpeople, re-entered the parlour, to make a report to her commandingofficer, precisely at the same moment that susan's maid was deliveringher cargo of intelligence to her own mistress.
"they are a new-married couple, ma'am, and their name is mcelvina," saidthe one.
"the lady is a mrs rainscourt, and the young lady is her daughter, anda great heiress," whispered the other.
"they have purchased the hunting box close to the --- hall, and aregoing there now," said the first.
"they live at the great park, close to where you are going, ma'am," saidthe second.
"the old gentleman's name is hornblow.
he is the lady's father, and asrich as a jew, they say," continued mrs rainscourt's maid.
"mrs rainscourt don't live with her husband, ma'am; by all accountshe's a bad 'un," continued the abigail of susan.
the publicity of the staircase of an hotel is very convenient for makingan acquaintance; and it happened that, just after these communicationshad been made, emily was ascending the stairs as mrs mcelvina was goingdown to join her husband and father at the dinner table.
the smilingface and beaming eyes of emily, who evidently lingered to be spoken to,were so engaging that she soon found her way into the room which themcelvinas were occupying.
mrs rainscourt was not sorry to find that she was to have forneighbours a couple whose appearance had so prepossessed her in theirfavour.
as she expected that her society would be rather confined, shedid not suffer to escape the favourable opportunity which presenteditself of making their acquaintance.
as they were returning to theirvehicles, emily ran to mrs mcelvina to wish her good-bye, and mrsrainscourt expressed her thanks for the notice they had taken of herdaughter.
a few minutes' conversation ended in "hoping to have thepleasure of making their acquaintance as soon as they were settled."
the carriages drove off; and we shall follow that of the mcelvinas,which arrived at its destination late in the evening, without anyaccident.
the cottage-ornee (as all middle-sized houses with verandas and frenchwindows are now designated), which hornblow had purchased, was, for awonder, quite as complete as described in the particulars of sale.
ithad the sloping lawn in front; the three acres (more or less) ofplantation and pleasure ground, tastefully laid out, and planted withthriving young trees; the capital walled gardens, stocked with thechoicest fruit trees, in full bearing; abundant springs of the finestwater; stabling for six horses; cow-house, cart-house, farm-yard, and_complete piggery_.
the dimensions of the conservatory, and rooms inthe interior of the house were quite correct; and the land attached toit was according to "the accompanying plan," and divided into parcels,designated by the rural terms of "homestead," "lob's-pound,""eight-acre-meadow," "little-orchard field," etcetera, etcetera.
in short, it was a very eligible purchase, and a very pretty and retireddomicile; and when our party arrived, the flowers seemed to yield a moregrateful perfume, the trees appeared more umbrageous, and the verdure ofthe meadows of a more refreshing green, from the contrast with so manyhours' travelling upon a dusty road, during a sultry day.
"oh, how beautiful these roses are!
do look, my dear father."
"they are, indeed," replied old hornblow, delighted at the happy face ofhis daughter;--"but i should like some tea, susan--i am not used to somuch jumbling.
i feel tired, and shall go to bed early."
tea was accordingly prepared; soon after which, the old gentleman roseto retire.
"well," said he, as he lighted his chamber candle, "i suppose i amsettled here for life; but i hardly know what to do with myself.
i mustmake acquaintance with all the flowers and all the trees: the budding ofthe spring will make me think of grandchildren; the tree, clothed in itsbeauty, of you; and the fall of the leaf, of myself.
i must count thepoultry, and look after the pigs, and see the cows milked.
i was fondof the little parlour in cateaton-street, because i had sat in it solong; and i suppose that i shall get fond of this place too, if i findenough to employ and amuse me.
but you must be quick and give me agrandchild, susan, and then i shall nurse him all day long.
goodnight--god bless you, my dear, good night."
"good night, my dear sir," replied susan, who had coloured deeply at therequest which he had made.
"good night, mcelvina, my boy; this is the first night we pass underthis roof; may we live many happy years in it;" and old hornblow leftthe room, and ascended the stairs.
mcelvina had encircled susan's waistwith his arm, and was probably about to utter some wish in unison withthat of her father, when the noise of a heavy fall sounded in theirears.
cried susan, "it is my father who has fallen downstairs."
mcelvina rushed out; it was but too true.
the stair-carpet had not yetbeen laid down, and his foot had slipped at the uppermost step.
he wastaken up senseless, and when medical advice was procured, his head andhis spine were found to be seriously injured.
in a few days, duringwhich he never spoke, old hornblow was no more.
thus the old man, likethe prophet of old, after all his toiling, was but permitted to see thepromised land; and thus are our days cut short at the very moment ofrealising our most sanguine expectations.
reader, let us look at home.
shall i, now thoughtlessly riding upon theagitated billow, with but one thin plank between me and death, and yetso busy with this futile work, be permitted to bring it to a close?
thehand which guides the flowing pen may to-morrow be stiff; the head nowteeming with its subject may be past all thought ere to-morrow's sun isset--ay, sooner!
and you, reader, who may so far have had the courageto proceed in the volumes without throwing them away, shall you bepermitted to finish your more trifling task?--or, before its close, behurried from this transitory scene where fiction ends, and the spirit,re-endowed, will be enabled to raise its eyes upon the lightning beamsof unveiled truth?
and if you chance his shipp to borde,  this counsel i must give withall.
ballad of sir andrew barton, 1560.  discretion  and hardy valour are the twins of honour,  and, nursed together, make a conqueror!
divided, but a talker.
beaumont and fletcher.
the survey having been completed, captain m---, in pursuance of theorders which he had received, weighed his anchor, and proceeded tocruise until the want of provisions and water should compel him toreturn into port.
for many days the look-out men at the mastheads weredisappointed in their hopes of reporting a strange sail, the chase orcapture of which would relieve the monotony of constant sky and water,until, one sunday forenoon, as captain m--- was performing divineservice, the man at the masthead hailed the deck with "a strange sail onthe weather-bow!"
the puritan may be shocked to hear that the service was speedily,although decorously closed; but captain m--- was aware from thefidgeting of the ship's company, upon the capstan bars, on which theywere seated, that it would be impossible to regain their attention tothe service, even if he had felt inclined to proceed: and he well knew,that any worship of god in which the mind and heart were not engaged,was but an idle ceremony, if not a solemn mockery.
the hands wereturned up--all sail was made--and in an hour, the stranger was to beseen with the naked eye from the fore-yard.
"what do you make of her, mr stewart?"
said the first-lieutenant tohim, as he sat aloft with his glass directed towards the vessel.
"a merchant ship, sir, in ballast."
"what did he say, jerry?"
inquired prose, who stood by him on thegangway.
"a french vessel, deeply laden, prose."
said prose, rubbing his hands.
"we shall get someprize-money, i do declare."
"to be sure we shall.
it will give us twenty pounds at least for amidshipman's share, for her cargo must be sugar and coffee.
only,confound it, one has to wait so long for it.
i'll sell mine, dog-cheap,if any one will buy it.
will you, prose?"
"why, jerry, i don't much like speculation: but, now, what would youreally sell your chance for?"
"i'll take ten pounds for it.
we're certain to come up with her."
no, jerry, that is too much.
i'll tell you what, i'llgive you five pounds."
"done," replied jerry, who was aware that a vessel in ballast would notgive him thirty shillings, if captain m--- sent her in, which was veryunlikely.
"where's the money?"
"oh, you must trust to my honour; the first port we go into, i pledgeyou my word that you shall have it."
"i don't doubt your word, or your honour, the least, prose; but still ishould like to have the money in my hand.
could you not borrow it?
never mind--it's a bargain."
in two hours the frigate had neared the stranger so as to distinguishher water-line from the deck, and on hoisting her ensign and pendant,the vessel bore down to her.
"she has hoisted english colours, sir," reported stewart to the captain.
did you say that she had hoisted english colours?"
inquired prose, with an anxious face.
"yes, you booby, i did."
"well, now, i do declare," cried prose, with dismay, "if i haven't lostfive pounds."
the vessel ran under the stern of the frigate, and requested a boat tobe sent on board, as she had intelligence to communicate.
the boatreturned, and acquainted captain m--- that the vessel had been boardedand plundered by a french privateer schooner, which had committed greatdepredation in that quarter, and that it was not above eight hours thatshe had left her, and made sail towards porto rico, taking out twomerchants, who were passengers.
the boat was immediately hoisted up,and all sail made in the direction of the island, which was not abovefifteen leagues distant.
as the day closed in, their eyes weregratified by the sight of the schooner, becalmed close in under theland.
perceiving the frigate in pursuit of her, and unable to escape,she came to an anchor in a small and shallow bay, within a cable'slength of the beach.
captain m---, having run his ship as close in asthe depth of water would permit, which was between two and three milesof her, so as to render her escape impossible, came to an anchor,signifying to his officers his determination to cut her out with hisboats on the ensuing day.
the officers who were to be intrusted with the command of the boats, andthe crews which were to be employed on the service, were selected, andmustered on the quarter-deck, previous to the hammocks being piped down,that the former might hold themselves in readiness, and that the lattermight remain in their hammocks during the night.
all was anxiety forthe sun to rise again upon those who were about to venture in thelottery, where the prizes would be honour, and the blanks--death.
therewere but few whose souls were of that decided brute composition thatthey could sleep through the whole of the tedious night.
they woke and"swore a prayer or two, then slept again."
the sun had not yet made hisappearance above the horizon, although the eastern blush announced thatthe spinning earth would shortly whirl the _aspasia_ into his presence,when the pipes of the boatswain and his mates, with the summons of "allhands ahoy--up all hammocks!"
were obeyed with the alacrity socharacteristic of english seamen anticipating danger.
the hammocks weresoon stowed, and the hands turned up.
the yard tacklesand stays were hooked, and the larger boats from the booms descendedwith a heavy splash into the water, which they threw out on each side ofthem as they displaced it with their weight; while the cutters from thequarter-davits were already lowered down, and were being manned underthe chains.
broad daylight discovered the privateer, who, aware of their intentions,had employed the night in taking every precaution that skill couldsuggest to repel the expected attack.
secured with cables and hawsers,extending from each bow and quarter--her starboard broadside directed toseaward--her boarding netting triced up to the lower rigging--and booms,connected together, rigged out from the sides, to prevent them fromlaying her on board.
there was no wind; the sea was smooth as glass;and the french colours, hoisted in defiance at each masthead, hunglistlessly down the spars, as if fainting for the breeze which wouldexpand them in their vigour.
she was pierced for eight ports on a side;and the guns, which pointed through them, with the tompions out, readyto shower destruction upon her assailants, showed like the teeth of thesnarling wolf, who stands at bay, awaiting the attack of his undauntedpursuers.
the boats had received their guns, which were fixed on slides, so as toenable them to be fired over the bows, without impeding the use of theoars; the ammunition and arm-chests had been placed in security abaft.
the sailors, with their cutlasses belted round their waists, and apistol stuck in their girdles, or in a becket at the side of the boat,ready to their hands--the marines, in proportion to the number whicheach boat could carry, sitting in the stern-sheets, with their musketsbetween their legs, and their well pipeclayed belts for bayonet andcartouch-box crossed over their old jackets, half dirt, half finery--allwas ready for shoving off, when captain m--- desired the officers whomhe had appointed to the expedition to step down into his cabin.
bully,the first lieutenant, was unwell with an intermittent fever, and captainm---, at the request of macallan, would not accede to his anxiety totake the command.
price, courtenay, stewart, and three othermidshipmen, were those who had been selected for the dangerous service.
"gentlemen," said captain m---, as they stood round the table in thefore-cabin, waiting for his communication, "i must call your attentionto a few points, which it is my wish that you should bear inremembrance, now that you are about to proceed upon what will, in alllikelihood, prove to be an arduous service.
this vessel has alreadydone so much mischief, that i conceive it my duty to capture her ifpossible: and although there is no service in which, generally speaking,there is so great a sacrifice of life, in proportion to the object to beattained, as that which is generally termed `cutting out,' yet, ratherthan she should escape, to the further injury of our trade, i havedetermined to have recourse to the measure.
"but, gentlemen (and to you, mr price, as commanding the expedition, iparticularly address myself), recollect that, even in this extreme case,without proper arrangement, we may not only purchase our victory toodear, but may even sacrifice a number of lives without succeeding in ourattempt.
of your courage i have not the least doubt; but let it beremembered; that it is something more than mere animal courage which iexpect in the behaviour of my officers.
if nothing more were required,the command of these boats might be as safely intrusted to any of theforemast men, who, like the bulldogs of our country, will thrust theirheads into the lion's jaw with perfect indifference.
"what i require, and expect, and will have, from every officer who looksfor promotion from my recommendation, is what i term--conduct: by whichi would imply, that coolness and presence of mind which enable him tocalculate chances in the midst of danger--to take advantage of afavourable opportunity in the heat of an engagement--and to restrain theimpetuosity of those who have fallen into the dangerous error ofdespising their enemy.
of such conduct the most favourable constructionthat can be put upon it is, that it is only preferable to indecision.
"in a service of this description, even with the greatest courage andprudence united, some loss must necessarily be expected to take place,and there is no providing against unforeseen accidents; but if i findthat, by rash and injudicious behaviour, a greater sacrifice is madethan there is a necessity for, depend upon it that i shall not fail tolet that officer know the high value at which i estimate the life of abritish sailor.
with this caution i shall now give you my ideas as towhat appears the most eligible plan of insuring success.
i have made arough sketch on this paper, which will assist my explanation."
captain m--- then entered into the plan of attack, pointing out theprecautions which should be taken, etcetera: and concluded by observing,that they were by no means to consider themselves as fettered by what hehad proposed, but merely to regard them as hints to guide their conduct,if found preferable to any others which might be suggested by thepeculiarity of the service, and the measures adopted by the enemy.
theofficers returned on deck, and descended into their respective boats,where they found many of the younger midshipmen, who, although notselected for the service, had smuggled themselves into the boats thatthey might be participators in the conflict.
captain m---, although hedid not send them on the service, had no objection to their going, andtherefore pretended not to see them when he looked over the side, anddesired the boats to shove off.
directly the order was given, theremainder of the ship's company mounted the rigging, and saluted themwith three cheers.
the boats' crews tossed their oars while the cheers were given, andreturned the same number.
the oars again descended into the water, andthe armament pulled in for the shore.
conquest pursues, where courage leads the way.
the glasses of captain m---, and the officers who remained on board ofthe frigate, were anxiously pointed towards the boats, which in lessthan half an hour had arrived within gunshot of the privateer.
"thereis a gun from her," cried several of the men at the same moment, as thesmoke boomed along the smooth water.
the shot dashed up the spray underthe bows of the boats, and _ricochetting_ over them, disappeared in thewave, about half a mile astern.
the boats, which, previously, had been pulling in altogether, andwithout any particular order, now separated, and formed a line abreast,so that there was less chance of the shot taking effect than where theywere before, en masse.
"very good, mr price," observed the captain, who had his eye fixed onthem, through his glass.
the boats continued their advance towards the enemy, who fired her twolong guns, both of which she had brought over to her starboard side,but, though well directed, the shot did not strike any of herassailants.
"there's grape, sir," said the master, as the sea was torn and ploughedup with it close to the launch, which, with the other boats, was nowwithin a hundred yards of the privateer.
"the launch returns her fire," observed captain m---.
"and there's blaze away from the pinnace and the barge," cried one ofthe men, who stood on the rattlings of the main rigging.
keep it up," continued the man, in his feeling of excitement,which, pervading captain m---, as well as the rest of the crew, receivedno check, though not exactly in accordance with the strict routine ofthe service.
the combat now became warm; gun after gun from the privateer was rapidlyfired at the boats, who were taking their stations previous to asimultaneous rush to board.
the pinnace had pulled away towards the bowof the privateer; the barge had taken up a position on the quarter; thelaunch remained on her beam, firing round and grape from hereighteen-pounder carronade, with a rapidity that almost enabled her toreturn gun for gun to her superiorly-armed antagonist.
both the cutterswere under her stern, keeping up an incessant fire of musketry, withwhich they were now close enough to annoy the enemy.
"a gun from the rock close to the barge, sir!"
reported the signalman.
"i expected as much," observed captain m--- to the officers standingnear him.
"one of the cutters has winded, sir; she's stretching out for theshore," cried the master.
"bravo--that's decided--and without waiting for orders.
who commandsthat boat?"
inquired captain m---.
"it's the first cutter--mr stewart, sir."
the cutter was on shore before the gun could be reloaded and fired asecond time.
the crew, with the officer at their head, were seen toclamber up the rock!
in a minute they returned, and jumping into theboat, pulled off to give their aid to the capture of the vessel.
"he has spiked the gun, i am certain," observed captain m---.
before the cutter could regain her station, the other boats, weresummoned by the bugle in the launch, and, with loud cheering, pulled uptogether to the attack.
the booms, which had been rigged out to preventthem from coming alongside, already shot through by the grape from thelaunch, offered but little resistance to the impetus with which theboats were forced against them; they either broke in two, or sank underwater.
cried all the men who remained in the_aspasia_, cheering those who heard them not.
but i must transport the reader to the scene of slaughter; for if heremains on board of the _aspasia_, he will distinguish nothing but fireand smoke.
don't be afraid, ladies, if i take you on board of theschooner--"these our actors are all air, thin air," raised by the magicpen for your amusement.
come, then, fearlessly, with me, and view thescene of mortal strife.
the launch has boarded on the starboardgangway, and it is against her that the crew of the privateer havedirected their main efforts.
the boarding nettings cannot be divided, and the men are thrown backwounded or dead, into the boat.
the crew of the pinnace are attemptingthe bows with indifferent success.
some have already fallen a sacrificeto their valour--none have yet succeeded in gaining a footing on deck,while the marines are resisting, with their bayonets, the thrusts of theboarding pikes which are protruded through the ports.
courtenay has notyet boarded in the barge, for, on pulling up on the quarter, heperceived that, on the larboard side of the vessel, the boardingnettings had either been neglected to be properly triced up, or had beencut away by the fire from the boats.
he has pushed alongside, to takeadvantage of the opening, and the two cutters have followed him.
theyboard with little resistance--the enemy are too busy repelling theattacks on the other side--and as his men pour upon the privateer'sdeck, the crews of the launch and pinnace, tired with their vainendeavours to divide the nettings, and rendered desperate by their loss,have run up the fore and main rigging above the nettings, and thrownthemselves down, cutlass in hand into the _melee_ below, careless of thepoints of the weapons which may meet them in their descent.
now is thestruggle for life or death!
courtenay, who was daring as man could be, but not of a very athleticframe, reclimbed from the main chains of the vessel, into which he hadalready once fallen, from one of his own seamen having inadvertentlymade use of his shoulder as a step to assist his own ascent.
he wasovertaken by robinson, the coxswain of the cutter, who sprang up withall the ardour and activity of an english sailor who "meant mischief,"and, pleased with the energy of his officer (forgetting, at the moment,the respect due to his rank), called out to him, by the _sobriquet_ withwhich he had been christened by the men,--"bravo, _little bilious_!
that's your sort!"
"what's that, sir?"
cried courtenay, making a spring, so as to stand onthe plane-sheer of the vessel at the same moment with the coxswain, andseizing him by the collar,--"i say, robinson, what do you mean bycalling me `_little bilious_?'"
continued the lieutenant, whollyregardless of the situation they were placed in.
the coxswain looked athim with surprise, and at the same moment parried off with his cutlass athrust of a pike at courtenay, which, in all probability, wouldotherwise have prevented his asking any more questions; then, withoutmaking any answer, sprang down on the deck into the midst of the affray.
"you, robinson, come back," cried courtenay, after him--"damnedannoying--_little bilious_, indeed!"
continued he, as, following theexample of the coxswain, he proceeded to vent his bile, for the present,on the heads of the frenchmen.
in most instances of boarding, but more especially in boarding smallvessels, there is not much opportunity for what is termed hand-to-handfighting.
it is a rush for the deck; breast to breast, thigh to thigh,foot to foot, man wedged against man, so pressed on by those behind,that there is little possibility of using your cutlass, except bydriving your antagonist's teeth down his throat with the hilt.
gun-shotwounds, of course, take place throughout the whole of the combat, butthose from the sabre and the cutlass are generally given and receivedbefore the close, or after the resistance of one party has yielded tothe pertinacity and courage of the other.
the crews of the barge andcutters having gained possession of the deck in the rear of the enemy,the affair was decided much sooner than it otherwise would have been,for the french fought with desperation, and were commanded by a mostgallant and enterprising captain.
in three minutes, the crew of theprivateer were either beaten below, or forced overboard, and the colourshauled down from the mast-heads announced to captain m--- and the restof the _aspasia's_ crew, the welcome intelligence that the privateer wasin the possession of their gallant shipmates.
the hatches were secured,and the panting englishmen, for a few minutes, desisted from theirexertions, that they might recover their breath; after which price gavedirections for the cables and hawser to be cut, and the boats to goahead, and tow the vessel out.
"they are firing musketry from the shore; they've just hit one of ourmen," said the coxswain of the pinnace.
"then cast off, and bring your gun to bear astern.
if you do not hitthem, at least they will not be so steady in their aim.
as soon as weare out of musket-shot, pull out to us."
the order was executed, whilst the other boats towed the privateertowards the frigate.
in a few minutes they were out of musket-shot; thepinnace returned, and they had leisure to examine into the loss whichthey had sustained in the conflict.
the launch had suffered most; nine of her crew were either killed orwounded.
three seamen and four marines had suffered in the other boats.
twenty-seven of the privateer's men were stretched on the decks, eitherdead or unable to rise.
those who had not been severely hurt hadescaped below with the rest of the crew.
price was standing at the wheel, his sabre not yet sheathed, withcourtenay at his side, when his inveterate habit returned, and hecommenced--"`i do remember, when the fight was done--'""so do i, and devilish glad that it's over," cried jerry, coming forwardfrom the taffrail with a cutlass in hand, which although he could wield,he could certainly not have done much execution with.
"why, how came you here, mr jerry?"
stewart brought me in his boat, with the hopes of getting rid ofme; but i shall live to plague him yet."
"you are not hurt, seymour, i hope?"
said price to our hero, who nowjoined the party, and whose clothes were stained with blood.
"no," replied seymour, smiling.
"it's not my blood--it's stewart's.
ihave been binding up his head; he has a very deep cut on the forehead,and a musket-ball in his neck; but i think neither of the wounds is ofmuch consequence."
"where is he?"
"in the cutter.
i desired them to put the wounded man in her, out ofthe launch, and to pull on board at once.
was not i right?"
"yes, most assuredly.
i should have thought of it myself."
"well, jerry," said seymour, laughing, "how many did you--""i did not count them; but if you meet with any chaps with deeper woundsthan usual, put them down to me.
do you know, mr price, you are moreindebted to me than you may imagine for the success of this affair?"
"how, mr jerry?
i should like to know, that i may prove my gratitude;`eleven out of the thirteen' you paid, i've no doubt."
"it was not altogether that--i frightened them more than i hurt them;for when they would have returned the blows from this stalwart arm,"said jerry, holding out the member in question, which was about thethickness of a large carrot, "i immediately turned edgeways to them, andwas invisible.
they thought that they had to deal with either a ghostor a magician, and, depend upon it, it unnerved them--""`approach thou like,'--what is it?"
resumed price, "something--`hence,horrible shadow, unreal mockery, hence!'"
"pretty names to be called in reward of my services," cried jerry.
"ipresume this is a specimen of the gratitude you were talking about.
well, after all, to take a leaf out of your book, mr price, i considerthat the better part of valour is discretion.
now, that fellow,stewart, he actually gave them his head to play with, and i am not sorrythat he has had it broken--for i calculate that i shall be saved atleast a dozen thrashings by some of his hot blood being let out--`theking's poor cousin!'"
"by the bye, i quite forgot--where's robinson, the coxswain of thecutter?"
"between the guns forward seriously hurt, poor fellow, i am afraid,"answered seymour.
"i'm very sorry for that--i'll go and see him--i wish to speak withhim," replied courtenay, walking forward.
robinson was lying near the long brass gun, which was pointed out of theforemost port, his head pillowed upon the body of the french captain,who had fallen by his hand, just before he had received his mortalwound.
a musket-ball had entered his groin, and divided the iliacartery; he was bleeding to death--nothing could save him.
the coldperspiration on his forehead, and the glassy appearance of his eye, tooplainly indicated that he had but a few minutes to live.
courtenay,shocked at the condition of the poor fellow, who was not only the mosthumorous, but one of the ablest seamen in the ship, knelt down on oneknee beside him, and took his hand.
"how do you feel, robinson?
are you in much pain?"
"none at all, sir, thank ye," replied the man, faintly; "but the pursermay chalk me down d.d.
as soon as he pleases.
i suppose he'll cheatgovernment out of our day's grub though," continued the man, with asmile.
courtenay, aware of the truth of the first observation, thought it nokindness to attempt to deceive a dying man with hopes of recovery in hislast moments; he therefore continued--"can i be of any service to you,robinson?
is there any thing i can do when you are gone?"
"nothing at all, sir.
i've neither chick nor child, nor relation, thati know of.
yes, there is one thing, sir, but it's on the bloody side;the key of the mess chest is in my trousers' pocket--i wish you'drecollect to have it taken out and given to john williams; you must waittill i'm dead, for i can't turn myself just now."
"it shall be attended to," replied courtenay.
"and, mr courtenay, remember me to the captain."
"is there any thing else?"
continued courtenay, who perceived that theman was sinking rapidly.
"nothing--nothing, sir," replied robinson, very, faintly.
"good-bye,god bless you, sir; i'm going fast now."
"but robinson," said courtenay, in a low soothing voice, bending nearerto him, "tell me, my good fellow--i am not the least angry--tell me, whydid you call me _little bilious_?"
the man turned his eyes up to him, and a smile played upon his features,as if he was pleased with the idea of disappointing the curiosity of hisofficer.
he made no answer--his head fell back, and in a few seconds hehad breathed his last.
"poor fellow--he is gone!"
said courtenay, with a deep sigh, as he roseup from the body.
"never answered my question, too--well," continuedhe, as he walked slowly aft, "now that's what i consider to be mostexcessively annoying."
by this time, the privateer had been towed under the stern of thefrigate, and a hawser was sent on board to secure her astern.
price andthe other officers returned on board, where they were well received bycaptain m---, who thanked them for their exertions.
the wounded hadbeen some time under the hands of macallan, and fresh crews having beenordered into the boats, they returned to the privateer.
the hatcheswere taken off and the prisoners removed to the frigate.
the name of the prize was the _estelle_, of two hundred tons burthen,mounting fourteen guns, and having on board, at the commencement of theattack, her full complement of one hundred and twenty-five men.
many with trust, with doubt few are undone.
doubt wisely: in strange way  to stand inquiring right, is not to stray;  to run wrong, is.
when the hatches were taken off on board of the privateer, theprisoners, as they came up, were handed into the boats.
jerry stood atthe hatchway, with his cutlass in his hand, making his sarcastic remarksupon them as they appeared.
a short interval had elapsed, after it wassupposed that everybody had come from below, when a tall, thinpersonage, in the dress of a landsman, crawled up the hatchway.
cried jerry; "mr longtogs, who have we here?
why, he must bethe _padre_.
i say, mounseer, _je_ very much suspect, _que vous etes_what they call a father confessor, _n'est-ce pas_?
devilish good idea.
a privateer with a parson!
what's your pay, mounseer?--a tenth, ofcourse.
little enough too for looking after the souls of such a set ofdamned rascals.
well mounseer, _vous etes prisonnier_, without benefitof clergy; so hop into that boat.
why, confound it, here's another!"
continued jerry, as a second made his appearance.
"he's the clerk, ofcourse, as he follows the parson.
come, mont' arrivo jack!
what acock-eye the rascal has!"
during this elegant harangue, which was certainly meant for his ownamusement more than for their edification, as jerry had no idea but thatthey were belonging to the privateer, and of course could not comprehendhim, both the parties looked at him, and at each other, withastonishment, until the first who had appeared addressed the latterwith, "i say, paul, did you ever see such a thing before?
damn it, whyhe's like a sixpenny fife,--more noise than substance."
jerry at once perceived his mistake, and recollected that the master ofthe vessel which they had boarded had mentioned that two englishmerchants had been taken out of her by the privateer, with the hopes ofransom; but, nettled with the remark which had been made, he retortedwith--"well, i'd recommend you not to attempt to play upon me, that's all."
"no, i don't mean, for i should only make you squeak."
"you are the two gentlemen who were detained by the privateer, ipresume," said pearce, the master, who had come on board to superintendthe necessary arrangements previous to her being sent in.
"we are, sir, and must introduce ourselves.
my name is mr petercapon--that of my friend, designated by that young gentleman ascock-eye, is mr paul contract.
will you oblige us with a boat to go onboard of the frigate, that we may speak to the captain?"
jump into the first cutter there.
i am sorry you havebeen so unpleasantly situated, gentlemen.
why did not you come on deckbefore?"
peter did not state the real ground, which was to secure their property,which was below, from being plundered by the privateer's crew; but,wishing to pay off jerry for his impertinence, replied--"why, we did look up the hatchway several times, but there was somethingso awful, and, i may say, so un-english-like, in the appearance of thatofficer, with his drawn sword, that we were afraid; we could not imagineinto whose hands the vessel had fallen--we thought it had been capturedby the yahoos."
"houyhnhnms, more likely.
you'll find i'm a bit of a horse," repliedjerry, in a passion.
"by jove, then, you're only fit for the hounds," observed the gentlemanwith oblique vision; "i should order you--""would you?
well, now i'll order you, sir," replied the youngster,whose anger made him quite forget the presence of his commandingofficer--"have the goodness to step into that boat."
"and i shall order you, mr j---," observed the master, withasperity--"i order you to go into that boat, and take these gentlemen onboard, and to hold your tongue."
"ay, ay, sir.
this way, sir," said jerry to mr peter, making him apolite bow, and pointing to the boat at the gangway--"in that direction,sir, if you please," continued jerry, bowing to mr paul, and pointingto the quarter of the vessel.
"and why in that direction, sir?"
observed paul, "i am going on board ofthe frigate."
"i know it, sir; it was considerate on my part: i was allowing for theangle of obliquity in your vision.
you would have exactly fetched theboat."
the indignation of mr paul was now at its height; and pearce, themaster, who was much annoyed at jerry's excessive impertinence, which heknew captain m--- would never have overlooked, detained the boat for aminute, while he wrote a few lines to price, requesting him to send thebearer of it to the masthead, upon delivery, for his impertinentconduct.
"mr j---, take this on board, and deliver it from me to thecommanding officer."
"ay, ay, sir," replied jerry.
"shove off there, forward."
mr peter looked jerry earnestly in his face for some time, as they werepulling on board.
"well now, damn it, i like you, if it's only for your excessiveimpudence."
"a negative sort of commendation, but i believe it the only one that hehas," replied the other, in a surly tone.
"highly flattered, sir," replied jerry to mr peter, "that you shouldperceive anything to induce you to like me; but i am sorry i cannotreturn the compliment, for i really cannot perceive anything to like youfor.
as for your friend there, i can only say, that i detest all_crooked_ ways.--in bow forward!--way enough.
now, gentlemen, with yourpermission, i'll show you the road," said the youngster, climbing up theside.
jerry, who had some suspicion that the note was not in his favour, tookthe liberty, as it was neither sealed nor watered, of reading it underthe half-deck, while price was showing the two gentlemen into the cabin.
not to deliver a note on service was an offence for which captainm--- would have dismissed him from the ship; but to be perched up, likea monkey, at the mast-head, in the afternoon, after having fought like aman in the morning, was very much against the grain.
at any other timehe would have cared little about it.
he went upon deck again, where hefound prose on the gangway--"well, prose, my boy, how are you?"
"why, upon my soul, jerry, i am tired to death.
seven times have i beenbackward and forward to that abominable privateer, and now my tea isready, and i am ordered to go again for these gentlemen's things."
"well, that is hard.
i will go for you, prose, shall i?
"all ready, alongside.
well, now, it's very kind of you, jerry, i dodeclare."
jerry laid hold of the man-ropes, and began to descend the side--andthen, as if recollecting himself of a sudden, said, "oh, by the bye, ihad nearly forgot.
here's a note from the master to mr price.
give ithim, prose."
"yes, jerry, i will," replied prose, walking over to the side of thequarter-deck where price was carrying on the duty, while jerry made allthe haste he could, and shoved off in the boat.
"a note, sir, from mr pearce, the master."
"hum," said price, running it over.
"mr prose, go up to the masthead,and stay there till i call you down."
replied prose, aghast.
"no reply, sir--up immediately."
"why, sir, it was--""another word, sir, and i'll keep you there all night," cried price,walking forward, in furtherance of the duty he was carrying on.
"well, now, i do declare!
what have i done?"
said prose, with awhimpering voice as he reluctantly ascended the main-rigging, notunperceived by jerry, who was watching the result as he pulled on boardof the privateer.
"come on board for these gentlemen's clothes, sir," said jerry,reporting himself to mr pearce, who, not a little surprised to see him,inquired--"did mr price receive my note?"
"yes, sir, he did."
"why, i requested him to masthead you!"
"many thanks, sir, for your kindness," replied the youngster, touchinghis hat.
pearce, who was annoyed that his request should not have been compliedwith, stated his feelings on the subject to price, when he returned tothe ship in the evening.
price declared that he had sent prose to the masthead, and had notcalled him down until eight o'clock.
the affair was thus explained, andjerry was pardoned for the ingenuity of his _ruse de guerre_, while allthe comfort that was received by the unfortunate prose, was beinginformed, on the ensuing morning, that it was all a mistake.
the prize being now ready, captain m--- desired courtenay to take chargeof it, and select two of the midshipmen to accompany him.
his choicefell upon seymour and jerry: the latter being selected rather for hisown amusement, than for his qualities as an officer.
the distance tojamaica, to which island he was directed to proceed, and from thencewith his crew to obtain a passage to barbadoes, was not great, andcaptain m--- did not like to have the frigate short manned; he wastherefore not allowed to take more than ten seamen with him, fiveprisoners being sent on board, to assist in navigating the vessel.
mrcapon and mr contract, at their own request, went as passengers.
in the afternoon, as soon as the provisions were on board, courtenayreceived his written orders, and in a few hours the frigate was out ofsight.
they had barely time to stow away everything in its place, andmake the necessary arrangements, when a heavy north east swell, andlowering horizon, predicted a continuance of the fair wind, and plentyof it.
so it proved; the wind increased rapidly, and the men found itdifficult to reduce the canvas in sufficient time.
before dark, thewind blew with considerable force, not steadily, but in fitful gusts:and the sun, as he descended in the wave, warned them, by his red andfiery aspect, to prepare for an increase of the gale.
the schooner flewbefore it, under her diminished sail, rolling gunwale-to in the deeptrough, or lurching heavily as her weather quarter was borne up aloft bythe culminating swell.
all was secured for the night; the watch wasset, and seymour walked the deck, while courtenay and the rest wentbelow, and at an early hour retired to their beds.
among other reasons for selecting our hero as one of his assistants,courtenay was influenced by his perfect knowledge of the frenchlanguage, which might prove useful in communicating with the frenchprisoners, who were sent on board to assist in working the vessel.
jerry had also boasted of his talent in that way, as he wished to go inthe prize; and, although the reader, from the specimen which he has had,may not exactly give credit to his assertions, yet courtenay, who hadnever heard him, believed that he was pretty well acquainted with thelanguage.
but, soon after they had parted with the frigate, when courtenay desiredthe french prisoners to lay hold of the ropes and assist in shorteningsail, they all refused.
seymour was not on deck at the time; he hadbeen desired to superintend the arrangements below: and although he hadbeen informed of their conduct, he had not yet spoken to the prisoners.
two of them were sitting aft under the lee of the weather-bulwark, asseymour was walking the deck to and fro.
they were in earnestconversation, when seymour stopped near to them, carelessly leaning overthe weather-quarter, watching the long following seas, when he overheardone say to the other--"_taisez, peut-etre qu'il nous entend_."
"_nous verrons_," replied the other--who immediately rose, and addressedseymour in french relative to the weather.
what he had previously heardinduced our hero to shake his head, and continue to look over theweather-quarter, and as seymour only answered in the english negative toa further interrogation, the prisoners did not think it worth while toremove out of his hearing, but, satisfied with his not being able tocomprehend them, sat down again, and resumed their conversation.
thelurching of the vessel was a sufficient reason for not walking the deck;but seymour, to remove all suspicion, took another turn or two, and thenagain held on by the ropes close by the frenchmen.
the wind blew toofresh to permit him to catch more than an occasional sentence or two oftheir conversation; but what he heard made him more anxious to collectmore.
"_ils ne sont que seize, avec ce petit misere_," observed one, "_et noussommes_--" here the rest of the sentence was lost.
seymour reckoned upthe english on board, and found that, with billy pitt, whom macallan hadallowed courtenay to take with him as his steward, they exactly amountedto that number.
the latter epithet he considered, justly enough, to bebestowed upon his friend jerry.
a few minutes afterwards, heintercepted--"they'll throw us overboard, if we do not succeed--we'll throw themoverboard, if we do."
"_courage, mon ami, il n'y aura pas de difficulte; nous sommes tropforts_," replied the other, as, terminating their conversation, theyrose and walked forward.
it was evident to our hero that something was in agitation; but at thesame time it appeared perfectly incomprehensible, that six prisonersshould have even formed the idea of attempting the recapture of a vesselmanned with sixteen englishmen, and that they should consider themselves_so strong_ as to insure success.
determined to report what he hadheard to courtenay, seymour walked the remainder of his watch, wasrelieved, and went below to his hammock.
the wind had increased during the night; but as it was fair, and the skyclear, and the sun shone bright, the breeze was rather a matter ofcongratulation when they met at breakfast in the morning, although peterand paul complained of the violent motion of the vessel having takenaway their appetite.
seymour reported to courtenay the fragments of theconversation which he had overheard; and, insane as appeared to be theidea of recapture, the latter agreed with him that it demanded cautionon their parts: but as it would appear very opposite to the englishcharacter to take open measures against six prisoners, when they were sonumerous, he contented himself with desiring all the arms and ammunitionto be stowed in the cabin, and gave orders that the prisoners, as theyrefused to work, should not be allowed to come on deck after dusk,--andthen gave the affair no further thought.
seymour was aware that,although it was his duty to report the circumstance, he had no right topress the matter upon courtenay, who was to be supposed the best judge;still he was not satisfied.
he had an unaccountable foreboding that allwas not right.
he turned the subject in his mind until dinner wasannounced by billy pitt, which put an end to his reverie.
the violent jerking motion of the vessel made it no easy task to retaina position at table, which was securely lashed.
as for placing on itthe whole of the dinner at once, decanters, etcetera, that would havebeen certain destruction; a plate and spoon for their soup was all whichbilly pitt, who was major-domo, would trust them with.
paul, who wasnot the best sailor in the world, had secured to himself the seat towindward, and it consequently fell to his lot to help the pea-soup,which was placed at the weather-side of the table.
to save time andbreakage,--two important things in a sea-mess,--they all held their ownplates, which they thrust in towards the tureen from the differentquarters of the table to receive their supply.
paul having helped thosenearest to him, rose from his chair that he might see to fill the plateson the other side of the tureen.
he was leaning over, his centre ofgravity being considerably beyond the perpendicular, when a heavy seastruck the vessel, and threw her nearly on her beam-ends, pitching paulright over the table to leeward.
with the tureen, which he did notforget to take with him, he flew into jerry's arms, and they rolledtogether on the floor.
the contents of the tureen were rapidlydeposited in the open bosom of jerry, who disengaged himself from theembraces of his enemy as fast as he could, amidst the laughter of hiscompanions.
"well, you asked for soup," observed courtenay.
"yes, and my friend has helped me very liberally," replied jerry, whowas not at all out of humour, except when he was foiled with his ownweapons.
in the meantime, paul, who was a little stunned with the blowhe had received on his head, had continued on the floor rolling in thepea-soup, and was just attempting to get on his legs.
"you've got it all to yourself there, mr paul.
as you seem to like it,perhaps you would prefer a spoon," said jerry, offering him one at thesame time.
"i say, paul, what a capital harlequin you would make," observed peter.
paul, who had recovered his legs, and now clung on by the table, lookedan answer horribly asquint, as if he did not admire the joke; but heresumed his seat at the table.
the remainder of the dinner was brought down without further accidentoccurring; and by the time it was over, as the bottle had to be passedround, and everybody was obliged to drink off immediately, and put hiswine-glass inside his waistcoat to save it from perdition, they all werevery merry and happy before the repast had been concluded.
"there,"said jerry, stroking himself down when he had finished his cheese, as ifhe were a falstaff; "a kitten might play with me now."
"more than one dare do with me," rejoined peter, "for i'm cursedlyinclined to _shoot the cat_."
but as the second evening closed in, the sky was loaded with heavyclouds--the scud flew wildly past them--the sea increased to mountainshigh--and the gale roared through the rigging of the schooner, which wasnow impelled before it under bare poles.
they were really in danger.
the hatches were battened down fore and aft--the ports were knocked outto allow the escape of the water, which poured over in such volumes aswould otherwise have swamped the vessel--and courtenay and his crewremained on deck until dawn of day, when the violence of the gale seemedto have abated.
courtenay desired seymour and jerry to turn in, and relieve him at eighto'clock.
our hero and jerry went down into the cabin, where they foundthe two passengers, who, although they had not come on deck during thenight, had not retired to bed.
peter was sitting up to windward on thelocker, looking very pale and very sea-sick.
paul was on thecabin-floor, with one hand holding on by the leg of the table, and abottle of brandy in the other.
his prayer-book he had abandoned duringa fright, and it was washing about in the lee-scuppers.
jerry wasdelighted, but put on a rueful face.
"well," observed paul, who was nearly frightened out of his wits, "howis it now?"
"worse and worse," replied jerry; "there's nine inches water in thewell."
"oh, my god!"
cried paul, who was not very _au fait_ at nauticaltechnicalities,--raising one eye up to heaven, while the other appearedto rest upon the bottle of brandy.
"but why don't you turn in?"
said jerry: "we can go to the bottom justas comfortably in bed as anywhere else."
"i agree with you," replied peter, who had often been at sea, and knewvery well that all was right, by the two midshipmen coming off deck.
"my mother prophesied that i never should die in my bed; but i'mdetermined that i will."
"you had better turn in, mr paul," said seymour, kindly; "i'll ring forthe steward."
billy pitt made his appearance.
"by gad, gentlemen, the damned schoonerunder water."
cried paul, with dismay.
the bottle was applied to hismouth, as if he was determined to leave as little room as possible forthe element which he expected instantaneously to be struggling in.
with the assistance of billy, paul was placed in one of the standingbed-places at the side of the cabin.
jerry put his brandy-bottle at theside of his pillow--kindly informing him that he would have anopportunity of taking a few more swigs before he went down, for thewater was only up to her bends at present.
peter was already in the cotnext to him, and seymour and jerry turned in, without taking off theirclothes, in courtenay's bed on the other side of the cabin.
before theyhad fallen asleep, they heard paul cry out, "peter!
"well, what do you want?"
"do you think there are any hopes?"
peter, who wished to frighten his companion, replied gravely--"i amafraid not; but, paul, i've just been reflecting upon the subject.
herewe are, two men considerably on the wrong side of forty.
we haveenjoyed our youth, which is the happiest period of our life.
we are nowfast descending the hill to old age, decrepitude and disease--whatavails a few more years, allowing that we are spared this time?
don'tyou perceive the _comfort_ of my observations?"
paul groaned, and made no answer; but even the creaking of the timberscould not disguise the repeated cleck-cleck-cleck, as the brandy fromthe bottle gurgled down his throat.
two striplings, lads more like to run  than to commit such slaughter.
the gales of wind in the tropical climates are violent while they last,but are seldom of long duration.
such was the case in the presentinstance: for it subsided in a few hours after daylight; and theschooner, that had been propelled before it, was now sheltered under thelee of the island of st. domingo, and, with all her canvas spread, wasgliding through a tranquil sea.
again they were collected round thedinner-table, to a more quiet repast than they had hitherto enjoyedsince they had come on board.
paul had not quite recovered his spirits,although, when he went on deck, just before the dinner was announced, hewas delighted at the sudden change which had taken place; but the mirthof his companions at his expense was not received in very good part.
after dinner, finding himself in a better humour, he turned to peter,and addressed him--"i say, peter, i made no answer to your remarks, lastnight, when we expected to go down; but i have since had timedeliberately to weigh your arguments, and i should like you to explainto me where the _comfort_ was that you so strenuously pointed out, forhang me if i can discover it."
seymour again had charge of the first watch; and, notwithstanding thatthe orders for the prisoners to remain below after dark had beencommunicated to them, he observed that, on one pretence or other, theyoccasionally came on deck, and repeatedly put their heads above thehatchway.
this conduct reminded him of the conversation which he hadoverheard, and again it was the subject of his thoughts.
captainm--- had one day observed to him, that if there was no duty going on, hecould not employ himself in a more useful manner, when he was walkingthe deck, than by placing himself or the ship, in difficult situations,and reflecting upon the most eligible means of relief.
"depend uponit," observed captain m---, "the time will come when you will find it ofuse to you; and it will create for you a presence of mind, in a suddendilemma, which may be the salvation of yourself and the ship you arein."
seymour, remembering this injunction, reflected upon what would be themost advisable steps to take, in case of the french prisoners attemptingto recapture during his watch on deck.
that there were but six, it wasvery true; but, at the same time, during the night watches there werebut five english seamen, and the officer of the watch, on deck.
shouldthe frenchmen have the boldness to attempt to regain possession of thevessel, there was no doubt that, if the watch could be surprised, thehatches would be secured over those below.
what should be the steps, insuch a case, that he ought to take?
such were the cogitations of seymour, when midnight was reported, andjerry was summoned to relieve the deck--which he did not do, relyingupon our hero's good-nature, until past one bell.
up he came with hisready apology--"i really beg your pardon, my dear fellow, but i had nota wink of sleep last night."
"never mind, jerry, i am not at all sleepy.
i had been thinking aboutthese french prisoners--i cannot get their conversation out of my head."
"why, i did not like it myself, when i heard of it," replied jerry.
"ihope they won't attempt it in my watch; it would not give them muchtrouble to launch me over the quarter--i should skim away, `flyinglight,' like a lady's bonnet."
"what would you do, jerry, if you perceived them rushing aft to retakethe vessel?"
inquired seymour, who was aware of his ready invention.
"skim up the rigging like a lamplighter, to be sure.
not that it wouldbe of much use, if they gained the day--except say a few prayers beforei went astern."
"well, that was my idea; but i thought that if one had a musket andammunition up there, a diversion might created in favour of thosebelow--for the prisoners have no firearms."
"very true," replied jerry; "we might puzzle them not a little."
"now, jerry, suppose we were to take that precaution, for i do not liketheir manoeuvres during my watch.
it will do harm, if it does no good.
suppose you fetch two muskets and cartouch-boxes from the cabin--i'lltake one and secure it in the fore-cross-trees, and you do the same atthe main: for courtenay is too proud to keep an armed watch."
jerry agreed to the proposal, and brought up the muskets and ammunition.
seymour gave him a stout _fox_ to lash the musket; and taking anotherhimself, they both ascended the rigging at the same time, and were busysecuring the muskets up and down at the head of the lower masts, whenthey heard a sudden rush upon deck beneath them.
it was dark, though not so dark but they could distinguish what wasgoing on, and they perceived that their thoughts had but anticipated thereality.
"the french are up!"
roared the man at the wheel, to rousethose below, as well as the watch, who were lying about the decks; but,to the astonishment of the youngsters aloft, as well as of the men ondeck, not six, but about twenty frenchmen, armed with cutlasses, madetheir appearance.
the hatches were over and secured in a minute; andthe unarmed english on deck were then attacked by the superior force.
it was with agonised feelings that seymour and jerry heard the scufflewhich took place; it was short; and plunge after plunge into the water,alongside, announced the death of each separate victim.
the man at thewheel struggled long--he was of an athletic frame--but, overpowered bynumbers, he was launched over the taffrail.
the french, supposing thatthe remainder of the crew were below, placed sentries over the hatches,that they might not be forced, and then collected together abaft,altering the course of the vessel for st. domingo.
it will be necessary to explain the sudden appearance of so manyfrenchmen.
when the captain of the privateer was occupied during thenight previous to the attack, with his several plans of defence, he alsoarranged one for the recapture of the vessel, in case of their beingoverpowered.
with this in view, he had constructed a platform in thehold, on which a tier of casks was stowed, and under which there wassufficient space for fifteen or twenty men to lie concealed.
when theprivateer's men had been driven below, and the hatches secured overthem, fifteen, armed with cutlasses, concealed themselves in this place,with the the hopes of recapturing the vessel from the prize-master,after she should have parted company with the frigate.
the prisoners,who had been sent on board to assist in navigating the schooner tojamaica, had communicated with them, unperceived after dark.
as all theenglish were fatigued, from having been on deck during the previousnight, the middle watch was proposed for the attempt, which had thus farbeen attended with success.
seymour and jerry remained quiet at the mastheads; for although they didnot attempt to communicate with each other, for fear of discovery, theyboth rightly judged that it would be best to remain till daylight; bywhich time, some plans would have been formed by the party below, whichtheir situation would enable them materially to assist.
nearly fourhours elapsed previous to the dawning of the day, during which intervaljerry had ample time to say some of those prayers which he spoke of; andwhich it was to be supposed that they both did not fail to offer up intheir perilous situation.
as soon as the day began to break, jerry, who had not yet loaded hismusket, lest he might be heard, thought it time to prepare for action.
he primed, and put in his cartridge, in the ramming down of which aslight ringing of the ramrod against the muzzle attracted the notice ofone of the frenchmen, who, looking up, after a short time,exclaimed:--"_diable!
c'est monsieur misere qui est la_!"
jerry levelled with a steady aim, and the bullet passed through thebroad chest of the frenchman, who rolled upon the deck.
"now, they may chant your _miserere_," cried the youngster.
a second shot from the fore-cross-trees laid another frenchman alongsideof his companion.
nous serons abimes par ces enfans la; il fautmonter_."
the muskets were again loaded, and again each boy brought down his bird,before the frenchmen could decide upon their operations.
it was a caseof necessity that the youngsters should be attacked; but it was aservice of no little danger, and of certain destruction to one, who mustfall a sacrifice, that the other might be able to secure the youngsterbefore he had time to reload his musket.
two of the most daring flew tothe main-rigging, one ascending to windward, and the other to lee-ward.
seymour, who perceived their intentions, reserved his fire until he sawthe one in the weather rigging fall by jerry's musket; he then levelledat the one to leeward, who dropped into the lee-chains, and from thenceinto the sea.
thus had six frenchmen already fallen by the coolness anddetermination of two boys, one but fourteen, and the other not sixteenyears old.
a short consultation ended in the frenchmen resorting to the onlymeasures likely to be attended with success.
leaving three to guard thehatchways, the remaining twelve, divided into four parties, began tomount both fore and main-rigging, to windward and to leeward, at thesame time.
the fate of jerry and seymour now appeared to be decided.
they might each kill one man more, and then would have been hurled intothe sea.
but during the consultation, seymour, who anticipated thismovement, and had a knife in his pocket, divided the lanyards of the leetopmast rigging, and running up the weather side with his musket andammunition, as soon as he had gained the topmast cross-trees, hauled upthe lee rigging after him; thus gaining a position that would admit butone person mounting up to him at a time.
he called to jerry, pointingout what he had done, that he might do the same; but unfortunately jerryhad not a knife, and could not.
he contented himself with climbing upto the topmast cross-trees, to which he was followed by two of thefrenchmen.
jerry levelled his musket, and passed his bullet through theskull of one of his pursuers, whose heavy fall on the deck shook theschooner fore and aft: and then, aware that nothing more could be done,pitched his musket overboard, that they might not gain possession of it,and climbing, with a nimbleness suited to the occasion, up to themasthead, descended by the top-gallant stay, to the fore-topmastcross-trees, and joined seymour, in the presence of the exasperatedfrenchmen, who now, unable to reach either of them, were at a nonplus.
"i say, monsieur, no catchee, no habbee," cried jerry, laughing, andputting his hand to his side from loss of breath.
but we must now acquaint the reader with what is going on below.
thesurprise of courtenay when he found the hatches down, and the deck inpossession of the french, was removed when the men who had been securedwith him stated that, as they lay in their hammocks, they had beenawakened by a large body of men running up the hatchway.
he nowperceived that there must have been men concealed in the hold of thevessel.
the struggle on deck, the splashing in the water, all had beenplainly heard below; they were aware of the fate of their shipmates, anddid not expect to see daylight again until they were handed up asprisoners in a french port.
the feelings of courtenay were not enviable.
he upbraided himself forhaving, by his want of prudence, lost the vessel, and sacrificed thelives of the two midshipmen and five seamen who had the watch on deck.
the party below consisted of courtenay, peter and paul, billy pitt, andfive seamen; and a consultation was held as to their proceedings.
toregain the vessel and avenge the death of their shipmates, or to perishin the attempt, was the determination of the lieutenant.
he was awarethat the french had no firearms; and, amply supplied as they were, hewould have cared little for their numbers if once on deck; but how toget on deck was the problem.
to set fire to the vessel, and rush up inthe flames,--to scuttle her,--or to blow her up, and all go downtogether, were each proposed and agitated.
peter's plan was considered as the most feasible.
he suggested, thatone half of the cabin table, which was divided in two, should be placedupon the other, so as to raise it up to the coamings of theskylight-hatch; on the upper table to place a pound or two of powder,which, from the ascending principle of explosion, would blow off theskylight and grating without injuring the vessel below.
then, withtheir muskets loaded and bayonets fixed, to jump on the table, and fromthence, if possible, gain the deck.
this was agreed to, and thepreparations were well forward, when the report of jerry's musket washeard--another succeeded, and they were perplexed.
had the frenchmenfirearms?--and if so, what could they be firing at?
the falling of thebodies on deck, and the indistinct curses of the frenchmen, puzzled themeven more.
"what can it be?"
"i recollect now," said paul, "as i lay awake i saw young _devil-skin_pass my bed with a musket--i wondered what it was for."
"then, probably, he has gained the rigging with it, and is safe," criedcourtenay, intuitively.
where's the powder?
take thatcandle further off."
the train was laid as the muskets continued to be discharged; theyremoved from the cabin;--it was fired, and the skylight was blown up,killing the frenchman who guarded the hatchway, at the very moment thatthe frenchmen were in the rigging, puzzled with the manoeuvres ofseymour and the escape of jerry.
courtenay and his party rushed into the cabin, mounted the table, andwere on deck before the smoke had cleared away: and the frenchmen, whohad not had time to descend the rigging, were at their mercy.
mercythey were not entitled to.
they had shown none to the unarmed english,whom they had wantonly thrown into the sea when they had overpoweredthem, and were now thirsting for the blood of the two boys.
no mercywas shown to them.
as they dropped one by one from the rigging woundedor dead, they were tossed into the wave, as an expiatory sacrifice tothe manes of the murdered englishmen.
in a few minutes the carnage wasover.
seymour and jerry descended from their little _fortalice_ aloft,and were warmly greeted by their friends as they reached the deck.
"really, mr paul," said jerry, shaking his proffered hand, "this isquite an unexpected pleasure."
"well, i never thought that i could possibly like you," answered theother.
"well," observed jerry, "it has quite stopped my growth."
"but not your tongue, i hope," replied peter; "that would be a pity.
now explain to us how it all happened."
jerry entered into the detail with his accustomed humour, whilecourtenay walked aft with seymour, to have a more sober narrative of thetransactions which we have described, and which afforded ample matterfor conversation until the prize was brought to an anchor in port royalharbour, where courtenay and his crew were ordered a passage tobarbadoes, in a frigate that had orders to proceed there in a few days;and mr peter capon and mr paul contract went on shore, declaring thatuntil a mail coach ran between there and england, they would never leavethe island, and again subject themselves to the charming vicissitudes ofa seafaring existence.
for the execution of all form, observance, ceremony, subordination,  and the like, even though, while he compels obedience, he may get  himself privately laughed at, commend me to our governor, don  fabricio.
humours of madrid.
in a few days, courtenay, with the prize crew of the _aspasia_, sailedfor barbadoes in the frigate which had been ordered to receive them fora passage.
the frigate was commanded by one of the most singularcharacters in the service.
he was a clever man, a thorough sailor, andwell acquainted with the details and technicalities of the profession--aspirited and enterprising officer, but of the most arbitrarydisposition.
so well was he acquainted with the regulations of theservice, that he could hedge himself in so as to insure a compliancewith the most preposterous orders, or draw the officer who resisted intoa premunire which would risk his commission.
in a profession where one man is embarked with many, isolated from thepower whence he derives his own where his fiat must be received withouta murmur by hundreds who can reason as well as himself it is absolutelyrequisite that he should be invested with an authority amounting todespotism.
true it is that he is held responsible to his superiors forany undue exercise of this authority: but amongst so many to whom it isconfided, there must be some who, from disposition, or the bad exampleof those under whom they have served, will not adhere to the limitswhich have been prescribed.
this, however, is no reason for reducingthat authority, which, as you govern wholly by opinion, is necessary forthe discipline which upholds the service; but it is a strong reason fornot delegating it to those who are not fit to be intrusted.
captain bradshaw had many redeeming qualities.
oppressor as he was, headmired a spirit of resistance in an officer when it was shown in a justcause, and, upon reflection, was invariably his friend, for he felt thathis own natural temperament was increased by abject obedience.
raynal,i think it is, has said that "the pride of men in office arises as muchfrom the servility of their inferiors or expectants as from any othercause."
in our service they are all inferiors, and all expectants.
canit then be surprising that a captain occasionally becomes tyrannical?
but captain bradshaw was not naturally tyrannical: he had become so,because, promoted at an early age, he had never been afterwards opposed;no one contradicted him; every one applauded his jokes, and magnifiedhis mirth into wit.
he would try by a court-martial an officer who hadcommitted a slight error, and on the same day would open his purse andextend his patronage to another whom he knew not, but had been informedthat he was deserving, and had no friends.
to his seamen he was aslavish with his money as he was with the cat.
he would give a man a newjacket one day, and cut it to pieces on his back with a rope's end onthe next.
yet it was not exactly inconsistency--it was an eccentricityof character--not natural, but created by the service.
the graft was ofa worse quality than the parent stock, and the fruit was a compound ofthe two.
the sailors, who are of the most forgiving temper in theworld, and will pardon a hundred faults for one redeeming quality,declared that "he warn't a bad captain after all."
his violent and tyrannical disposition made him constantly at variancewith his officers, and continual changes took place in his ship; but itwas observed, that those who had left him from a spirited resistancewere kindly received, and benefited by his patronage, while those whosubmitted were neglected.
like a pretty but clever woman, who is awarethat flattery is to be despised, and yet, from habit, cannot existwithout it so captain bradshaw exacted the servility which he had beenaccustomed to, yet rewarded not those by whom it was administered.
allthe midshipmen promoted on the station had to pass through the ordeal ofsailing with captain bradshaw, who generally had a vacancy; and itcertainly had a good effect upon those young men who were inclined topresume upon their newly acquired rank: for they were well schooledbefore they quitted his ship.
when courtenay and his party went on board of the frigate, thefirst-lieutenant, master, and surgeon, indignant at language which hadbeen used to them by the captain, refused to dine in the cabin, whenthey were invited by the steward, who reported to captain bradshaw thatthe officers would not accept his invitation.
"won't they, by god?
i'll see to that.
send my clerk here."
the clerk made his appearance, with an abject bow.
"mr powell, sit down, and write as i dictate," said captain bradshaw,who, walking up and down the fore-cabin, composed a memorandum, inwhich, after a long preamble, the first-lieutenant, master, and surgeon,were directed to dine with him every day, until further orders.
captainbradshaw, having signed it, sent for the first-lieutenant, and deliveredit himself into his hands.
cried the first-lieutenant, entering the gun-room,with the paper in his hand, "here's something for all three of us,--apositive order to dine with the skipper every day, until he gets tiredof our company."
"i'll be hanged if i do," replied the surgeon.
"i'll put myself in thesick-list."
"and if i am obliged to go, i'll not touch anything," rejoined themaster.
"there's an old proverb, `you may lead a horse to the pond, butyou can't make him drink.'"
"whatever we do," replied roberts, the first-lieutenant, "we must act inconcert; but i have been long enough in the service to know that we mustobey first, and remonstrate afterwards.
that this is an unusual order,i grant, nor do i know by what regulations of the service it can beenforced; but at the same time i consider that we run a great risk inrefusing to obey it.
only observe, in the preamble, how artfully heinserts `appearance of a conspiracy, tending to bring him intocontempt;' and again, `for the better discipline of his majesty'sservice, which must invariably suffer when there is an appearance ofwant of cordiality between those to whom the men must look for example.'
upon my soul, he's devilish clever.
i do believe he'd find out areason for drawing out all our double teeth, if he was inclined, andprove it was all for the benefit of his majesty's service.
well, now,what's to be done?"
"why, what's your opinion, roberts?"
"oh, mine is to go; and if you will act with me, he won't allow us todine with him a second time."
"well, then, i agree," replied the surgeon.
"and so must i, then, i presume; but, by heavens, downright tyranny andoppression."
"never mind; listen to me.
let's all go, and all behave as ill as wecan--be as unmannerly as bears--abuse everything--be as familiar aspossible, and laugh in his face.
he cannot touch us for it, if we donot go too far--and he'll not trouble us to come a second time."
their plans were arranged; and at three o'clock they were ushered intothe cabin, with one of the midshipmen of the ship, and jerry, who, as astranger, had been honoured with an invitation.
captain bradshaw, whoseproperty was equal to his liberality, piqued himself upon keeping a goodtable; his cook was an _artiste_, and his wines were of the very bestquality.
after all, there was no great hardship in dining with him--but, "upon compulsion!"--no.
the officers bowed.
the captain,satisfied with their obedience, intended, although he had brought themthere by force, to do the honours of his table with the greatesturbanity.
"roberts," said he, "do me the favour to take the foot of the table.--doctor, here's a chair for you.--mr bradly, come round on this side.
now, then, steward, off covers, and let us see what you have for us.
why, youngster, does your captain starve you?"
"no, sir," replied jerry, who knew what was going on; "but he don't giveme a dinner every day."
muttered the captain, who thought mr jerry very free upon soshort an acquaintance.
the soup was handed round; the first spoonful that roberts took in hismouth, he threw out on the snow-white deck, crying out, as soon as hismouth was empty, "o lord!"
"why, what's the matter?"
inquired the captain.
"so cursed hot, i've burnt my tongue."
"oh, that's all?--steward, wipe up that mess," said the captain, who wasrather nice in his eating.
"do you know jemmy cavan, sir, at barbadoes?"
inquired the doctor.
"no, sir, i know no jemmies," replied captain bradshaw, surprised at hisfamiliar address.
"he's a devilish good fellow, sir, i can tell you.
when he gets you onshore, he'll make you dine with him every day, whether or not.
he'lltake no denial."
"now, that's what i call a damned good fellow: you don't often meet achap like him," observed the master.
captain bradshaw felt that he was indirectly called a _chap_, which didnot please him.
"mr bradly, will you take some mutton?"
"if you please," said the master.
"roberts, i'll trouble you to carve the saddle of mutton."
the first-lieutenant cut out a slice, and taking it on the fork, lookedat it suspiciously, and then held his nose over it.
"why, what's the matter?"
"rather high, sir, i'm afraid."
"oh, i smell it here," said jerry, who entered into the joke.
steward, remove that dish; fortunately, it is not all ourdinner.
what will you take, mr bradly?"
"why, really, i seldom touch anything but the joint.
i hate yourkickshaws, there's so much pawing about them.
i'll wait, if you please;in the meantime, i'll drink a glass of wine with you, captain bradshaw."
"the devil you will!"
was nearly out of the captain's mouth, at thisreversal of the order of things; but he swallowed it down, and answered,in a surly tone, "with great pleasure, sir."
"come, doctor, let you and i hob and nob," said the first-lieutenant.
they did so, and clicked their glasses together with such force as tobreak them both, and spill the wine upon the fine damask table-cloth.
jerry could contain himself no longer, but burst out into a roar oflaughter, to the astonishment of captain bradshaw, who never had seen amidshipman thus conduct himself at his table before: but jerry could notrestrain his inclination for joining with the party, although he had noexcuse for _his_ behaviour.
"bring some wine-glasses, steward; and you'll excuse me, gentlemen, buti will thank you not to try the strength of them again," said captainbradshaw, with a very majestic air.
"now, mr ferguson, i shall be happy to take a glass of wine with you.
what will you have?
there's sherry and moselle."
"i prefer champagne, if you please," answered the surgeon, who knew thatcaptain bradshaw did not produce it except when strangers were at thetable.
captain bradshaw restrained his indignation, and ordered champagne to bebrought.
"i'll join you," cried the first-lieutenant, shoving in his glass.
"come, younker, let you and i have a glass cosy together," said jerry tothe midshipman, who, frightened at what was going on, moved his chair alittle further from jerry, and then looked first at him and then at thecaptain.
"oh, pray take a glass with the young gentleman," said captain bradshaw,with mock politeness.
"come, steward, none of your half allowance, if you please," continuedthe impertinent jerry.
"now, then, my cock, here's _towards_ you, and`better luck still.'"
captain bradshaw was astonished.
"i say, youngster, did captainm--- ever flog you?"
"no, sir," replied jerry, demurely, perceiving that he had gone too far;"he always treats his officers like gentlemen."
"then, i presume, sir, when they are on board of his ship, that theyconduct themselves as gentlemen."
this hint made jerry dumb for some time; the officers, however,continued as before.
the surgeon dropped his plate, full of damascenetart, on the deck.
the first-lieutenant spilt his snuff on thetable-cloth, and laid his snuff-box on the table, which he knew to bethe captain's aversion; and the master requested a glass of grog, as therotgut french wines had given him a pain in the bowels.
captainbradshaw could hardly retain his seat upon the chair, upon which hefidgeted right and left.
he perceived that his officers were behavingin a very unusual manner, and that it was with a view to his annoyance:yet it was impossible for him to take notice of breaking glasses, andfinding fault with the cookery, which they took care to do, sendingtheir plates away before they had eaten a mouthful, with apparentdisgust; neither could he demand a court-martial for awkwardness or wantof good manners at his own table.
he began to think that he had betterhave left out the "_every day until further orders_," in the memorandum,as rescinding it immediately would have been an acknowledgment of theirhaving gained the victory; and as to their going on in this way, to putup with it was impossible.
the dinner was over, and the dessert placed on the table.
captainbradshaw passed the bottles round, helping himself to madeira.
robertstook claret, and as soon as he had tasted it, "i beg your pardon,captain bradshaw," said he, "but this wine is corked."
"indeed--take it away, steward, and bring another bottle."
another was put on the table.
"i hope you will find that better, mr roberts," said the captain, whoreally thought that what he stated had been the case.
"yes," replied the first-lieutenant; "for the description of wine, it'swell enough."
"what do you mean, sir?
why, its chateau margaux of the first growth."
"excuse me, sir," replied the officer, with an incredulous smile; "theymust have imposed upon you."
captain bradshaw, who was an excellent judge of wine, called for aglass, and pouring out the claret, tasted it.
"i must differ from you,sir; and, moreover, i have no better."
"then i'll trouble you to pass the port, doctor, for i really cannotdrink that stuff."
"do you drink port, mr bradly?"
said the captain, with a countenance asblack as a thunder-cloud.
"no, not to-day; i am not well in my inside: but i'll punish the portto-morrow."
"so will i," said the surgeon.
"and as i am not among the privileged," added jerry, who had alreadyforgotten the hint, "i'll take my whack to-day."
"perhaps you may," observed the captain, drily.
the officers now began to be very noisy, arguing among themselves uponpoints of service, and taking no notice whatever of the captain.
themaster, in explanation, drew a chart, with wine, upon the polishedtable, while the first-lieutenant defended his opinion with pieces ofbiscuit, laid at different positions--during which two more glasses weredemolished.
the captain rang, and ordered coffee in an angry tone.
when theofficers had taken it, he bowed stiffly, and wished them good evening.
there was one dish which was an object of abhorrence to captainbradshaw.
the first-lieutenant, aware of it, as they rose to depart,said, "captain bradshaw, if it's not too great a liberty, we should liketo have some _tripe_ to-morrow.
we are all three very partial to it."
"so am i," rejoined jerry.
captain bradshaw could hold out no longer.
"leave the cabinimmediately, gentlemen.
by heavens, you shall never put your legs undermy table again."
"are we not to dine here to-morrow, sir?"
replied the first-lieutenantwith affected surprise; "the order says, `every day.'"
"till further orders," roared the captain; "and now you have them, fori'll be damned if ever you dine with me again."
the officers took their departure, restraining their mirth until theygained the gun-room: and jerry was about to follow, when captainbradshaw caught him by the arm.
"stop, my young gentleman, you've not had your `whack,' yet."
"i've had quite sufficient, sir, i thank you," replied jerry; "anexcellent dinner--many thanks to your hospitality."
"yes, but i must now give you your dessert."
"i've had my dessert and coffee too, sir," said jerry, trying to escape.
"but you have not had your _chasse-cafe_, and i cannot permit you toleave the cabin without it.
steward, desire a boatswain's mate to bringhis cat, and a quarter-master to come here with seizings."
jerry was now in a stew--the inflexible countenance of captain bradshawshowed that he was in earnest.
however, he held his tongue until theoperators appeared, hoping that the captain would think better of it.
"seize this young gentleman up to the breach of the gun,quarter-master!"
"will you oblige me, sir, by letting me know my offence!"
"i do not belong to your ship," continued jerry.
"if i have done wrong,captain m--- is well known to be a strict officer, and will pay everyattention to your complaint."
"i will save him the trouble, sir."
jerry was now seized up, and every arrangement made preparatory topunishment.
"well, sir," resumed jerry, "it must be as you please; buti know what captain m--- will say."
"that you were angry with your officers, whom you could not punish, andrevenged yourself upon a poor boy."
"would he?--boatswain's mate, where's your cat?"
"here, sir;--how many tails am i to use?"
"oh, give him the whole nine."
"why, your honour," replied the man, in a compassionate tone, "there'shardly room for them there."
jerry, who, when his indignation was roused, cared little what he said,and defied consequences, now addressed the captain.
"captain bradshaw, before you commence, will you allow me to tell youwhat i will call you after the first lash?"
cried jerry, with scorn,--"why, if you cut me to pieces, andturn me out of the service afterwards, i will call you a paltry coward,and your own conscience, when you are able to reflect, will tell you thesame."
captain bradshaw started back with astonishment at such unheard-oflanguage from a midshipman; but he was pleased with the undaunted spiritof the boy--perhaps he felt the truth of the observation.
at allevents, it saved jerry.
after a short pause, the captain said--"cast him loose; but observe, sir, never let me see your face againwhile you are in the ship!"
"no, nor any other part of me, if i can help it," replied jerry,buttoning up his clothes, and making a precipitate escape by thecabin-door.
the air no more was vital now,  but did a mortal poison grow.
the lungs, which used to fan the heart,  served only now to fire each part;  what should refresh, increased the smart.
and now their very breath,  the chiefest sign of life, became the cause of death!
sprat, bishop of rochester.
the _aspasia_ did not drop her anchor in carlisle bay until three weeksafter the arrival of the frigate which brought up courtenay and theprize crew; but she had not been idle, having three valuable prizes,which she had captured in company.
courtenay immediately repaired onboard of his ship, to report to captain m--- the circumstances which hadoccurred connected with the loss of his five men.
he was too honourableto attempt to disguise or palliate the facts: on the contrary, he laidall the blame upon himself; and enhanced the merits of the twomidshipmen.
captain m---, who admired his ingenuous confession,contented himself with observing that he trusted it would be a cautionto him during his future career in the service.
to seymour and jerry hesaid nothing, as he was afraid that the latter would presume uponcommendation; but he treasured up their conduct in his memory, anddetermined to lose no opportunity that might offer to reward them.
courtenay descended to the gun-room, where he was warmly greeted by hismessmates, who crowded round him to listen to his detail of the attemptto recapture.
"well," observed price, "it appears we have had a narrow chance oflosing a messmate."
"narrow chance lose two, sar," replied billy pitts; "you forgit, sar, ion board schooner!"
"oh, billy, are you there?
how does the dictionary come on?"
"come on well, sar; i make a _corundum_ on massa doctor, when on boardschooner."
"made a what?--a corundum!
what can that be?"
"it ought to be something devilish hard," observed courtenay.
"yes, sar, debblish hard find out.
now, sar,--why massa macallan like ageneral?"
"i'm sure i can't tell.
we give it up, billy."
"then, sar, i tell you.
because he _'feelossifer_."
"bravo, billy!--why, you'll write a book soon.
by the bye, macallan, imust not forget to thank you for the loan of that gentleman: he has madehimself very useful, and behaved very well."
"really, massa courtenay, i tought i not give you satisfaction."
"why so, billy?"
"because, sar, you never give me present--not one dollar."
"he has you there," said price; "you must fork out."
"not a rap--the nigger had perquisites.
i saw the english merchantsgive him a handful of dollars, before they left the vessel."
they real gentlemen, massa capon and massa --- dam um name--iforgot."
"and what am i, then, you black thief?"
you, sar, you very fine officer," replied billy, quitting thegun-room.
courtenay did not exactly like the answer--but there was nothing to layhold of.
as usual, when displeased, he referred to his snuff-box,muttering something, in which the word "annoying" could only bedistinguished.
the breeze from the windsail blew some of the snuff out of the box intothe eyes of macallan.
"i wish to heaven you would be more careful, courtenay," cried thesurgeon, in an angry tone, and stamping with the pain.
"i really beg your pardon," replied courtenay, "snuffing's a vilehabit,--i wish i could leave it off."
"so do your messmates," replied the surgeon: "i cannot imagine whatpleasure there can be in a practice in itself so nasty, independent ofthe destruction of the olfactory powers."
"it's exactly for that reason that i take snuff; i am convinced that iam a gainer by the loss of the power of smell."
"i consider it ungrateful, if not wicked, to say so," replied thesurgeon, gravely.
"the senses were given to us as a source ofenjoyment."
"true, doctor," answered courtenay, mimicking the language of macallan;"and if i were a savage in the woods, there could not be a sense morevaluable, or affording so much gratification, as the one in question.
ishould rise with the sun, and inhale the fragrance of the shrubs andflowers, offered up in grateful incense to their creator, and i shouldstretch myself under the branches of the forest tree, as evening closed,and enjoy the faint perfume with which they wooed the descendingmoisture after exhaustion from the solar heat.
but in civilisedsociety, where men and things are packed too closely together, the caseis widely different: for one pleasant, you encounter twenty offensivesmells; and of all the localities for villainous compounds, a ship isindubitably the worst.
i therefore patronise `'baccy,' which, ipresume, was intended for our use, or it would not have been created."
"but not for our abuse."
there's the rock that we all split upon--and i, with others, mustplead guilty.
the greatest difficulty in this world is, to know whenand where to stop.
even a philosopher like yourself cannot do it.
youallow your hypothesis to whirl in your brain, until it forms a vortexwhich swallows up everything that comes within its influence.
a modernphilosopher, with his hypothesis, is like a man possessed with a devilin times of yore; and it is not to be cast out by any human means, thati know of."
"as you please," replied macallan, laughing; "i only deprecated a badhabit."
"an hypothesis is only a habit,--a habit of looking through a glass ofone peculiar colour, which imparts its hue to all around it.
we are butcreatures of habit.
luxury is nothing more than contracting freshhabits, and having the means of administering to them--_ergo_, doctor,the more habits you have to gratify, the more luxuries you possess.
youluxuriate in the contemplation of nature--price in quoting, or trying toquote, shakespeare--billy pitts in his dictionary--i in my snuff-box;and surely we may all continue to enjoy our harmless propensities,without interfering with each other: although i must say, that thosestill-born quotations of our messmate price are most tryingly annoying."
"and so is a pinch of snuff in the eye, i can assure you," repliedmacallan.
"granted; but we must `give and take,' doctor."
"in the present case, i don't care how much you take, provided you don'tgive," rejoined macallan, recovering his good humour.
a messenger from captain m---, who desired to speak with macallan, putan end to the conversation.
"mr macallan," said captain m---, when the surgeon came into the cabinto receive his commands, "i am sorry to find, from letters which i havereceived, that the yellow fever is raging in the other islands in a mostalarming manner, and that it has been communicated to the squadron onthe station.
i am sorry to add, that i have received a letter from thegovernor here, informing me that it has made its appearance at thebarracks.
i am afraid that we have little chance of escaping so generala visitation.
as it is impossible to put to sea, even if my orders werenot decisive to the contrary, are there not some precautions which oughtto be taken?"
it will be prudent to fumigate the lower deck; it hasalready been so well ventilated and whitewashed, that nothing else canbe done; we must hope for the best."
"i do so," replied captain m---; "but my hope is mingled with anxiousapprehensions, which i cannot control.
we must do all we can, and leavethe rest to providence."
the fears of captain m--- were but too well grounded.
for some days, nosymptoms of infection appeared on board of the _aspasia_; but theravages on shore, among the troops, were to such an extent, that thehospitals were filled, and those who were carried in might truly be saidto have left hope behind.
rapid as was the mortality, it was still notrapid enough for the admittance of those who were attacked with thefatal disease; and as the bodies of fifteen or twenty were, eachsucceeding evening, borne unto the grave, the continual decrease of themilitary _cortege_ which attended the last obsequies, told the sad tale,that those who, but a day or two before, had followed the corpses ofothers, were now carried on their own biers.
other vessels on the station, which had put to sea from the differentisles, with the disappointed expectation of avoiding the contagion, nowcame to an anchor in the bay, their crews so weakened by disease anddeath that they could with difficulty send up sufficient men to furltheir sails.
boat after boat was sent on shore to the naval hospital,loaded with sufferers, until it became so crowded that no more could bereceived.
still the _aspasia_, from the precautions which had beentaken, in fumigating, and avoiding all unnecessary contact with theshipping and the shore, had for nearly a fortnight escaped theinfection; but the miasma was at last wafted to the frigate, and in thecourse of one night fifteen men, who were in health the precedingevening, before eight o'clock on the following morning were lying intheir hammocks under the half-deck.
before the close of that day, thenumber of patients had increased to upwards of forty.
the hospitalswere so crowded that captain m--- agreed with macallan that it would bebetter that the men should remain on board.
the frigate was anchored with springs on her cable, so as always to beable to warp her stern to the breeze; the cabin bulk-heads on themain-deck, and the thwart-ship bulk-heads below, were removed, and thestern windows and ports thrown open, to admit a freer circulation of airthan could have been obtained by riding with her head to the sullenbreeze, which hardly deigned to fan the scorching cheeks of the numerousand exhausted patients.
the numbers on the list daily increased, untilevery part of the ship was occupied with their hammocks, and the surgeonand his assistants had scarcely time to relieve one by excessivebleeding, and consign him to his hammock, before another, staggering andfainting under the rapid disease, presented himself, with his arm bared,ready for the lancet.
more blood was thrown into the stagnant water ofthe bay than would have sufficed to render ever verdant the laurels ofmany a well-fought action (for our laurels flourish not from the dew ofheaven, but must be watered with a sanguine stream) and, alas!
too soon,more bodies were consigned to the deep than would have been demandedfrom the frigate in the warmest proof of courage and perseverance in hercountry's cause.
it is a scene like this which appals the sailor's heart.
it is not therange of hammocks on the main-deck, tenanted by pale forms, with theirbandages steeped in gore; for such is the chance of war, and the bloodhas flowed from hearts boiling with ardour and devotion.
if not pastcure, the smiles and congratulations of their shipmates alleviate theanguish and fever of the wound: if past all medical relief; still thepassage from this transitory world is soothed by the affectionatesympathy of their messmates, by the promise to execute their lastwishes, by the knowledge that it was in their country's defence theynobly fell.
'tis not the chance of wreck, or of being consigned,unshrouded, to the dark wave, by the treacherous leak, or overwhelmingfury of the storm.
'tis not the "thought-executing fire."
every andall of these they are prepared and are resigned to meet, as ills towhich their devious track is heir.
but when disease, in its mostloathsome form and implacable nature, makes its appearance--when wecontemplate, in perspective, our own fate in the unfortunate who isselected, like the struggling sheep, dragged from the hurdled crowd, tobe pierced by the knife of the butcher--when the horror of infectionbecomes so strong that we hold aloof from administering the kind officesof relief to our dearest friends; and, eventually prostrated ourselves,find the same regard for self pervades the rest, and that there is novoluntary attendance--then the sight of the expiring wretch, in his lasteffort, turning his head over the side of his hammock, and throwing offthe dreadful black vomit, harbinger of his doom--'tis horrible!
and the anxiety which we would in vain suppress--the reckless laugh ofsome, raised but to conceal their fear from human penetration--theintoxicating draught, poured down by others to dull the excited senses--the follies of years reviewed in one short minute--our life, how spent--how much to answer for!--a world how overvalued--a god how muchneglected!--the feeling that we ought to pray, the inclination thatpropels us to do so, checked by the mistaken yet indomitable pride whichputs the question to our manhood, "will ye pray in fear, when yeneglected it in fancied security?"
down, stubborn knees!
pride is butfolly towards men--insanity towards god!
but why dwell upon such a scene?
let it suffice to state, that seventyof the _aspasia's_ men fell victims to the baneful climate, and thatmany more, who did recover, were left in such a state of exhaustion, asto require their immediate return to their native shores.
excepto'keefe, the purser, all the officers whom i have introduced to thereader escaped.
three, from the midshipmen's berth, who had servedtheir time, and who for many months had been drinking the toast of "abloody war and sickly season," fell a sacrifice to their own thoughtlessand selfish desire; and the clerk, who anticipated promotion when heheard that the purser was attacked, died before him.
when all was over, jerry observed to prose, "well, prose, `it's an illwind that blows nobody any good.'
we have had not one single thrashingduring the sickness; but i suppose, now that their courage is returned,we must prepare for both principal and interest."
"well now, jerry, i do declare that's very likely, but i never thoughtof it before."
the large convoys of merchantmen that came out supplied the men thatwere required to man the disabled ships; and transports brought outcargoes from the depots to fill up the skeleton ranks of the differentcompanies.
among the various blessings left us in this life ofsuffering is forgetfulness of past evils; and the yellow fever was in ashort time no longer the theme of dread, or even of conversation.
"well, tom, what sort of a place is this here west hinges?"
inquired asoldier who had been just landed from a transport, of an oldacquaintance in the regiment, whom he encountered.
"capital place, bill," returned the other to his interrogation; "plentyto drink, and always a-dry."
but as i do not wish to swell my narrative, and have no doubt but thereader will be glad to leave this pestilential climate, i shall informhim, that for three years the _aspasia_ continued on the station, dailyencountering the usual risks of battle, fire, and wreck; and that at theend of that period the health of captain m--- was so much injured, bythe climate and his own exertions, that he requested permission to quitthe station.
this idol of my heart is--my own wife!
your own wife?
yes, my own wife.
'tis all over with me: i am undone.
the way to keep him.
"show us something new."
such was the cry of men at the time of theprophet, and such it will continue until all prophecies areaccomplished, all revelations confirmed.
man is constant in nought butinconsistency.
he is directed to take pattern from the industrious bee,and lay up the sweet treasures which have been prepared for his use; buthe prefers the giddy flight of the butterfly, pursuing his idle careerfrom flower to flower, until, fatigued with the rapidity of his motions,he reposes for a time, and revolves in his mind where he shall bend hisdevious way in search of "something new."
this is the fatal propensity by which our first parents fell, and which,inherited by us, is the occasion of our follies and our crimes.
"wereman but constant, he were perfect;" but that he cannot be.
he is awareof the dangers, the hardships of travel--of the difference betweenoffices performed by an interested and heartless world, and the sweetministering of duty and affection.
he feels that home, sweet home, isthe heaven of such imperfect bliss as this world can bestow; yet, wanderhe must, that he may appreciate its value: and although he hails it withrapture, soon after his return it palls upon him, and he quits it againin search of variety.
thus is man convinced of the beauty of virtue,and acknowledges the peace that is to be found in her abode yet,propelled by the restless legacy of our first parents, he wanders intothe entangled labyrinths of vice--until, satisfied that all is vexation,he retraces his steps in repentance and disgust.
thus he passes hisexistence in sinning, repenting, and sinning again, in search of"something new."
when mr rainscourt was first separated from his wife, he felt himselfreleased from a heavy burthen, which had oppressed him for years; or asif fetters, which had been long riveted, had been knocked off; and hecongratulated himself upon his regained liberty.
plunging at once intothe depths of vice and dissipation, he sought pleasure after pleasure,variety upon variety,--all that life could offer, or money purchase; andfor a time thought himself happy.
but there are drawbacks which cannotbe surmounted; and he who wholly associates with the vicious, must, morethan any other, be exposed to the effects of depravity.
he found manmore than ever treacherous and ungrateful--woman more than everdeceiving--indulgence, cloying--debauchery, enervating and hisconstitution and his spirits exhausted by excess.
satiated witheverything, disgusted with everybody, he sought for "something new."
for more than two years he had not seen, and had hardly bestowed athought upon his wife and daughter, who still continued to reside at themansion at ---.
not knowing what to do with himself, it occurred to himthat the country air might recruit his health; and he felt a degree ofinterest, if not for his wife, at least for his daughter.
hedetermined, therefore, to pay them a visit.
the horses were ordered;and, to the astonishment of mrs rainscourt, to whom he had given nointimation of his whim, and who looked upon a visit from her husband, inher retirement, as a visionary idea, rainscourt made his appearance,just as she was about to sit down to dinner, in company with themcelvinas, and the vicar, who had become one of her most intimateassociates.
if rainscourt was pleased with the improvement of emily, who was nowmore than fourteen years old, how much more was he astonished at theappearance of his wife, who, to his eyes, seemed even handsomer, ifpossible, than on the day when he had led her to the altar.
for morethan two years, content, if not perfect happiness, had been mrsrainscourt's lot.
she had recovered her health, her bloom, and herspirits, and not having had any source of irritation, her serenity oftemper had been regained; and mrs rainscourt, to whose extreme beauty,from assuetude, he had before been blind, now appeared to him, after solong an absence, quite a different person from the one whom he hadquitted with such indifference; and as he surveyed her, he seemed tofeel that freshness of delight unknown to vitiated minds, except whensuccessful in their search after "something new."
but rainscourt was not altogether wrong in his idea that his wife wasquite a different personage from the one which he had quitted.
thevicar, who was acquainted with her situation had not failed in hisconstant exertions for the improvement of mankind; he had, by frequentconversation, and inculcation of our christian duties, graduallysoftened her into a charitable and forgiving temper: and, now that shehad no opportunity of exercising them, she had been made acquainted withthe passive forbearance and humility constituting a part of the dutiesof a wife.
she met her husband with kindness and respect while hisdaughter, who flew into his arms, proved that she had not beenprepossessed against him, as he anticipated.
pleased with hisreception, and with the company that he happened to meet, rainscourtexperienced sensations which had long been dormant; and it occurred tohim, that an establishment, with such an elegant woman as mrsrainscourt at the head, and his daughter's beauty to grace it, would notonly be more gratifying, but more reputable, than the course of lifewhich he had lately pursued.
he made himself excessively agreeable--waspleased with the benevolent demeanour of the vicar--thought susan alovely young woman, and mcelvina a delightful companion; and, when heretired to the chamber prepared for his reception, wondered that he hadnever thought of paying them a visit before.
it had been the intention of rainscourt to have trespassed upon hiswife's hospitality for one night only, and then have taken his departurefor some fashionable watering place; but there seemed to be such anappearance of renewed friendship between him and mrs rainscourt, thatan invitation was given by the vicar, for the whole party, on theensuing day, to meet at the vicarage; and this was followed up byanother from mcelvina, for the day afterwards, at his cottage.
thisdecided mr rainscourt to remain there a day or two longer.
but whenthe time of his departure arrived, rainscourt was so pleased with hisnew acquaintance, so delighted with his daughter, and, to hisastonishment, so charmed by his wife, that he could not tear himselfaway.
women are proverbially sharp-sighted in all where the heart isconcerned, and mrs rainscourt soon perceived that the admiration of herhusband was not feigned.
gratified to find that she had not yet losther attractions, and, either from a pardonable feeling of revenge at hisdesertion, or to prove to him that he was not aware of what he hadrejected, she exerted all her powers to please; she was not onlyamiable, but fascinating; and after a sojourn of three weeks, whichappeared but as many days, rainscourt was reluctantly compelled toacknowledge to himself, that he was violently enamoured of his discardedwife.
he now felt that he should assume a higher station in society bybeing at the head of his own establishment, and that his consequencewould be increased, by the heiress of so large a property residing underhis protection; and he thought that, if he could persuade mrsrainscourt to live with him again, he could be happy, and exercise withpleasure the duties of a father and a husband.
neither the vicar normcelvina were ignorant of his feelings; and the former, who recollectedthat those whom god has joined no man should put asunder, had made uphis mind to bring the affair, if possible, to a happy issue; andrainscourt, who perceived the influence which the vicar possessed overhis wife, determined to request that he would act as a mediator.
the vicar was delighted when rainscourt called upon him one morning, andunfolded his wishes.
to reconcile those who had been at variance, torestore a husband to his wife, a father to a daughter, was the earnestdesire of the good man's heart.
he accepted the office with pleasure;and in the course of the afternoon, while rainscourt called upon themcelvinas, that he might be out of the way, proceeded upon his missionof peace and good-will.
mrs rainscourt, who was not surprised at the intelligence, listened tothe vicar attentively, as he pointed out the necessity of forgiveness,if she hoped to be forgiven--of the conviction, in his own mind, thather husband was reformed--of the unpleasant remarks to which a woman whois separated from her husband must always be subjected--of theprobability that the faults were not all on his side, and of theadvantage her daughter would derive from their reunion: to which heentreated her to consent.
mrs rainscourt was moved to tears.
the conflict between her formerlove and her outraged feelings--the remembrance of his long neglect,opposed to his present assiduities the stormy life she had passed in hiscompany, and her repose of mind since their separation--weighed andbalanced against each other so exactly, that the scale would turn onneither side.
she refused to give any decided answer, but requested aday or two for reflection; and the vicar, who recollected the adage,that, in an affair of the heart, "the woman who deliberates is lost,"left her with a happy presage that his endeavours would be crowned withsuccess.
but mrs rainscourt would not permit her own heart to decide.
it was a case in which she did not consider that a woman was likely tobe a correct judge; and she had so long been on intimate terms withmcelvina, that she resolved to lay the case before him, and be guided byhis opinion.
the next day, mrs rainscourt went to the cottage alone, and havingrequested susan to exclude all visitors, entered into a full detail ofall the circumstances which had occurred previous to her separation fromher husband, and the decision that she was now called upon to make, fromhis importunity.
susan, who felt that she was unable to advise, in a case of suchimportance to mrs rainscourt's future happiness, immediately referredthe matter to mcelvina.
his answer was decided.
"i should be sorry, mrs rainscourt, to give anopinion in opposition to that of the worthy vicar, did i not conceivethat his slight knowledge of the world would, in this instance, tend tomislead both himself and you.
before mr rainscourt had remained here aweek, i prophesied, as susan will corroborate, that this proposal wouldbe made.
aware of his general character, and of the grounds of yourseparation, i took some pains to ingratiate myself, that i mightascertain his real sentiments; and, with regret i express my conviction,that his prepossession in your favour, strong as it really is atpresent, will but prove transitory, and that possession would onlysubject you to future insults.
he is _not_ reformed; but, satiated withother enjoyments, and fascinated with your attractions, his feelingstowards you are those of renewed inclination, and not arising fromconviction, or remorse at his unprincipled career.
you are happy atpresent--your refusal may, by stimulating his attentions, increase yourhappiness: but if you yield, it will only be a source of misery to youboth.
such is my opinion.
do not let him know that i have influencedyou, or it will interrupt an intimacy, which i shall follow up, i trust,to your advantage; therefore, give no answer at present, nor while heremains here: for i perceive that he is a violent man when thwarted inhis wishes.
demand a fortnight's consideration after he is gone, andthen you will be able to decide from reflection, without being biassedagainst your own judgment, by his workings upon feelings which, to thehonour of women, when the heart is concerned, spurn at the coldreasonings of prudence and worldly wisdom."
the advice of the man of the world prevailed over that of the man ofgod; and rainscourt, after waiting in town, with impatience, for theanswer, received a decided but kind refusal.
he tore the letter intofragments, with indignation, and set off for cheltenham, more violentlyin love with his wife than he was before her rejection of him.
how vainly would the wise  inquire, define, distinguish, teach, devise,  didst thou not stand to point their dull philosophies.
rochester's ode to nothing.
should you feel half as tired with reading as i am with writing, iforgive you, with all my heart, if you throw down the book, and read nomore.
i have written too fast--i have quite _sprained_ my imagination--for you must know that this is all _fiction_, every word of it.
yet ido not doubt but there are many who will find out who the characters aremeant for, notwithstanding my assertion to the contrary.
well, be itso.
it's a very awkward position to have to write a chapter of sixteenpages, without materials for more than two; at least, i find it so.
some people have the power of spinning out a trifle of matter, coveringa large surface with a grain of ore--like the goldbeater, who, out of asingle guinea, will compose a score of books.
i wish i could.
is there nothing to give me an idea?
i've racked my sensoriuminternally to no purpose.
let me look round the cabin for some externalobject to act as a fillip to an exhausted imagination.
a little thingwill do.--well, here's an _ant_.
that's quite enough.
"home-keeping youths have ever homely wits," they say; but much astravel by land may enlarge the mind, it never can be expanded to theutmost of its capabilities, until it has also peregrinated by water.
ibelieve that not only the human intellect, but the instinct of brutes,is enlarged by going to sea.
the ant which attracted my attention is one of a nest in my cabin, whoselabours i often superintend: and i defy any ant, in any part of the fourcontinents, or wherever land may be, to show an equal knowledge ofmechanical power.
i do not mean to assert that there is originally adisproportion of intellect between one animal and another of the samespecies; but i consider that the instinct of animals is capable ofexpansion, as well as the reason of man.
the ants on shore would, if itwere required, be equally assisted by their instinct, i believe; but notbeing required, it is not brought into play; and, therefore, as i beforeobserved, they have not the resources of which my little colony atpresent are in possession.
now i will kill a cockroach for them; there is no difficulty in findingone, unfortunately for me, for they know everything that i have.
therenever was a class of animals so indifferent to their fare, whether it bepaper, or snuff, or soap, or cloth.
like time, they devour everything.
the scoundrels have nearly demolished two dozen antibilious pills.
ihope they will remember dr vance as long as they live.
well, here's one--a fine one.
i throw his crushed carcase on the deck,and observe the ants have made their nest in the beams over my head,from which i infer, that the said beams are not quite so sound as theyshould be.
an ant has passed by the carcase, and is off on a gallop togive notice.
he meets two or three--stops a second--and passes on.
nowthe tide flows; it's not above a minute since i threw the cockroachdown, and now it is surrounded by hundreds.
what a bustle!--whatrunning to and fro!
they must be giving orders.
see, there are fiftyat least, who lay hold of each separate leg of the monster, who in bulkis equal to eight thousand of them.
the body moves along with rapidity,and they have gained the side of the cabin.
now for the ascent.
seehow those who hold the lower legs have quitted them, and pass over toassist the others at the upper.
as there is not room for all to layhold of the creature's legs, those who cannot, fix their forceps roundthe bodies of the others, _double-banking_ them, as we call it.
awaythey go, up the side of the ship--a pull, and all together.
but now thework becomes more perilous, for they have to convey the body to theirnest over my head, which is three feet from the side of the ship.
howcan they possibly carry that immense weight, walking with their headsdownwards, and clinging with their feet to the beams?
observe howcarefully they turn the corner--what bustle and confusion in makingtheir arrangements!
now they start.
they have brought the bodyhead-and-stern with the ship, so that all the legs are exactly opposedto each other in the direction in which they wish to proceed.
one ofthe legs on the fore side is advanced to its full stretch, while all theothers remain stationary.
that leg stops, and the ants attached to ithold on with the rest, while another of the foremost legs is advanced.
thus they continue, until all the foremost are out, and the body of theanimal is suspended by its legs at its full stretch.
now one of thehindmost legs closes in to the body, while all the others hold on--nowanother, and another, each in their turn; and by this skilful manoeuvrethey have contrived to advance the body nearly an inch along theceiling.
one of the foremost legs advances again, and they proceed asbefore.
could your shore-going ants have managed this?
i have oftenwatched them, when a boy, because my grandmother used to make me do so;in later days, because i delighted in their industry and perseverance;but, alas!
in neither case did i profit by their example.
"now, freddy," the old lady would say, giving her spectacles apreparatory wipe, as she basked in a summer evening's sun, after a fiveo'clock tea, "fetch a piece of bread and butter, and we will see theants work.
lord bless the boy, if he hasn't thrown down a whole slice.
why do you waste good victuals in that way?
who do you think's to eatit, after it has been on the gravel?
there, pinch a bit off and throwit down.
put the rest back upon the plate--it will do for the cat."
but these ants were no more to be compared to mine, than a commonlabourer is to the engineer who directs the mechanical powers whichraise mountains from their foundation.
my old grandmother would neverlet me escape until the bread and butter was in the hole, and, what wasworse, i had then to listen to the moral inference which was drawn, andwhich took up more time than the ants did to draw the bread and butter--all about industry, and what not; a long story, partly her own, partlyborrowed from solomon; but it was labour in vain.
i could notunderstand why, because ants like bread and butter, i must like my book.
she was an excellent old woman; but nevertheless, many a time did ihave a fellow-feeling with the boy in the caricature print, who issitting with his old grandmother and the cat, and says, "i wish one ofus three were dead.
it an't i--and it an't you, pussy."
well, she died at last, full of years and honour; and i was summonedfrom school to attend her funeral.
my uncle was much affected, for shehad been an excellent mother.
she might have been so; but i, gracelessboy, could not perceive her merits as a _grandmother_, and showed agreat deal of fortitude upon the occasion.
i recollect a circumstanceattendant upon her funeral which, connected as it was with a subsequentone, has since been the occasion of serious reflection upon the triflingcauses which will affect the human mind, when prostrate underaffliction.
my grandmother's remains were consigned to an old familyvault, not far from the river.
when the last ceremonies had been paid,and the coffin was being lowered into the deep receptacle of generationswhich had passed away, i looked down, and it was full of water, nearlyup to the arch of the vault.
observing my surprise, and perceiving thecause, my uncle was much annoyed at the circumstance; but it was toolate the cords had been removed, and my grandmother had sunk to thebottom.
my uncle interrogated the sexton after the funeral service wasover.
"why, sir, it's because it's high-water now in the river; she will beall dry before the evening."
this made the matter worse.
if she was all a-dry in the evening, shewould be all afloat again in the morning.
it was no longer a place ofrest, and my uncle's grief was much increased by the idea.
for a longwhile afterwards he appeared uncommonly thoughtful at spring tides.
but although his grief yielded to time, the impression was not to beeffaced.
many years afterwards a fair cousin was summoned from theworld, before she had time to enter upon the duties imposed upon thesex, or be convinced, from painful experience, that to die is gain.
itwas then i perceived that my uncle had contracted a sort of_post-mortem_ hydrophobia.
he fixed upon a church, on the top of ahill, and ordered a vault to be dug, at a great expense, out of thesolid chalk, under the chancel of the church.
there it would not onlybe dry below, but even defended from the rain above.
it was finished--and (the last moisture to which she was ever to be subjected) the tearsof affection were shed over her remains, by those who lost and lovedher.
when the ceremony was over, my uncle appeared to look down intothe vault with a degree of satisfaction.
"there," said he, "she willlie as dry as possible, till the end of time."
and i really believethat this conviction on his part went further to console him than eventhe aid of religion, or the ministering of affection.
he oftencommented upon it, and as often as he did so, i thought of my oldgrandmother and the spring tides.
i had an odd dream the other night, about my own burial and subsequentstate which was so diametrically opposite to my uncle's ideas ofcomfort, that i will relate it here.
i was dead; but, either from politeness or affection, i knew not which,the spirit still lingered with the body, and had not yet taken itsflight, although the tie between them had been dissolved.
i had beenkilled in action; and the first-lieutenant of the ship, with mingledfeelings of sorrow and delight--sorrow at my death, which was a tributethat i did not expect from him, and delight at his assumed promotion,for the combat had been brought to a successful issue--read the funeralservice which consigned me and some twenty others, sewed up in hammocks,to the deep, into which we descended with one simultaneous rush.
i thought that we soon parted company from each other, and, all alone, icontinued to sink, sink, sink, until, at last, i could sink no deeper.
i was suspended, as it were: i had taken my exact position in the scaleof gravity, and i lay floating upon the condensed and buoyant fluid,many hundred fathoms below the surface.
i thought to myself, "here,then, am i to lie in pickle, until i am awakened."
it was quite dark,but by the spirit i saw as plain as if it were noon-day; and i perceivedobjects in the water, which gradually increased in size.
they weresharks, in search of prey.
they attacked me furiously; and as theyendeavoured to drag me out of my canvas cerements, i whirled round andround as their flat noses struck against my sides.
at last theysucceeded.
in a moment, i was dismembered without the least pain, forpain had been left behind me in the world from which i had beenreleased.
one separated a leg, with his sharp teeth, and darted awaynorth; another an arm, and steered south; each took his portion, andappeared to steer away in a different direction, as if he did not wishto be interrupted in his digestion.
"help yourselves, gentlemen, help yourselves," mentally exclaimed i;"but if mr young is correct in his `night thoughts,' where am i tofumble for my bones, when they are to be forthcoming?"
nothing was leftbut my head, and that, from superior gravity, continued to sink,gyrating in its descent, so as to make me feel quite giddy: but it hadnot gone far, before one, who had not received his portion, darted downupon it perpendicularly, and as the last fragment of me rolled down hisenormous gullet, the spirit fled, and all was darkness and oblivion.
but i have digressed sadly from the concatenation of ideas.
the antmade me think of my grandmother,--my grandmother of my uncle,--my uncleof my cousin,--and her death of my dream, for "we are such stuff asdreams are made of, and our little lives are rounded with a sleep."
buti had not finished all i had to say relative to the inferior animals.
when on board of a man-of-war, not only is their instinct expanded, butthey almost change their nature from their immediate contact with humanbeings, and become tame in an incredibly short space of time.
man haddominion given unto him over the beasts of the field; the fiercest ofthe feline race will not attack, but avoid him, unless goaded on by themost imperious demands of hunger; and it is a well-known fact, thatthere is a power in the eye of man, to which all other animals quail.
what, then, must it be to an animal who is brought on board, and is inimmediate collision with hundreds, whose fearless eyes meet his in everydirection in which he turns, and whose behaviour towards him correspondswith their undaunted looks?
the animal is subdued at once.
i remembera leopard which was permitted to run loose after he had been three dayson board, although it was thought necessary to bring him in an ironcage.
he had not been in the ship more than a fortnight, when iobserved the captain of the after-guard rubbing the nose of the animalagainst the deck, for some offence which he had committed.
"why, you have pretty well brought that gentleman to his bearings,"observed i: "he's as tame as a puppy."
why, sir, he knows better than to be otherwise.
i wish the_hemp'rer of maroccy_ would send us on board a _cock rhinoceros_--we'dtame him in a week."
and i believe the man was correct in his assertion.
the most remarkable change of habit that i ever witnessed was in awether sheep, on board of a frigate, during the war.
he was one of astock which the captain had taken on board for a long cruise, and beingthe only survivor, during the time that the ship was refitting he hadbeen allowed to run about the decks, and had become such a favouritewith the ship's company, that the idea of his being killed, even whenshort of fresh provisions, never even entered into the head of thecaptain.
jack, for such was his cognomen, lived entirely with the men,being fed with biscuit from the different messes.
he knew the meaningof the different pipes of the boatswain's mates, and always went belowwhen they piped to breakfast, dinner, or supper.
but amongst otherpeculiarities, he would chew tobacco, and drink grog.
is it to bewondered, therefore, that he was a favourite with the sailors?
that heat first did this from obedience is possible; but, eventually, he was asfond of grog as any of the men; and when the pipe gave notice of servingit out, he would run aft to the tub, and wait his turn--for an extrahalf-pint of water was, by general consent, thrown into the tub when thegrog was mixed, that jack might have his regular allowance.
from habit,the animal knew exactly when his turn came.
there were eighteen messesin the ship; and as they were called, by the purser's steward, orsergeant of marines, in rotation--first mess, second mess, etcetera.--after the last mess was called, jack presented himself at the tub, andreceived his allowance.
now, it sometimes occurred that a mess, when called, would miss itsturn, by the man deputed to receive the liquor not being present: uponwhich occasion the other messes were served in rotation, and the one whohad not appeared to the call was obliged to wait till after all therest; but a circumstance of this kind always created a great deal ofmirth; for the sheep, who knew that it was his turn after theeighteenth, or last mess, would butt away any one who attempted tointerfere; and if the party persevered in being served before jack, hewould become quite outrageous, flying at the offender, and butting himforward into the galley, and sometimes down the hatchway, before hisanger could be appeased--from which it would appear that the animal waspassionately fond of spirits.
this i consider as great a change in thenature of a ruminating animal as can well be imagined.
i could mention many instances of this kind, but i shall reserve themtill i have grown older; then i will be as garrulous as montaigne.
asit is, i think i hear the reader say--"all this may be very true, butwhat has it to do with the novel?"
nothing, i grant; but it has a greatdeal to do with _making a book_--for i have completed a whole chapterout of nothing.
and with a flowing sail  went a bounding for the island of the free,  towards which the impatient wind blew half a gale;  high dash'd the spray, the bows dipp'd in the sea.
after a run of six weeks, the _aspasia_ entered the channel.
theweather, which had been clear during the passage home, now altered itsappearance; and a dark sky, thick fog, and mizzling, cold rain,intimated their approach to the english shore.
but, relaxed as they hadbeen by three years' endurance of a tropical sun, it was nevertheless asource of congratulation, rather than complaint; for it was "regularnovember channel weather," and was associated with their propinquity tothose homes and firesides, which would be enhanced in value from theordeal to be passed before they could be enjoyed.
exclaimed an old quarter-master, who had served the earlier partof his life in a coaster, as he buttoned his pea-jacket up to thethroat; "this is what i calls something like; none of your damned blueskies here."
such is the power of affection, whether of person or of things, thateven faults become a source of endearment.
as the short day closed, the _aspasia_, who was running before the windand slanting rain, which seemed to assist her speed with its gravity,hove to, and tried for soundings.
"well, stewart, what's the news?"
said one of the midshipmen, as heentered the berth; the drops of rain, which hung upon the rough exteriorof his great coat, glittering like small diamonds, from the reflectionof the solitary candle, which made darkness but just visible.
"news," replied stewart, taking off his hat with a jerk, so as tobesprinkle the face of prose with the water that had accumulated on thetop of it, and laughing at his sudden start from the unexpected shower;"why, as the fellows roar out with the second edition of an eveningpaper, `great news, glorious news!'
--and all comprised in a shortsentence:--soundings in seventy four fathoms; grey sand and shells."
answered the old master's mate.
"now for three cheers--and then for the song."
the three cheers having been given with due emphasis, if not discretion,they all stood up round the table.
"now, my boys, keep time.
mrprose, if you attempt to chime in with your confounded nasal twang, i'llgive you a squeeze."
for england, when, with favouring gale,  our gallant ship up channel steer'd,  and, scudding under easy sail,  the high blue western land appear'd,  to heave the lead the seaman sprung,  and to the watchful pilot sung,  by the deep _nine_.
the song, roared out in grand chorus by the midshipmen, was caught up,after the first verse, by the marines in their berth, close to them; andfrom them passed along the lower deck as it continued, so that the laststanzas were sung by nearly two hundred voices, sending forth a volumeof sound, that penetrated into every recess of the vessel, and enteredinto the responsive bosoms of all on board, not excepting the captainhimself, who smiled, as he bent over the break of the gangway, at whathe would have considered a breach of subordination in the ship'scompany, had not he felt that it arose from that warm attachment totheir country which had created our naval pre-eminence.
the song ended with tumultuous cheering fore and aft, and not until thendid the captain send down to request that the noise might bediscontinued.
as soon as it was over, the grog was loudly called for inthe midshipmen's berth, and made its appearance.
"here's to the white cliffs of england," cried one, drinking off histumbler, and turning it upside down on the table.
"here's to the land of beauty."
"here's to the emerald isle."
"and here's to the land of cakes," cried stewart, drinking off histumbler, and throwing it over his shoulder.
"six for one for skylarking," cried prose.
"a hundred for one, you damned cockney, for all i care."
"no--no--no," cried all the berth; "not _one_ for _one_."
"you shall have a song for it, my boys," cried stewart, who immediatelycommenced, with great taste and execution, the beautiful air--  should auld acquaintance be forgot,  and days o' lang syne?
"well, i've not had my toast yet," said jerry, when the applause at theend of the song had discontinued:--"here's to the shady side ofpall-mall."
"and i suppose," said stewart, giving prose a slap on the back, whichtook his breath away, "that you are thinking of wapping, blow you."
"i think i have had enough of whopping since i've been in this ship,"answered prose.
"why, prose, you're quite brilliant, i do declare," observed jerry.
"like a flint, you only require a blow from stewart's iron fist to emitsparks.
try him again, stewart.
he's like one of the dancingdervishes, in the arabian nights: you must thrash him to get a fewfarthings of wit out of him."
"i do wish that you would keep your advice to yourself, jerry."
"my dear prose, it's all for the honour of middlesex that i wish you toshine.
i'm convinced that there's a great deal of wit in that head ofyours; but it's confined, like the kernel in a nut: there's no obtainingit without breaking the shell.
try him again, stewart."
"come, prose, i'll take your part, and try his own receipt upon himself.
i'll thrash him till he says something witty."
"i do like that, amazingly," replied jerry.
"why, if i do say a goodthing, you'll never find out.
i shall be thrashed to all eternity.
besides, i'm at too great a distance from you."
"what do you mean?"
"why, i'm like some cows; i don't give down my milk without the calf isalongside of me.
now, if you were on this side of the table--""which i am," replied stewart, as he sprang over it, and seizing jerryby the neck--"now, mr jerry, say a good thing directly."
"well, promise me to understand it.
we are just in the reversesituation of england and scotland, after the battle of culloden."
"what do you mean by that, you wretch?"
cried stewart, whose wrath waskindled by the reference.
"why, i'm in your clutches, just like scotland was--a conqueredcountry."
"you lie, you little blackguard," cried stewart, pinching jerry's necktill he forced his mouth open: "scotland was never conquered."
"well, then," continued jerry, whose bile was up, as soon as stewartrelaxed his hold; "i'm like king charles in the hands of the scotch.
how much was it that you sold him for?"
jerry's shrivelled carcase sounded like a drum, from the blow which hereceived for this second insult to stewart's idolised native land.
assoon as he could recover his speech, "well, haven't i been very witty?
are you content, or will you have some more?
or will you try prose, andsee whether you can draw blood out of a turnip?"
stewart, who seemed disinclined to have any more elegant extracts fromjerry, resumed his former seat by prose, who appeared to be in deepreflection.
"well, prose, are you thinking of your friends in cheap-side?"
"and suppose i am, stewart?
we have the same feelings in the city thatyou have in the heather; and although i do not, like you, pretend to beallied to former kings, yet one may love one's father and mother,brothers and sisters, without being able to trace back to one'sgreat-great-grand-father.
i never disputed your high pretensions; why,then, interfere with my humble claims to the common feelings ofhumanity?"
"i am rebuked, prose," replied stewart; "you shall have my glass of grogfor that speech, for you never made a better.
give me your hand, mygood fellow."
"i am glad that you, at last, show some symptoms of reason," observedthe still indignant jerry, standing close to the door.
"i have somehopes of your majesty yet, after such an extraordinary concession onyour part.
you must have great reason to be proud that you are able totrace your pedigree up to a border chieftain, who sallied forth on theforay, when the spurs were dished up for his dinner: or, in plain words,went a cattle stealing, and robbing those who could not resist.
itmight then be considered a mark of prowess; but times are altered now;and if your celebrated ancestor lived in the present time, why,"continued jerry, pointing his finger under his left ear, "he wouldreceive what he well deserved, that's all."
"by him that made me, get out of my reach, if you do not wish me tomurder you!"
cried stewart, pale with rage.
"i took care of that," replied jerry, "before i ventured to give myopinion; and now that i'm ready for a start, i'll give you a piece ofadvice.
trace your ancestors as far back as you can, as long as theyhave continued to be honest men,--if you don't stop there you are a_fool_"--and jerry very prudently made his escape at the conclusion ofhis sentence.
"the hour of retribution will come," cried stewart after jerry, as thelatter sprang up the ladder; but it did not, for when they met nextmorning, it was to feast their eyes upon the chalky cliffs of the isleof wight, as the _aspasia_ steered for the needles.
there are twoevents on board of a man-of-war, after which injuries are forgotten,apologies are offered and received, intended duels are suppressed, handsare exchanged in friendship, and good-will drives away long-cherishedanimosity.
one is, after an action--another, upon the sight of nativeland, after a protracted absence.
jerry fearlessly ranged up alongside of stewart, as he looked over thegangway.
"we shall be at anchor by twelve o'clock."
"you may bless your stars for it," replied stewart, with a significantsmile.
the _aspasia_ now ran through the needles, and having successivelypassed by hurst castle, cowes, and the entrance to southampton water,brought up at spithead, in seven fathoms.
the sails were furled, theship was moored, the boat was manned, and captain m--- went on shore toreport himself to the port admiral, and deliver his despatches.
whenthe boat returned, it brought off letters which had been waiting thearrival of the ship.
one informed jerry of the death of his father, andof his being in possession of a fortune which enabled him to retire fromthe service.
another, from the admiralty, announced the promotion ofstewart to the rank of lieutenant; and one from mcelvina to our hero,inviting him to take up his quarters at his house, as long as theservice would permit, stating that captain m--- had been written to, torequest that he might be allowed leave of absence.
as soon as captain m--- had received an answer from the admiralty, hereturned on board, and acquainted his officers that he had obtainedleave to remain on shore for some time, for the re-establishment of hishealth, and that another captain would be appointed to the ship.
heturned the hands up, and addressed the ship's company, thanking them fortheir good behaviour while under his command, and expressing his hopes,that upon his reappointment he should find them all alive and well.
thefirst-lieutenant, to his great surprise and delight, was presented withhis rank as commander, which captain m--- had solicited from theadmiralty.
the men were dismissed, and captain m---, bidding farewellto his officers, descended the side and shoved off.
as soon as the boatwas clear of the frigate, the men, without orders, ran up, and manningthe shrouds, saluted him with three farewell cheers.
captain m--- tookoff his hat to the compliment, and, muffling up his face with hisboat-cloak to conceal his emotion, the boat pulled for the shore.
seymour, who was in the boat, followed his captain to the inn: whoinformed him, that he had obtained his discharge into a guard-ship, thathis time might go on, and leave of absence for two months, which hemight spend with his friend mcelvina.
captain m--- then dismissed himwith a friendly shake of the hand, desiring him to write frequently, andto draw upon his agent if he required any pecuniary assistance.
seymour's heart was full, and he could not answer his kind protector.
he returned on board, and bidding farewell to his messmates, the nextevening he had arrived at the cottage of mcelvina.
that his receptionwas cordial, it is hardly necessary to state.
mcelvina, whose marriagehad not been blessed with a family, felt towards our hero as if he washis own child; and susan was delighted with the handsome exterior andwinning manners of the lad, whose boyish days had often been the themeof her husband's conversation.
if the reader will take the trouble to reckon with his fingers, he willfind that william seymour is now sixteen years old.
if he will not, hemust take my word for it; and it may also be as well to inform him thatmiss rainscourt is more than fourteen.
i am the more particular inmentioning these chronological facts, because in the next chapter iintend to introduce the parties to each other.
a strong bull stands, threat'ning furious war:  he flourishes his horns, looks sourly round,  and, hoarsely bellowing, traverses his ground.
it was on the second day after the arrival of seymour, that emily, whowas not aware of the addition to the party at the cottage, proceeded onfoot through the park and field adjacent, to pay susan a visit.
she wasattended by a man-servant in livery, who carried some books, which mrsmcelvina had expressed a desire to read.
when emily had arrived at thelast field, which was rented by a farmer hard by, she was surprised toperceive that it was occupied by an unpleasant tenant, to wit, a largebull; who, on their approach, commenced pawing the ground, and showingevery symptom of hostility.
she quickened her pace, and as the animalapproached, found that she had gained much nearer to the stile beforeher than to the one which she had just passed over, and frightened asshe was, she determined to proceed.
the servant who accompanied hermanifested more fear than she did.
as the bull approached, emily, whohad heard what precautions should be taken in a similar exigence, turnedher face towards the animal, and walked backwards to the stile.
thedomestic seemed determined to preserve the exact station which his dutyand respect required, and kept himself behind his young mistress.
as,however, the bull advanced, and seemed inclined to charge upon them, hisfears would not permit him to remain in that situation, and throwingdown the books, he took to his heels, and ran for a gap in the hedge.
by this manoeuvre, emily was left to make any arrangements she pleasedwith the infuriated animal.
but the bull had no quarrel with a lady, dressed in a white muslinfrock; he had taken offence at the red plush inexpressibles, which werea part of the family livery, and immediately ran at the servant, passingemily without notice.
the terrified man threw himself in an agony offright into the gap, but was so paralysed with fear that he had nostrength to force his passage through.
with his head and shoulders onthe other side of the hedge, there he stuck on his hands and knees,offering a fair target to the bull, who flew at it with such violence,that he forced him several yards in the opposite field.
senseless andexhausted, he lay there more from fear than injury, while the roaringbull paced up and down the hedge, with his tail in the air, attemptingin vain to force a passage in pursuit of the object of his detestation.
the mind of woman is often more powerful than her frame; and the onewill bear up against circumstances in which the other will succumb.
thus it was with emily, who reached the stile, clambered over it withdifficulty, and attaining the house of mcelvina, which was but a fewyards distant, felt that her powers failed her as soon as exertion wasno longer required.
with difficulty she perceived with her swimmingeyes that there was a gentleman in the parlour; and faintly exclaiming,"o!
fell senseless into the arms of william seymour.
mr and mrs mcelvina were not at home: they had walked to the vicarage;and seymour, who was very busy finishing a sketch of the _aspasia_ forhis hostess, had declined accompanying them in their visit.
hissurprise at finding a young lady in his arms, may easily be imagined;but, great as was his surprise, his distress was greater, from theextreme novelty of the situation.
it was not that he was unaccustomedto female society: on the contrary, his captain had introduced himeverywhere in the different ports of the colonies in which they hadanchored; and perhaps there is no better society, although limited, thanis to be met with at the table of a colonial governor, but here it wasquite different.
he had been habituated to follow in the wake, as thelady governess made sail for the dining-room, the whole fleet formingtwo lines abreast in close order, and then coming to an anchor, inbeautiful precision, to attack the dinner, which surrendered atdiscretion.
he had been habituated to the ball-room, where the ladiesglided over the chalked floor, like so many beautiful yachts plying insouthampton water on a fine day: he had tired his rate of sailing downthe middle of a country dance with some fair partner; and tacked andwore as required to the mazes of poussette and right and left.
this wasall plain sailing; but the case was now quite different.
here was astrange sail, who had not even shown her number, taken aback in stays,and on her beam-ends in a squall.
seymour knew nothing about fainting.
sometimes a man had fits on boarda ship (although invariably discharged when it was known); but the onlyremedy, in a man-of-war, in such cases, was to lay the patient downbetween the guns, and let him come-to at his own leisure.
it wasimpossible to act so in this case; and seymour, as he bent over thebeautiful pale countenance of emily, felt that he never could be tiredof holding her in his arms.
however, as it was necessary that somethingshould be done, he laid her down on the sofa, and seizing the bell-rope,pulled it violently for assistance.
the wire had been previouslyslackened, and the force which seymour used brought down the ropewithout ringing the bell.
there was but one in the room: and, notchoosing to leave emily, he was again compelled to rely on his ownresources.
what was good for her?
there was none in the room,except what he had been painting with, and that was desperatelydiscoloured with the indian ink.
nevertheless, he snatched up his largebrush which he used for washing-in his skies, and commenced painting herface and temples with the discoloured water; but without producing thedesired effect of re-animation.
what next?--oh, salts and burnt feathers; he had read of them in anovel.
salts he had none--burnt feathers were to be procured.
therewere two live birds, called cardinals, belonging to mrs mcelvina, in acage near the window, and there was also a stuffed green parrot in aglass case.
seymour showed his usual presence of mind in his decision.
the tails of the live birds would in all probability grow again; that ofthe stuffed parrot never could.
he put his hand into the cage, andseizing the fluttering proprietors, pulled out both their long tails,and having secured the door of the cage, thrust the ends of the feathersinto the fire, and applied them, frizzing and spluttering, to thenostrils of emily.
but they were replaced in the fire again and again,until they would emit no more smoke, and emily still continued in astate of insensibility.
there was no help for it--the parrot, which heknew mrs mcelvina was partial to, must be sacrificed.
a blow with thepoker demolished the glass, and the animal was wrenched off its perch,and the tail inserted between the bars of the grate.
but burnt featherswere of no use; and seymour, when he had burnt down the parrot's tail tothe stump, laid it upon the table in despair.
he now began to be seriously alarmed, and the beauty of the objectheightened his pity and commiseration.
his anxiety increased to thatdegree that, losing his presence of mind, and giving way to hisfeelings, he apostrophised the inanimate form, and, hanging over it withthe tenderness of a mother over her lifeless child, as a last resource,kissed its lips again and again with almost frantic anxiety.
at thetime of his most eager application of this last remedy, mcelvina andsusan entered the room, without his being aware of their approach.
the parrot on the table, with his tail still burning like a slow match,first caught their eyes: and as they advanced further in, there wasseymour, to their astonishment, kissing a young lady to whom he hadnever been introduced, and who appeared to be quite passive to hisendearments.
cried mcelvina,--"what is all this?"
"i'm glad you've come; i cannot bring her to.
i've tried everything."
"so it appears.
why, you've smothered her--she's black in the face,"replied mcelvina, observing the marks of the indian ink upon emily'scheek.
susan, who immediately perceived the condition of emily, applied hersalts, and desired mcelvina to call the women.
in a few minutes,whether it was that the remedies were more effectual, or nature hadresumed her powers, emily opened her eyes, and was carried upstairs intomrs mcelvina's room.
we must return to the servant, who, with no other injury than a severecontusion of the os coccygis, from the frontal bone of the bull,recovered his senses and his legs at the same moment, and never ceasedexerting the latter until he arrived at --- hall, where he stated, whatindeed he really believed to be the case, that miss emily had been goredto death by the bull; asserting, at the same time, what was equallyincorrect, that he had nearly been killed himself in attempting herrescue.
the tidings were communicated to mrs rainscourt, who, franticat the intelligence, without bonnet or shawl, flew down the park towardsthe fields, followed by all the servants of the establishment, armedwith guns, pitchforks, and any other weapons that they could obtain, atthe moment of hurry and trepidation.
they arrived at the field--thebull was there, waiting for them at the stile, for he had observed themat a distance, and as he was now opposed to half a dozen pair ofinexpressibles, instead of one, his wrath was proportionally increased.
he pawed the ground, bellowed, and made divers attempts to leap thestile, which, had he effected, it is probable that more serious mischiefwould have occurred.
the whole party stood aghast, while mrsrainscourt screamed, and called for her child--her child; and attemptedto recover her liberty, from the arms of those who held her, and rushinto the field to her own destruction.
the farmer to whom the animal belonged had heard his bellowing on thefirst assault, and had come out to ascertain the cause.
he was just intime to behold the footman pushed through the hedge, and to witness theescape of emily into the house of mcelvina.
intending to remove theanimal, he returned to his dinner, when his resumed bellowing summonedhim again, and perceiving the cause, he joined the party, and,addressing mrs rainscourt, "the young lady is all safe, ma'am, in thegentleman's house yonder.
the brute's quiet enough it's all along ofthem red breeches that angers him.
a bull can't abide 'em, ma'am."
"safe, do you say?
take me to her."
"this way, ma'am, then," said the farmer, leading her round the hedge tothe cottage of mcelvina, by a more circuitous way.
susan had just called up mcelvina, and seymour was again left to himselfin the parlour, when mrs rainscourt, bursting from those who conductedher, tottered in, and sank exhausted on the sofa.
seymour, to whom thewhole affair was a mystery, and who had been ruminating upon it, andupon the sweet lips which he had pressed, in utter astonishment, criedout, "what!
not choosing, in this instance, to trust to hisown resources, he contented himself with again shoving the parrot's tailbetween the bars, and as he held it to his patient's nose, loudly calledout for mcelvina, who, summoned by his appeals, with many others enteredthe room, and relieved him of his charge, who soon recovered, and joinedher daughter in the room upstairs.
the carriage had been sent for to convey mrs rainscourt and herdaughter home.
when they came down into the parlour, previous to theirdeparture, seymour was formally introduced, and received the thanks ofmrs rainscourt for the attention which he had paid to her daughter anda general invitation to the hall.
emily, to whom susan had communicated the panacea to which seymour hadultimately resorted, blushed deeply as she smiled her adieus; and ourhero, as the carriage whirled away, felt a sensation as new to him asthat of cymon, when ignited by the rays of beauty which flashed from thesleeping iphigenia.
idiots only will be cozened twice.
seymour did not fail to profit by the invitation extended by mrsrainscourt, and soon became the inseparable companion of emily.
hisattentions to her were a source of amusement to the mcelvinas and hermother, who thought little of a flirtation between a midshipman ofsixteen and a girl that was two years his junior.
the two months' leaveof absence having expired, seymour was obliged to return to theguard-ship, on the books of which his name had been enrolled.
it waswith a heavy heart that he bade farewell to the mcelvinas.
he hadkissed away the tears of separation from the cheeks of emily, and theiryoung love, unalloyed as that between a brother and sister, created anuneasy sensation in either heart which absence could not remove.
when our hero reported himself to the commanding officer of theguard-ship, he was astonished at his expressing a total ignorance of hisbelonging to her, and sent down for the clerk, to know if his name wason the books.
the clerk, a spare, middle-sized personage, remarkably spruce and neatin his attire, and apparently about forty years of age, made hisappearance, with the open list under his arm, and, with a humble bow tothe first-lieutenant, laid it upon the cap-stern-head, and running overseveral pages, from the top to the bottom, with his finger, at lastdiscovered our hero's name.
"it's all right, young gentleman," said the first-lieutenant.
"take himdown to the berth, mr skrimmage, and introduce him.
you've broughtyour hammock, of course, and it is to be hoped that your chest has agood lock upon it; if not, i can tell you you'll not find all yourclothes tally with your division list by to-morrow morning.
but wecannot help these things here.
we are but a sort of a `thoroughfare,'and every man must take care of himself."
seymour thanked the first-lieutenant for his caution, and descended withthe clerk, who requested him to step into his private cabin, previous tobeing ushered into the gun-room, where the midshipmen's mess was held--and of which mr skrimmage filled the important post of caterer.
"mrsskrimmage, my dear," said seymour's conductor, "allow me to introduce toyou mr seymour."
the lady courtesied with great affectation, and anair of condescension, and requested our hero to take a chair--soon afterwhich mr skrimmage commenced--"it is the custom, my dear sir, in thisship, for every gentleman who joins the midshipmen's berth to put downone guinea as entrance money, after which the subscription is restrictedto the sum of five shillings per week, which is always paid in advance.
you will therefore oblige me by the trifling sum of six-and-twentyshillings, previous to my introducing you to your new messmates.
youwill excuse my requesting the money to be paid now, which, i assure you,does not arise from any doubt of your honour; but the fact is, being theonly member of the mess who can be considered as stationary, theunpleasant duty of caterer has devolved upon me, and i have lost so muchmoney by young gentlemen leaving the ship in a hurry, and forgetting tosettle their accounts, that it has now become a rule, which is neverbroken through."
as soon as mr skrimmage had finished his oration, which he delivered inthe softest and most persuasive manner, seymour laid down the sumrequired, and having waited, at the clerk's request, to see his name,and sum paid, entered in the mess-book by mrs skrimmage, he was showninto the gun-room, which he found crowded with between thirty and fortymidshipmen, whose vociferations and laughter created such a din as todrown the voice of his conductor, who cried out, "mr seymour,gentlemen, to join the mess," and then quitted the noisy abode, whichgave our hero the idea of bedlam broke loose.
on one side of the gun-room a party of fifteen or twenty were seatedcross-legged on the deck in a circle, stripped to their shirts, withtheir handkerchiefs laid up like ropes in their hands.
a great coat anda sleeve-board, which they had borrowed from the marine tailor, who wasworking on the main-deck, lay in the centre, and they pretended to be atwork with their needles on the coat.
it was the game of goose, thewhole amusement of which consisted in giving and receiving blows.
everyperson in the circle had a name to which he was obliged to answerimmediately when it was called, in default of which he was severelypunished by all the rest.
the names were distinguished by colours, asblack cap, red cap; and the elegant conversation, commenced by themaster tailor, ran as follows; observing that it was carried on with thegreatest rapidity of utterance.
"that's a false stitch--whose was it?"
"no, sir, not mine, sir."
"who then, sir?"
"you lie, sir."
"who, then, sir?"
"blue cap, blue cap."
"you lie, sir."
"who, then, sir?"
"yellow cap, yellow cap."
yellow cap unfortunately did not give the lie in time, for which he wasseverely punished, and the game then continued.
but the part of the game which created the most mirth was providing agoose for the tailors, which was accomplished by some of theirconfederates throwing into the circle any bystander who was not on hisguard, and who, immediately that he was thrown in, was thrashed andkicked by the whole circle until he could make his escape.
an attemptof this kind was soon made upon seymour, who, being well acquainted withthe game, and perceiving the party rushing on him to push him in,dropped on his hands and knees, so that the other was caught in his owntrap, by tumbling over seymour into the circle himself; from which he atlast escaped, as much mortified by the laugh raised against him as withthe blows which he had received.
seymour, who was ready to join in any fun, applied for work, and wasadmitted among the journeymen.
"what's your name?"
"dandy grey russet cap," replied seymour, selecting a colour which wouldgive him ample time for answering to his call.
"oh, i'll be damned but you're an old hand," observed one of the party,and the game continued with as much noise as ever.
but we must leave it, and return to mr skrimmage, who was a singular,if not solitary instance of a person in one of the lowest grades of theservice having amassed a large fortune.
he had served his time under anattorney, and from that situation, why or wherefore the deponent sayethnot, shipped on board a man-of-war in the capacity of a ship's clerk.
the vessel which first received him on board was an old fifty-gun shipof two decks, a few of which remained in the service at that time,although they have long been dismissed and broken up.
being a dullsailer, and fit for nothing else, she was constantly employed inprotecting large convoys of merchant vessels to america and the westindies.
although other men-of-war occasionally assisted her in heremploy, the captain of the fifty-gun ship, from long standing, wasinvariably the senior officer, and the masters of the merchant vesselswere obliged to go on board his ship to receive their convoyinstructions, and a distinguishing pennant, which is always givenwithout any fee.
but skrimmage, who had never been accustomed to deliver up any paperwithout a fee when he was in his former profession, did not feelinclined to do so in his present.
make a direct charge he dare not--he,therefore, hit upon a _ruse de guerre_ which effected his purpose.
heborrowed from different parties seven or eight guineas, and when themasters of merchant vessels came on board for their instructions, hedesired them to be shown down into his cabin, where he received themwith great formality and very nicely dressed.
the guineas were spreadupon the desk, so that they might be easily reckoned.
"sit down, captain; if you please, favour me with your name, and that ofyour ship."
as he took these down, he carelessly observed, "i havedelivered but seven copies of the instructions to-day as yet."
the captain, having nothing to do in the meantime, naturally cast hiseyes round the cabin and was attracted by the guineas, the number ofwhich exactly tallied with the number of instructions delivered.
itnaturally occurred to him that they were the clerk's perquisites ofoffice.
"what is the fee, sir?"
"whatever you please--some give a guinea, some two."
a guinea was deposited; and thus with his nest-eggs, mr skrimmage,without making a direct charge, contrived to pocket a hundred guineas,or more, for every convoy that was put under his captain's charge.
after four years, during which he had saved a considerable sum, the shipwas declared unserviceable, and broken up, and mr skrimmage was sent onboard of the guard-ship, where his ready wit immediately pointed out tohim the advantages which might be reaped by permanently belonging toher, as clerk of the ship, and caterer of the midshipmen's berth.
afterserving in her for eight years, he was offered his rank as purser, whichhe refused, upon the plea of being a married man, and preferring povertywith mrs s--- to rank and money without her.
at this the reader willnot be astonished when he is acquainted, that the situation which heheld was, by his dexterous plans, rendered so lucrative, that in thecourse of twelve years, with principal and accumulating interest, he hadamassed the sum of 15,000 pounds.
a guard-ship is a receiving-ship for officers and men, until they areenabled to join, or are drafted to their respective ships.
theconsequence is, that an incessant change is taking place,--a midshipmansometimes not remaining on board of her for more than three days beforean opportunity offers of joining his ship.
in fact, when we state that,during the war, upwards of one thousand midshipmen were received andsent away from a guard-ship, in the course of twelve months, we areconsiderably within the mark.
now, as mr skrimmage always received oneguinea as entrance to the mess, and a week's subscription in advance,and, moreover, never spent even the latter, or had his accountsexamined, it is easy to conceive what a profitable situation he hadcreated for himself.
mrs skrimmage, also, was a useful helpmate: shelived on board, at little expense, and, by her attention to the dearlittle middies and their wearing apparel, who were sent on board to joinsome ship for the first time, added very considerably to his profits.
her history was as follows.
it had three eras:--she had been alady's-maid, in town; and, in this situation, acquiring a few of thepractices of "high life," she had become something else on the town;and, finally, mrs skrimmage.
with a view of awing his unrulyassociates into respect, mr skrimmage (as well as his wife) wasparticularly nice in his dress and his conversation, and affected thegentleman, as she did the lady--this generally answered pretty well; butsometimes unpleasant circumstances would occur, to which his interestcompelled mr skrimmage to submit.
it may be as well here to add, that,at the end of the war, mr skrimmage applied for his promotion for longservice, and, obtaining it, added his purser's half-pay to the interestof his accumulated capital, and retired from active service.
the steward and his boy entering the gun-room with two enormous blacktea-kettles, put an end to the boisterous amusement.
it was the signalfor tea.
"hurrah for scaldchops!"
cried the master tailor, rising from the game,which was now abandoned.
a regiment of cups and saucers lined the twosides of the long table, and a general scramble ensued for seats.
"i say, mr _cribbage_," cried an old master's-mate, to the caterer, whohad entered shortly after the tea-kettles, and assumed his place at theend of the table, "what sort of stuff do you call this?"
"what do you mean to imply, sir?"
replied mr skrimmage, with a pompousair.
"mean to ply?--why, i mean to ply, that there's damned little tea inthis here water; why, i've seen gin as dark a colour as this."
"steward," said mr skrimmage, turning his head over his shouldertowards him, "have you not put the established allowance into thetea-pot?"
"yes, sir," replied the steward; "a tea-spoonful for every gentleman,and one for coming up."
"you hear, gentlemen," said mr skrimmage.
"hear!--yes, but we don't taste.
i should like to see it sarved out,"continued the master's-mate.
"sir," replied mr skrimmage, "i must take the liberty to observe toyou, that that is a responsibility never intrusted to the steward.
theestablished allowance is always portioned out by mrs skrimmageherself."
"damn mrs skrimmage," said a voice from the other end of the table.
cried the indignant husband; "what did i hear?
who was that?"
"'twas this young gentleman, mr caterer," said a malicious lad,pointing to one opposite.
replied the youngster, recollecting the game they had justbeen playing; "you lie, sir."
"who then, sir?"
"black cap--black cap," pointing to another.
"i damn mrs skrimmage!
you lie, sir."
"who then, sir?"
"red cap--red cap."
"i damn mrs skrimmage?
you lie, sir."
and thus was the accusation bandied about the table, to the greatamusement of the whole party, except the caterer, who regretted havingtaken any notice of what had been said.
"really, gentlemen, this behaviour is such as cannot be tolerated,"observed mr skrimmage, who invariably preferred the _suaviter in modo_.
"as caterer of this berth--""it is your duty to give us something to eat," added one of themidshipmen.
"gentlemen, you see what there is on the table; there are rules andregulations laid down, which cannot be deviated from, and--""and those are, to starve us.
i've paid six-and-twenty shillings, andhave not had six-and-twenty mouthfuls in the three days that i have beenhere.
i should like to see your accounts, mr caterer."
let's have his accounts," roared out several of the party.
"gentlemen, my accounts are ready for inspection, and will bear, i willventure to assert, the most minute investigation; but it must be fromthose who have a right to demand it, and i cannot consider that a personwho has only been in the ship for three days has any pretence to examinethem."
"but i have been in the ship three weeks," said another, "and have paidyou one pound sixteen shillings.
i have a right, and now i demandthem--so let us have the accounts on the table, since we can get nothingelse."
"the accounts--the accounts!"
were now vociferated for by such athreatening multitude of angry voices, that mr skrimmage turned palewith alarm, and thought it advisable to bend to the threatening storm.
"steward, present the gentlemen's respects to mrs skrimmage, andrequest that she will oblige them by sending in the mess account-book.
you understand--the gentlemen's respects to mrs skrimmage."
"damn mrs skrimmage," again cried out one of the midshipmen, and thegame of goose was renewed with the phrase, until the steward returnedwith the book.
"mrs skrimmage's compliments to the gentlemen of the gun-room mess, andshe has great pleasure in complying with their request: but, inconsequence of her late indisposition, the accounts are not made upfurther than to the end of last month."
this was the plan upon which the wily clerk invariably acted, as it putan end to all inquiry; but the indignation of the midshipmen was not tobe controlled, and as they could not give it vent in one way, they didin another.
"gentlemen," said one of the oldest of the fraternity, imitating mrskrimmage's style, "i must request that you will be pleased not to kickup such a damned row, because i wish to make a speech: and i requestthat two of you will be pleased to stand sentries at the door,permitting neither ingress nor egress, that i may `spin my yarn' withoutinterruption.
"gentlemen, we have paid our mess-money, and we have nothing to eat.
wehave asked for the accounts, and we are put off with `indisposition.'
now, gentlemen, as there can be no doubt of the caterer's honour, ipropose that we give him a receipt in full."
"and here's a pen to write it with," cried out another, holding up thesleeve-board, with which they had been playing the game.
"then, gentlemen, are you all agreed--to cobb the caterer?"
the shouts of assent frightened mr skrimmage, who attempted to make hisescape by the gun-room door, but was prevented by the two sentries, whohad been placed there on purpose.
he then requested to be heard--to beallowed to explain; but it was useless.
he was dragged to the table,amidst an uproar of laughter and shouting.
"extreme badheadaches"--"mrs skrimmage"--"nervous"--"ample satisfaction"--"conductlike gentlemen"--"complain to first-lieutenant"--were the unconnectedparts of his expostulation, which could be distinguished.
he wasextended across the table, face downwards; the lapels of his coat thrownup, and two dozen blows, with the sleeve-board, were administered withsuch force, that his shrieks were even louder than the laughter andvociferation of his assailants.
during the infliction, the noise within was so great that they did notpay attention to that which was outside, but as soon as mr skrimmagehad been put on his legs again, and the tumult had partially subsided,the voice of the master-at-arms requesting admittance, and the screamingof mrs skrimmage, were heard at the door, which continued locked andguarded.
the door was opened, and in flew the lady.
my skrimmage!--what have the brutes been doing to you?
oh, the wretches!"
continued the lady, panting for breath, and turningto the midshipmen, who had retreated from her;--"you shall all be turnedout of the service--you shall--that you shall.
we'll see--we'll writefor a court-martial--ay, you may laugh, but we will.
contempt to asuperior officer--clerk and caterer, indeed!
the service has come to apretty pass--you villains!
you may grin--i'll tear the eyes out of someof you, that i will.
come, mr skrimmage, let us go on thequarter-deck, and see if the service is to be trifled with.
dirty scum,indeed--" and the lady stopped for want of breath occasioned by therapidity of her utterance.
"gentlemen," said the master-at-arms, as soon as he could obtainhearing,--"the first-lieutenant wishes to know the reason why you aremaking such a noise?"
"our compliments to mr phillips, and we have been settling themess-account, and taking the change out of the caterer."
"yes," continued mrs skrimmage, "you villains, you have, you paltrycheats--you blackguards--you warmin--you scum of the earth--you grinningmonkeys--you!--don't put your tongue into your cheek at me, you--youbeast--you ill-looking imp, or i'll write the ten commandments on yourface--i will--ay, that i will--cowardly set of beggars--" (no morebreath.)
"i'll tell you what, marm," rejoined the old master's-mate, "if youdon't clap a stopper on that jaw of yours, by george, we'll _cobb_ you."
"cobb me!--you will, will you?
i should like to see you.
i dare you tocobb me, you wretches!"
"cobb her, cobb her!"
roared out all the midshipmen, who were irritatedat her language; and in a moment she was seized by a dozen of them, whodragged her to the table.
mrs skrimmage struggled in vain, and thereappeared every chance of the threat being put in force.
"oh,--is this the way to treat a lady?--skrimmage!
skrimmage who had been battered almost to stupefaction, roused by thecall of his frightened wife, darted to her, and throwing his arm roundher waist,--"spare her, gentlemen, spare her for mercy's sake, spareher,--or," continued he, in a faltering voice, "if you will cobb her,let it be _over all_."
the appeal in favour of modesty and humanity had its due weight; and mrand mrs skrimmage were permitted to leave the gun-room without furthermolestation.
the lady, however, as soon as she had obtained the outsideof the gun-room door, forgetting her assumed gentility, turned back, andshaking her fist at her persecutors, made use of language, with arepetition of which we will not offend our readers,--and then,arm-in-arm with her husband quitted the gun-room.
"`mrs skrimmage's compliments to the gentlemen of the gun-room mess,'"cried one of the midshipmen, mimicking, which was followed by a roar oflaughter, when the quarter-master again made his appearance.
"gentlemen, the first-lieutenant says, that all those who are waitingfor a passage round to plymouth, are to be on deck with their trapsimmediately.
there's a frigate ordered round--she has the blue-peterup, and her top-sails are sheeted home."
this put an end to further mischief, as there were at least twenty ofthem whose respective ships were on that station.
in the meantime,while they were getting ready, mr skrimmage having restored theprecision of his apparel, proceeded to the quarter-deck and made hiscomplaint to the first-lieutenant; but these complaints had beenrepeatedly made before, and mr phillips was tired of hearing them, andwas aware that he deserved his fate.
mr skrimmage was thereforesilenced with the usual remark--"how can i punish these young men, ifthey are in the wrong, who slip through my fingers immediately?--theparties you complain of are now going down the side.
_why don't yougive up the caterership_?"
but this, for the reasons before stated, did not suit mr skrimmage, whoreturned below.
for a day or two, the mess was better supplied, fromfear of a repetition of the dose; after that, it went on again asbefore.
all desperate hazards courage do create,  as he plays frankly who has least estate.
it were all one,  that i should love a bright particular star,  and think to wed it.
seymour was soon weary of the endless noise and confusion to which hewas subjected on board of the guard-ship, and he wrote to captain m---,requesting that he might be permitted to join some vessel on activeservice, until the period should arrive when the former would be enabledto resume the command of his ship.
the answer from his patron informedhim, that the time of his renewal of his professional duties would beuncertain, not having hitherto derived much benefit from his return toengland; that as the _aspasia_ was daily expected to arrive from themission on which she had been despatched, and would then remain onchannel service, ready to be made over to him as soon as his healthshould be re-established, he would procure an order for him to join heras soon as she arrived.
he pointed out to him that he would be morecomfortable on board a ship in which he had many old messmates andfriends than in any other, to the officers of which he would be aperfect stranger.
that, in the meantime, he had procured leave ofabsence for him, and requested that he would pay him a visit at hiscottage near richmond, to the vicinity of which place he had removed, bythe advice of his medical attendants.
seymour gladly availed himself of this opportunity of seeing hisprotector, and after a sojourn of three weeks, returned to portsmouth,to join the _aspasia_, which had, for some days, been lying at spithead.
most of the commissioned, and many of the junior officers, who hadserved in the west indies, were still on board of her anxiously waitingfor the return of captain m---, whose value as a commanding officer wasmore appreciated for the change which had taken place.
seymour wascordially greeted by his former shipmates, not only for his own sake,but from the idea that his having rejoined the frigate was but aprecursor of the reappearance of captain m--- himself.
there is, perhaps, no quality in man partaking of such variety, and sodifficult to analyse, as _courage_, whether it be physical or mental,both of which are not only innate, but to be acquired.
the former, andthe most universal, is most capriciously bestowed; sometimes, althoughrarely, nature has denied it altogether.
we have, therefore, in thelatter instance, courage nil as a zero, courage negative, halfway up,and courage positive, at the top, which may be considered as "bloodheat;" and upon this thermometrical scale the animal courage of everyindividual may be placed.
courage _nil_ or cowardice, needs noexplanation.
courage negative, which is the most common, is that degreeof firmness which will enable a person to do his duty when danger _comesto him_; he will not avoid danger, but he will not exactly seek it.
courage positive, when implanted in a man, will induce him to seekdanger, and find opportunities of distinguishing himself where otherscan see none.
courage negative is a passive feeling, and requires to beroused.
courage positive is an active and restless feeling, always onthe look-out.
an extreme susceptibility, and a phlegmatic indifference of disposition,although diametrically in opposition to each other, will produce thesame results: in the former, it is mental, in the latter, animalcourage.
paradoxical as it may appear, the most certain and mostvaluable description of _courage_ is that which is acquired from the_fear of shame_.
further, there is no talent which returns more foldthan courage, when constantly in exercise: for habit will soon raise theindividual, whose index is near to zero, to the degree in the scaleopposite to courage negative; and the possessor of courage negative willrise up to that of courage positive; although, from desuetude, they_will again sink to their former position_.
it is generally considered that men are _naturally brave_; but as,without some incentive, there would be no courage, i doubt the position.
i should rather say that we were naturally cowards.
withoutincitement, courage of every description would gradually descend to thezero of the scale; the necessity of some incentive to produce it, provesthat it is "against nature."
as the ferocity of brutes is occasioned byhunger, so is that of man by "hungering" after the coveted enjoyments oflife, and in proportion as this appetite is appeased, so is his couragedecreased.
if you wish animals to fight, they must not be over-fed; andif a nation wishes to have good officers, it must swell their pride bydecorations, and keep them poor.
there are few who do not recollect theanswer of the soldier to his general, who had presented him with a purseof gold, in reward of a remarkable instance of gallantry, and who, ashort time afterwards, requiring something extremely hazardous to beattempted, sent for the man, and expressed his wish that he wouldvolunteer.
"general," said he, "send a man who has not got a purse ofgold."
the strongest incitement to courage is withdrawn by the possession ofwealth.
other worldly possessions also affect it.
lord st. vincent,when he heard that any captain had married, used to observe,emphatically, "that he was damned for the service,"--no compliment tothe officer, but a very handsome one to the sex, as it implied thattheir attractions were so great, that we could not disengage ourselvesfrom our thraldom, or, in fact, that there were no such things as bad orscolding wives.
finally, this _quality_, which is considered as a _virtue_, and toentitle us to the rewards bestowed upon it by the fair sex, who value itabove all others, is so wholly out of our control, that when sufferingunder sickness or disease, it deserts us; nay, for the time being, aviolent stomach-ache will turn a hero into a poltroon.
so much for a dissertation on courage, which i should not have venturedto force upon the reader, had it not been to prepare him for thecharacter which i am about to introduce; and when it is pointed out howmany thousands of officers were employed during the last war, i trust itwill not be considered an imputation upon the service, by asserting thatthere were some few who _mistook their profession_.
the acting captain of the _aspasia_, during the early part of his careerin the service (had there been such a thermometer as i have described,by which the heat of temperament in the party would have been preciselyascertained), on placing its bulb upon the palm of his hand, would haveforced the mercury something between the zero and courage negative,towards the zero--"more yes than no," as the italian said; but now thathe was a married man, above fifty years of age, with a large family, hehad descended in the scale to the absolute zero.
it may, then, be inquired, why he requested to be employed during thewar?
because he liked full pay and prize-money when it could beobtained without risk, and because his wife and family were living onshore in a very snug little cottage at ryde, in the isle of wight, whichcottage required nothing but furniture and a few other trifles to renderit complete.
marriage had not only subtracted from the courage of thisworthy officer, but, moreover, a little from his honesty.
captaincapperbar (for such was his name) should have been brought up as amissionary, for he could _canvert_ anything, and _expend_ more profuselythan any bible society.
the name by which he had christened hisdomicile was probably given as a sort of salvo to his conscience.
hecalled it the "_ship_;" and when he signed his name to the expense booksof the different warrant officers, without specifying the exact use towhich the materials were applied, the larger proportions were invariablyexpended, by the general term, for "_ship's_ use."
he came into harbouras often as he could, always had a demand for stores to complete, and adefect or two for the dockyard to make good, and the admiral, who wasaware of mr capperbar being a near resident, made every reasonableallowance for his partiality to spithead.
but we had better introducethe captain, sitting at his table in the fore-cabin, on the day of hisarrival in port, the carpenter having obeyed his summons.
"well, mr cheeks, what are the carpenters about?"
"weston and smallbridge are going on with the chairs--the whole of themwill be finished tomorrow."
"smith is about the chest of drawers, to match the one in my ladycapperbar's bed-room."
and what is hilton about?"
"he has finished the spare-leaf of the dining-table, sir; he is nowabout a little job for the second-lieutenant."
"a job for the second-lieutenant, sir?
how often have i told you, mrcheeks, that the carpenters are not to be employed, except on ship'sduty, without my special permission."
"his standing bed-place is broke, sir; he is only getting out a chock ortwo."
"mr cheeks, you have disobeyed my most positive orders.--by the bye,sir, i understand you were not sober last night."
"please your honour," replied the carpenter, "i wasn't drunk--i was onlya little fresh."
"take you care, mr cheeks.
well, now, what are the rest of your crewabout?"
"why, thompson and waters are cutting out the pales for the garden, outof the jib-booms; i've saved the heel to return."
"very well, but there won't be enough, will there?"
"no, sir, it will take a hand-mast to finish the whole."
"then we must expend one when we go out again.
we can carry away atopmast, and make a new one out of the hand-mast at sea.
in themeantime, if the sawyers have nothing to do, they may as well cut thepalings at once.
and now, let me see--oh!
the painters must go onshore, to finish the attics."
"yes, sir, but my lady capperbar wishes the _jealowsees_ to be paintedvermilion: she says, it will look more rural."
"mrs capperbar ought to _know enough_ about ship's stores, by thistime, to be aware that we are only allowed three colours.
she maychoose or mix them as she pleases; but as for going to the expense ofbuying paint, i can't afford it.
what are the rest of the men about?"
"repairing, the second cutter, and making a new mast for the pinnace."
"by the bye--that puts me in mind of it--have you expended any boat'smasts?"
"only the one carried away, sir."
"then you must expend two more.
mrs c--- has just sent me off a listof a few things that she wishes made, while we are at anchor, and i seetwo poles for clothes-lines.
saw off the sheave-holes, and put two pegsthrough at right angles--you know how i mean."
what am i to do, sir, about the cucumber frame?
my ladycapperbar says that she must have it, and i haven't glass enough--theygrumbled at the yard last time."
"mrs c--- must wait a little.
what are the armourers' about?"
"they have been so busy with your work, sir, that the arms are in a verybad condition.
the first-lieutenant said yesterday that they were adisgrace to the ship."
"who dared say that?"
"the first-lieutenant, sir."
"well, then, let them rub up the arms, and let me know when they aredone, and we'll get the forge up."
"the armourer has made six rakes, and six hoes, and the two little hoesfor the children; but he says he can't make a spade."
"then i'll take his warrant away, by heaven!
since he does not know hisduty.
that will do, mr cheeks.
i shall overlook your being in liquor,this time; but take care--send the boatswain to me."
"yes sir," and the carpenter quitted the cabin.
"well, mr hurley," said the captain, as the boatswain stroked down hishair, as a mark of respect, when he entered the cabin, "are the cots allfinished?"
"all finished, your honour, and slung, except the one for the _babby_.
had not i better get a piece of duck for that?"
"no, no--number seven will do as well; mrs c--- wants some_fearnought_, to put down in the entrance hall."
"yes, your honour."
"and some cod-lines laid up for clothes-lines."
"yes, your honour."
"stop, let me look at my list--`knife-tray, meat-screen, leads forwindow-sashes,'--ah!
have you any hand-leads not on charge?"
"yes, your honour, four or five."
"give them to my steward.--`small chair for ellen--canvas forveranda.'--oh!
here's something else--have you any painted canvas?"
"only a waist-hammock-cloth, sir, ready fitted."
"we must expend that; `no old on charge.'
send it on shore to thecottage, and i shall want some pitch."
"we've lots of that, your honour."
"that will do, mr hurley; desire the sentry to tell my steward to comehere."
"yes, your honour."
(exit boatswain, and enter steward.)
this personage belonged to the party of marines, who had been draftedinto the ship--for captain capperbar's economical propensities would notallow him to hire a servant brought up to the situation, who would havedemanded wages independent of the ship's pay.
having been well drilledat barracks, he never answered any question put to him by an officer,without recovering himself from his usual "stand-at-ease" position--throwing shoulders back, his nose up in the air, his arms down hissides, and the palms of his hands flattened on his thighs.
his replieswere given with all the brevity that the question would admit, or rapidarticulation on his own part would enable him to confer.
"thomas, are the sugar and cocoa ready to go on shore?"
"don't forget to send that letter to mr gibson for the ten dozen portand sherry."
"when it comes on board, you'll bring it on shore a dozen at a time, inthe hair trunk."
"mind you don't let any of the hay peep outside."
"has the cooper finished the washing-tubs?"
"and the small kids?"
"have you inquired among the ship's company for a gardener?"
"yes, sir; there's a marine kept the garden of the major in thebarracks."
"don't forget to bring him on shore."
"recollect, too, that mrs capperbar wants some vinegar--the boatswain'sis the best--and a gallon or two of rum--and you must corn some beef.
the harness cask may remain on shore, and the cooper must make meanother."
"master henry's trousers--are they finished yet?"
"no, sir; spriggs is at them now.
bailly and james are making missellen's petticoats."
"and the shoes for master john--are they finished?"
"and master henry's?"
wilson says that he has lost master henry's measure."
he shall have four-water grog for a week; and,steward, take three bags of bread on shore, and forty pounds of flour."
oh, no--don't forget to send some peas on shore for thepig."
"no, sir," and the steward departed to execute his variety ofcommissions.
the present first-lieutenant of the _aspasia_, who, upon the promotionof the former, had been selected by captain m--- previous to hisquitting the ship, was an excellent officer and a pleasant,light-hearted messmate, very superior in talent and information to themany.
the conduct of captain capperbar was a source of annoyance to him, as hefrequently could not command the services of the different artificerswhen they were required for the ship.
he had, however, been long enoughin the service to be aware that it was better to make the best of itthan to create enemies by impeaching the conduct of his superiorofficer.
as the command of captain capperbar was but temporary, heallowed him to proceed without expostulation, contenting himself withturning his conduct into a source of conversation and amusement.
"well, prose, how do you like the new skipper?"
inquired seymour, soonafter his arrival on board.
"why--i do declare, i can hardly tell.
he's a very good-tempered man,but he don't exactly treat us midshipmen as if we were officers orgentlemen; and as for his wife, she is really too bad.
i am sent everyday on shore to the cottage, because i belong to the captain's gig.
they never ask me to sit down, but set me to work somehow or another.
the other day he had a boat's crew on shore digging up a piece of groundfor planting potatoes, and he first showed me how to cut the _eyes_, andthen gave me a knife, and ordered me to _finish the whole bag_ which layin the field, and to see that the men worked properly at the same time.
i never cut potatoes into little bits before, except at table after theywere boiled."
"well, that was too bad; but however, you'll know how to plant potatoesin future--there's nothing like knowledge."
"and then he sends the nurse and children for an airing, as he calls it,on the water, and i am obliged to take them.
i don't like pullingmaid-servants about."
"that's quite a matter of taste, prose; some midshipmen do."
"what do you think mrs capperbar asked me to do the other day?"
"i'm sure i can't guess."
"why, to shell peas."
"well, did you oblige her?"
"why, yes, i did; but i did not like it,--and the other day the captainsent me out to walk with the nurse and children, that i might carrymaster henry if he was tired."
"they have observed the versatility of your genius."
"she made me hunt the hedges for a whole morning after eggs because shewas convinced that one of the hens laid astray."
"did you find any?"
"no; and when i came back to tell her so, she got into a rage, andthreatened to make the captain flog me."
"the devil she did!"
"a devil she is," continued prose.
"she runs about the house--`captaincapperbar' this,--`captain capperbar' that--`i will'--`i will not'--`iinsist'--`i am determined.'
but," continued prose, "as you belonged tothe captain's gig before, you will of course take her again, and i shallbe very glad to give the charge up to you."
"not for the world, my dear prose: what may insure your promotion wouldbe my ruin.
i never nursed a child or shelled a pea in my life; thefirst i should certainly let fall, and the second i probably should eatfor my trouble.
so pray continue at your post of honour, and i will gofor the fresh beef every morning as you were accustomed to do when we wewere last in port."
captain m--- did not receive the immediate benefit which he hadanticipated from a return to his native land.
bath, cheltenham,devonshire, and other places were recommended one after the other by thephysicians, until he was tired of moving from place to place.
it wasnearly two years before he felt his health sufficiently re-establishedto resume the command of the _aspasia_, during which period the patienceof officers was nearly exhausted; and not only was all the furniture andfitting up of the cottage complete but captain capperbar had providedhimself with a considerable stock of materials for repairs andalterations.
at last a letter from the captain to macallan gave thewelcome intelligence that he was to be down at portsmouth in a few days,and that the ship was ordered to fit for foreign service.
we must not omit to mention here, that during these two years seymourhad been able to procure frequent leave of absence, which was invariablypassed at the mcelvinas; and that the terms of intimacy on which he wasreceived at the hall and his constant intercourse with emily, producedan effect which a more careful mother would have guarded against.
theyouth of eighteen and the girl of sixteen had feelings very differentfrom those which had actuated them on their first acquaintance; andseymour, who was staying at the mcelvinas when the expected arrival ofcaptain m--- was announced, now felt what pain it would be to part withemily.
the intelligence was communicated in a letter from prose, whenhe was sitting alone with mcelvina, and the bare idea of separationstruck him to the heart.
mcelvina, who had often expressed his opinion on the subject to hiswife, had been anxious that our hero should be sent on a foreignstation, before he had allowed a passion to take so deep a root in hisheart that, to eradicate it, would be a task of great effort and greaterpain.
aware, from the flushed face of seymour, of what was passingwithin, he quietly introduced the subject, by observing that in allprobability, his favourite, emily, would be married previous to hisreturn--pointing out that an heiress of so large a property would have aright to expect to unite herself with one in the highest rank ofsociety.
seymour covered his face with his hands, as he leant over the table.
hehad no secrets from mcelvina, and acknowledged the truth of theobservation.
"i have brought up the subject, my dear boy," continuedmcelvina, "because i have not been blind, and i am afraid that you willcherish a feeling which can only end in disappointment.
she is a sweetgirl; but you must, if possible, forget her.
reflect a moment.
you arean orphan, without money and without family, although not withoutfriends, which you have secured by your own merit; and you have onlyyour courage and your abilities to advance you in the service.
can it,then, be expected, that her parents would consent to an union--or wouldit be honourable in you to take any advantage of her youthfulprepossession in your favour, and prevent her from reaping thoseadvantages that her fortune and family entitle her to?"
seymour felt bitterly the justice of the remark; a few tears trickledthrough his fingers, but his mind was resolved.
he had thought to havedeclared his love before his departure, and have obtained anacknowledgment on her part; but he now made a firm resolution to avoidand to forget her.
"i shall follow your advice, my dear sir, for it isthat of a friend who is careful of my honour; but if you knew the stateof mind that i am in!--how foolish and inconsiderate have i been!--iwill not see her again."
"nay, that would be acting wrongly; it would be quite unpardonable,after the kindness which you have received from mrs rainscourt, not tocall and wish them farewell.
you must do it, seymour.
it will be anexertion, i acknowledge; but, if i mistake not his character, not toogreat a one for william seymour.
good night, my dear boy."
on the ensuing morning, seymour, who had fortified himself in his goodresolutions, walked to the hall to announce his approaching departure onforeign service, and to take his farewell, his last farewell, of emily.
he found the carriage at the door, and mrs rainscourt in her pelisseand bonnet, about to pay a visit at some distance.
she was sorry at theinformation, for seymour was a great favourite, and delayed herdeparture for a quarter of an hour to converse with him; at the end ofwhich, emily, who had been walking, came into the library.
communicating the intelligence to her daughter, mrs rainscourt thenbade him farewell, and expressing many wishes for his health andhappiness, was handed by him into the carriage, and drove off; leavingseymour to return to the library, and find himself--the very position hehad wished to avoid--alone with emily.
emily rainscourt was, at this period, little more than sixteen yearsold; but it is well known that, in some families, as in some countries,the advance to maturity is much more rapid than in others.
such was thecase with our heroine, who, from her appearance, was generally supposedto be at least two years older than she really was, and in her mind shewas even more advanced than in her person.
seymour returned to the library, where he found emily upon the sofa.
her bonnet had been thrown off; and the tears that were coursing downher cheeks were hastily brushed away at his entrance.
he perceived it,and felt his case to be still more embarrassing.
"when do you go, william?"
said emily, first breaking silence.
i have called to return my thanks to your mother,and to you, for your kindness to me;--i shall ever remember it withgratitude."
emily made no answer, but a deep sigh escaped.
"i shall," continued seymour, "be away perhaps for years, and it isdoubtful if ever we meet again.
our tracks in life are widelydifferent.
i am an orphan, without name or connection--or even home,except through the kindness of my friends: they were right when, in mychildhood, they christened me the `king's own,' for i belong to nobodyelse.
you, miss rainscourt," (emily started, for it was the first timethat he had ever called her so, after the first week of theiracquaintance), "with every advantage which this world can afford, willsoon be called into society, in which i never can have any pretence toenter.
you will, in all probability, form a splendid connection before(if ever) we meet again.
you have my prayers, and shall have them whenseas divide us, for your happiness."
seymour was so choked by his feelings, that he could say no more--andemily burst into tears.
god in heaven bless you," said seymour, recoveringhis self-possession.
emily, who could not speak, offered her hand.
seymour could not controlhimself; he pressed her lips with fervour, and darted out of the room.
emily watched him, until he disappeared at the winding of the avenue,and then sat down and wept bitterly.
she thought that he was unkind,when he ought to have been most fond--on the eve of a protractedabsence.
he might have stayed a little longer.
he had never behaved sobefore; and she retired to her room, with her heart panting with anguishand disappointment.
she felt how much she loved him, and theacknowledgment was embittered by the idea that this feeling was notreciprocal.
the next morning, when the hour had passed at which seymour had statedthat he was to leave the spot, emily bent her steps to the cottage, thatshe might, by conversation with her friend mrs mcelvina, obtain, ifpossible, some clue to the motives which had induced our hero to behaveas we have narrated.
susan was equally anxious to know in what manner seymour had conductedhimself, and soon obtained from emily the information which sherequired.
she then pointed out to her, as her husband had done toseymour, the improbability, if not impossibility, of any happy result totheir intimacy, and explained the honourable motives by which seymourhad been actuated,--the more commendable, as his feelings on the subjectwere even more acute than her own.
the weeping girl felt the truth ofher remarks, as far as the justification of seymour was attempted.
satisfied with the knowledge that he loved her, she paid littleattention to the more prudent part of the advice, and made a resolutionin his favour, which, as well as her attachment (unlike most othersformed during the freshness of the heart), through time andcircumstance, absence on his part, temptations on hers, continuedstedfast and immovable to the last.
first moloch, horrid king, besmeared with blood  of human sacrifice, and parents' tears;  though, for the noise of drums and timbrels loud,  their children's cries unheard.
once more the _aspasia_ flew upon the wings of the northern gale tosecure her country's dominion over far-distant seas; and many an anxiouseye, that dwelt upon the receding shore, and many an aching heart, thatfelt itself severed from home and its endearments, did she carry away inher rapid flight.
some there were to whom the painful reflectionpresented itself--"shall i e'er behold those cherished shores again?"
this, however, was but a transitory feeling, soon chased away by hope,who delights to throw her sunny beams on the distance, while she leavesthe foreground to the dark reality of life.
all felt deeply, but therewas none whose mental sufferings could be compared with those ofseymour.
captain m--- opened his sealed orders, and found that he was directed toproceed forthwith to the east indies.
he had been prepared for this, byindirect hints given to him by the first lord of the admiralty.
thereis nothing so tedious as making a passage, and, of all others, that tothe east indies is the most disagreeable, especially at the time ofwhich we are writing, when sir h. popham had not added the cape of goodhope to the colonial grandeur of the country,--so that, in fact, therewas no resting-place for the wanderer, tired with the unvarying monotonyof sky and water.
we shall, therefore, content ourselves with stating,that at the end of three months his majesty's ship _aspasia_ dropped heranchor in kedgeree roads, and the captain of the same pilot schooner,who had taken charge of her off the sand-heads, was put in requisitionto convey captain m--- and his despatches up to calcutta.
courtenay,macallan, and seymour, were invited to be of the party; and the nextmorning they shifted on board the pilot schooner, and commenced theascent of the magnificent and rapid hoogly.
the pilot captain, who, like all those who ply in this dangerous andintricate navigation, had been brought up to it from his youth, was atall gaunt personage, of about fifty years of age, and familiar in hismanner.
whether he had found some difficulty in keeping in check thepassengers from the indiamen, whom he had been in the habit of taking upto calcutta (whose spirits were, in all probability, rather buoyant upontheir first release from the confinement of a tedious passage), orwhether from a disposition naturally afraid of encroachment, he wasincessantly informing you that "he was captain of his own ship."
although in all other parts he was polite, yet upon this he paid norespect to persons, as the governor-general and his staff, much to theiramusement, and occasionally to their annoyance, found to be the case,when they ascended the river under his charge.
"happy to see you on board, captain m---.
hope you will make yourselfcomfortable, and call for everything you want.
boy, take this trunkdown into the state cabin.
happy to see you, gentlemen, and beg youwill consider yourselves quite at home--at the same time beg to observethat i'm `_captain of my own ship_.'"
"so you ought to be," replied captain m---, smiling, "if your ship wasno larger than a nutshell.
i'm captain of _my_ own ship, i can assureyou."
"very glad we agree upon that point, captain m---.
young gentleman,"continued he, addressing himself to courtenay, "you'll oblige me by notcoming to an anchor on my hen-coops.
if you wish to sit down, you cancall for a chair."
"rather annoying," muttered courtenay, who did not much like beingcalled "young gentleman."
"a chair for the young gentleman," continued the captain of theschooner.
"starboard a little, mr jones,--there is rather too muchcable out, till the tide makes stronger.
i presume you are not used to_kedging_, captain.
it's a very pretty thing, as you will acknowledge.
give her the helm quick, mr thompson.
why, sir, do youknow that i was once very nearly on shore on the tail of this very bank,because a young lady, who was going up to calcutta, would take the helm?
the mate could not prevent her--she refused to let it go; and, when icommanded her, told me, with a laugh, that she could steer as well as icould.
i was obliged to prove to her, in rather an unpleasant manner,that i was captain of my own ship."
"why, you did not flog her, did you, captain?"
"why, no, not exactly that; but i was obliged to jerk the wheel round soquick, that i sprained both her wrists before she had time to let it go.
it very near produced a mutiny.
the girl fainted, or pretended to doso, and all the gentlemen passengers were in high wrath--littlethinking, the fools, that i had saved their lives by what they called mybarbarity.
however, i told them, as soon as the danger was over, that iwas captain of my own ship.
sweet pretty girl too, she was.
we werewithin an inch of the bank, the tide running like a sluice, and shouldhave turned the turtle the moment that we had struck.
such a thing ascarrying politeness too far.
if i had not twisted the wheel out of herhands as i did, in two minutes more the alligators would have dividedher pretty carcase, and all the rest of us to boot.
no occasion forthat, captain m---.
there's plenty of black fellows for them floatingup and down all day long, as you will see."
"they throw all their dead into the river, do they not?"
this is a continuation of the sacred river, the ganges, andthey believe that it insures their going to heaven.
have you never beenin india before?"
"nor these three gentlemen?"
"neither of them."
"oh, then," cried the captain, his face brightening up at theintelligence, as it gave him an opportunity of amusing his passengers;"then, perhaps, you would not object to my explaining things to you aswe go along?"
"on the contrary, we shall feel much indebted to you."
"observe," said the captain, looking round as if to find an object todecide him where to begin--"do you see that body floating down the riverwith the crow perched upon it, and that black thing flush with thewater's edge which nears it so fast--that's the head of an alligator; heis in chase of it."
the party directed their attention to the object; the alligator, whichhad the appearance of a piece of black wood floating down the stream,closed with the body: his upper jaw rose clear out of the water, anddescended upon his prey, with which he immediately disappeared under themuddy water.
"by the lord, mr crow, but you'd a narrow chance then," observed thecaptain; "you may thank your stars that you did not lose your life aswell as your breakfast.
don't you think so, young gentleman?"
continuedthe captain, addressing courtenay.
"i think," observed courtenay, "that mr crow was not exactly captain ofhis own ship."
"very true, sir.
that point of land which we are just shutting in,captain m---, is the end of saugor island, famous for bengal tigers, andmore famous once for the sacrifice of children.
you have heard of it?"
"i have heard of it; but if you have ever witnessed the scene, i shallbe obliged by your narration."
"i did once, captain m---, but nothing would ever induce me to witnessit again.
i am very glad that government has put a stop to it by force.
you are aware that the custom arose from the natives attempting toavert any present or anticipated calamity, by devoting a child topropitiate the deity.
on a certain day they all assembled in boats,with their victims, attended by their priests and music, and decoratedwith flowers.
the gaiety of the procession would have induced you toimagine that it was some joyous festival, instead of a scene ofsuperstition and of blood.
it would almost have appeared as if thealligators and sharks were aware of the exact time and place, from thenumbers that were collected at the spot where the immolation took place.
my blood curdles now when i think of it.
the cries of the natives, theshouting and encouraging of the priests, the deafening noise of thetom-toms, mixed with the piercing harsh music of the country, thehurling and tossing of the poor little infants into the water, and thesplashing and contention of the ravenous creatures as they tore themlimb from limb, within a few feet of their unnatural parents--the wholesea tinged with blood, and strewed with flowers!
the very remembranceis sickening to me.
"one circumstance occurred, more horrid than all the rest.
a woman haddevoted her child--but she had the feelings of a mother, which were notto be controlled by the blindest superstition.
from time to time shehad postponed the fulfilment of the vow, until the child had grown intoa woman--for she was thirteen years old, which in this country is themarriageable age.
misfortune came on, and the husband was told by thepriests that the deity was offended, and that the daughter must besacrificed, or he would not be appeased.
she was a beautiful creaturefor a native, and was to have been married about the very time that shewas now to be sacrificed.
i see her now--she was dark in complexion, asthey all are, but her features were beautifully small and regular, andher form was perfect symmetry.
they took off the gold ornaments withwhich she was decorated, and, in their avarice, removed her garments, asshe implored and entreated on her knees in vain.
the boat that she wasin was closer to the shore than the others, and in shallow water.
theyforced her over the gunwale--she alighted on her feet, the water beingup to her middle, and, by a miracle, escaped, before a shark oralligator could reach her, and gained the beach.
i thought that she wassaved, and felt more happy than if i had received a lakh of rupees.
butno--they landed from the boats, and pushed her into the water with longpoles, while she screamed for pity.
a large alligator swam up to her,and she fell senseless with fright, just before he received her in hisjaws.
so i don't think the poor creature suffered much after that,although the agony of anticipation must have been worse than thereality.
that one instance affected me more than the scores of infantsthat were sacrificed to moloch."
distressing as the narrative was, there was a novelty and interest init, and a degree of feeling unexpectedly shown by the captain of thepilot vessel that raised him in the opinion of captain m---, who becameanxious to obtain further information.
"they consider the river as sacred--do you imagine that they considerthe alligators to be so?"
"i rather think that they do, sir, although i only judge from what ihave seen, as i have read nothing about it.
at all events, the presenceof an alligator will not prevent them from performing a customary dutyof their religion, which is, bathing in the sacred river.
the peoplecome down to bathe at the different ghauts, and if an alligator takesone of them down, it will not prevent the others from returning the nextmorning, even if one was to be taken away each succeeding day.
i ratherthink that, in the discharge of a sacred duty, they consider allaccidents of this kind as according to the will of the deity, and a sortof passport to heaven.
a party of murderous villains turned thisfeeling of their countrymen to good account at a ghaut up the country.
the natives had bathed there for centuries without any accident onrecord, when, one day, a woman disappeared under the water from amongstthe rest, and every day for many weeks the same untoward circumstanceoccurred.
it was supposed to be an alligator, but it was afterwardsascertained that this party of thieves had concealed themselves in thejungle on the opposite side of the river, which at that part was deep,but not very wide, and had a rope with a hook to it extended under waterto the ghaut, where the people bathed.
some of the gang mingled withthe bathers, and slipping down under water, made the rope fast to thelegs of one of the women, who was immediately hauled under the water byhis comrades, concealed on the opposite side.
you may be wondering whythe rascals took so much trouble: but, sir, the women of this country,especially those of high caste, and who are rich, wear massive goldbangles upon their arms and legs, besides ornaments of great value onother parts of their person, and they never take them off when theybathe, as they are fastened on so as not to be removed.
it was from theobservation that this supposed alligator was very nice in his eating, ashe invariably took away a brachmany or a rajahpoot girl, that the plotwas discovered.
we are now abreast of the diamond harbour, a sad,unhealthy place, i can assure you.
port a little, mr jones--give fiveor six fathoms more cable; we drag too fast.
this is a very dangerouscorner that we are turning now.
when we are about eight miles above weshall bring up, and go to dinner.
i beg your pardon, young gentleman,but i'll thank you to leave the compasses alone.
you'll excuse me, buti command this vessel."
the pilot schooner rounded the point in safety, and in less than an hourbrought up abreast of a large village.
the captain stated that beforedinner was over the tide would be too slack to go further on, and thathe should remain there during the ebb, and not weigh till early the nextmorning.
if, therefore, captain m--- and the gentlemen felt inclined totake a stroll after dinner, a boat was at their service.
this was gladly assented to, and when dinner was over, the captain ofthe schooner ordered the boat to be manned, and, at the request ofcaptain m---, accompanied them on shore.
on their landing, the flockingtogether of the inhabitants, and the noise of the music, announced thatsomething more than usual was going on.
on inquiry, the pilot captaininformed them that the rajah of the village, who had ascended the riverto perform his vows at some distant shrine, had not returned at the timethat he was expected, and that the natives were afraid that someaccident had occurred, and were in consequence propitiating the deity.
"you will now have an opportunity of beholding a very uncommon sight,which is the propitiatory dance to shivu.
there is no occasion forhurrying on so fast, young gentleman," continued the captain tocourtenay; "they will continue it till midnight."
"how excessively annoying that `captain of his own ship' is," observedcourtenay to macallan.
as if he could not see myepaulet."
"and yet there is nothing particularly to be affronted about.
you_have_ a very youthful appearance, and surely you are not displeased atbeing called a gentleman."
"why, no; but that is the reason why i am annoyed, because i cannot takeit up."
the party soon arrived at the site of the performance, which was on asmall arena at the foot of a pagoda.
the pagoda, which was not large,was evidently of very ancient date, and the carvings in bas-relief,which were continued round on its sides, representing processions inhonour of the deity, were of a description much superior to the generalexecution of the hindoos.
the summit had bowed to time; perishable arthad yielded to eternal nature--a small tree, of the acacia species, hadusurped its place, and, as it waved its graceful bows to the breeze,appeared like a youthful queen reigning over and protecting the variousshrubs and plants which luxuriated in the different crevices of thebuilding.
the dance was performed by about fifteen men, who wereperfectly naked, their long hair falling below their waists.
they wentthrough a variety of rapid and strange evolutions, with a remarkabledegree of precision, throwing about their hands and arms, and distortingtheir bodies, even to their fingers, in a dexterous and almost terrificmanner.
sometimes they would suddenly form a circle, and, with asimultaneous jerk of their heads, throw their long hair, so that theends would for a moment all meet together in the centre; at other times,rolling their heads upon their shoulders with such astonishing velocity,that the eye was dazzled as they flew round and round, their hairradiating and diverging like the thrumbings of a mop, when trundled bysome strong-limbed housemaid.
their motions were regulated by thetom-toms, while an old brahmin, with a ragged white beard, sat perchedover the door of the pagoda, and, with a small piece of bamboo, struckupon the palm of his left hand, as he presided over the whole ceremony.
after a few minutes of violent exertion, he gave the signal to stop, andthe performers, reeking with perspiration from every pore, bound uptheir wet hair over their foreheads, and made room for another set, whorepeated the same evolutions.
"is this religion?"
inquired seymour of macallan, with someastonishment.
"that is a difficult question to answer in a few words.
we must hopethat it will be acceptable as such, for its votaries are, at least,sincere."
no one can deny the _warmth_ of their devotion," observedcourtenay, drily.
the extreme heat and effluvia from the crowds of natives, who witnessedthe performance, forced captain m--- and his companions unwillingly toabandon a scene so novel to an european.
at the proposal of theirconductor, they agreed to continue their walk to the outskirts of thevillage.
"i have often been ashore at this village," said the captain, "for theymake the small mats here which are much in request at calcutta, and ihave frequent commissions for them.
i can show you a novelty, if youwish, but i warn you that it will not be a very agreeable sight.
thenullah that runs up here, frequently leaves the dead bodies on the bank.
it is now half-ebb, and if you wish to be introduced to vultures andjackals, i can show you plenty.
but prepare yourself for a disgustingsight, for these animals do not congregate without a cause."
"to prey on the dead bodies, i presume?"
replied captain m---; "but as ihave never seen these animals in their wild state, my curiosity bearsdown any anticipation of disgust.
let me not, however, influence thosewho do not feel inclined to encounter it."
"after witnessing that dance," observed courtenay, taking a pinch ofsnuff, "i am fully prepared for _any supper_--it is impossible to bemore disgusting."
macallan and seymour having expressed a wish to proceed, the pilotcaptain led the way, observing--"these animals are very necessary in theclimates to which they are indigenous: they do the duty on shore whichthe alligators do in the water--that of public scavengers.
the numberof bodies that are launched into the ganges is incredible.
if a hindoois sick, he is brought down to the banks by his relatives, and if hedoes not recover, is thrown into the river.
it is said, indeed, that ifthey are known to have money, their relatives do not wait till naturetires with their own exertions, but stop their mouths with clay, toprevent the possibility of recovery.
there is a strong eddy round thispoint, and the bodies are swept into the nullah, and lie dry at theebb."
"what do you call a nullah?"
"a nullah means a creek."
"i was so stupidly proud that i did not like to ask; but as seymour hadset the example," added courtenay, "pray what is a ghaut?"
see, there are some vultures perched upon that tree,"continued the pilot captain, as they ascended the bank of the nullah.
as soon as they arrived at the top they perceived, to their horror,seven or eight bodies lying in the mud, surrounded by vultures andjackals, who, indiscriminately mingled together, were devouring them.
as they approached, the jackals retreated, looking repeatedly back, andsometimes facing round to the party, as if to inquire why they disturbedthem in their repast.
the vultures, on the contrary, did not attempt tomove, until macallan approached to within a few feet, and then those whocould retired a few yards, or took their stations on the low branches ofa tree close by, where others, who were already satiated, were sittingwith drooping wings waiting for a return of appetite to recommence theirbanquet; others were so gorged, that they could not walk away.
withtheir wings trailing in the mud, and their beaks separated, as ifgasping for breath, their brilliant eye dulled from repletion--therethey remained, emitting an effluvium so offensive that the numerousskeletons, and the mingled remains of mortality, were pleasing comparedto such disgusting specimens of _living_ corruption.
the party viewed the scene for a minute or two without speaking, andthen turned away by common consent, and did not break silence until theyhad left it far behind.
"i begin to think," said courtenay, taking out his box, "that even asavage may occasionally have an excuse for taking snuff.
did you ever,in your whole life, come in contact with such a stench?
positively ithas impregnated my snuff.
there's a strong twang of the vulture in it,"continued he, emptying the contents of the box upon the ground.
"nowthat's what i consider cursedly annoying."
"we have, indeed, both seen and heard enough for one day," observedcaptain m---, as they entered the boat.
"many thanks to you, mr ---,for your attention to our wishes."
"not at all, captain m---.
i am only sorry that my sights have not beenas agreeable as they are novel; but when you arrive at calcutta, youwill find novelty combined with pleasure."
after three days, which appeared to have fled with extra rapidity, fromthe constant amusement derived from the anecdotes and informationimparted by the pilot captain, they sailed up garden reach with a finebreeze; and the city of palaces, the only one that deserves its name,burst, in all its splendour, upon their sight.
but i am not about to describe it: reader, do not be alarmed.
it is notin my province as a novel-writer, and i make it a rule, never tointerfere with anybody else, if i can avoid it.
captain hall, who hasalready _done_ north and south america, and loo choo, will, i have nodoubt, be here by-and-bye, taking africa in his way: and as i can makeup my three volumes of fiction without trespassing upon his matter offact, i refer you to his work when it appears, for a description of thisgorgeous monument of rapine, this painted sepulchre of crime.
the unwieldy elephant,  to make them mirth, used all his might, and wreathed  his lithe proboscis.
captain m--- remained but a few days at calcutta, where he perceivedlittle difference between the society and that of england, remarkingonly that the gentlemen were more hospitable, and the ladies drank morebeer.
but i am trespassing, notwithstanding my promise to the contrary,at the end of the last chapter.
i will therefore be off at once, beforei am decidedly guilty of a breach of faith.
the _aspasia's_ orders wereto join the admiral, who had quitted the bay of bengal, and proceeded tobombay, to avoid the monsoon, which was about to set in; and as therewas no time to be lost, captain m--- did not touch at madras, but madeall possible haste to gain the tranquil side of the peninsula.
thegovernor-general had requested that he would call at travancore, todeliver a letter and complimentary present to the reigning queen, whoheld her possessions tributary to our government.
the _aspasia_ anchored off the town, and was shortly afterwards boardedby one of the ministers of the queen, a venerable mussulman, who broughta boat-load of compliments and vegetables.
he was accompanied by one ortwo others, among whom was a very indifferent interpreter.
captainm---, who was anxious to join the admiral, excused himself on the pleaof ill health, from delivering the present and letter in person, andexpressed his wish to the deputy that he would take them in charge,stating, that his services were required elsewhere; he requested that ananswer to the letter might be sent on board as soon as possible.
thiswas explained through the interpreter, and captain m--- then inquiredwhat time would probably elapse before the answer would be sent.
thereply was, in a week, or ten days.
"ask him," said captain m---, "whether it cannot be sent to-morrowmorning, as i am anxious to proceed?"
after an exchange of several sentences between the interpreter and thedeputy, who observed the most imperturbable gravity, the former repliedto captain m---.
"he say no, sar.
little people, like you and me, write letter veryquick, all in one minute.
great people, like king and queen, notpossible write letter less than week or ten day.
not fashion thiscountry, sar."
the presents being placed in the boat, and the letter presented on asilver salver, the deputy made a low salaam, and departed.
captainm---, aware that all attempts to hasten them would be useless, made nofurther remarks on the subject.
the next morning the same gravepersonage came on board, attended by the interpreter and his suite, withmany compliments from their royal mistress, who had sent a present forthe captain.
during the time of the delivery and interpretation of themessage, the natives, who rowed in his boat, handed up a large blackmonkey, with a long white beard extending over his chin and shoulders.
the animal, who did not seem well pleased with his change of situation,and who was naturally of a vicious temperament, flew round and round thelength of his tether, catching at the trousers of the sailors with hispaws and teeth, and using the latter without the least ceremony.
"queen say, sar--many compliments, and tell you it very _high caste_monkey--very _high caste_, indeed, sar,--very fine present, sar."
"it may be," observed captain m--- to the first-lieutenant; "but i wishshe had saved herself the trouble.
i must not refuse it; and what canwe do with the brute?"
"it will amuse the men, sir; he seems to have plenty of devil in him."
roared prose, "i do declare he has bit a piece out of my leg.
high caste, indeed.
i should like to give him a _high cast_ overboard."
"really, prose, that's not so bad," observed seymour.
"jerry wascorrect in his assertion that you had plenty of wit, only it requiredstrong measures to extract it from you."
"queen say, sar, write letter in five or six days, and say, supposecaptain saib and officers come on shore, order everybody go hunt tiger:queen tell people make everything proper.
very fine tiger hunt, sar."
captain m---, who was convinced that he must patiently await their owntime, did not expostulate at the delay.
not wishing to avail himself ofthe offer, he requested the officers would consider themselves atliberty to accept the invitation, which was intended as a compliment,and therefore ought not to be refused.
a large party was formed, who, on the ensuing day, accompanied by thedeputy and his suite, and provided with fowling-pieces and muskets,landed at the town, where they were received by a few tom-toms, and somehundreds of spectators.
on their arrival at a house which had beenprepared for their reception, they found a splendid breakfast awaitingthem, to which they did as ample justice as a celebrated traveller tothat which welcomed him at new york, although they did not, like him,revel to satiety, by plunging into oceans of tea and coffee.
again the talents of the interpreter were called into action, to explainthe reason why her majesty could not receive them, which he did bylaying his hand across what medical men would term the abdominal region(or, as mrs ramsbottom would have said, "her abominable region") andinforming them that the queen was not well there.
the party required nofurther explanation.
they expressed their regrets, finished theirbreakfast, and then stated themselves ready to proceed.
"game not come yet, sar--game not come till to-morrow."
"well, then, we must go to it," replied courtenay.
"ah, gentleman not understand shoot in this country," continued theinterpreter, who then, with some difficulty, contrived to make themunderstand that about four thousand men had been summoned to drive thegame close to the town, and that, to ensure a sufficiency of sport, thesweep which they had taken was so great, that they would not close intill the next morning.
he added, that as, perhaps, they would like tosee the jungle to which the game was to be driven, horses and elephantshad been prepared, and refreshments would be provided at any spot wherethey might wish to alight.
macallan, who had provided himself with his hammers, and otherimplements requisite in the pursuit of his favourite sciences,mineralogy and geology, was not sorry for the delay, and the remainderof the party were satisfied with the idea of a pleasant excursion.
previous to their setting off; a variety of performers were ordered into amuse them with feats of juggling and address, which would have beenacknowledged, if seen in england, to have far surpassed those of thecelebrated ramoo samee and his associates.
amongst the rest, themajestic attitudes of the dancing snakes particularly attracted theattention of macallan, who expressed to the interpreter his wish toprocure one of the species (the famed cobra di capella), with the fangsnot extracted.
the interpreter, after a few words with the deputy,informed the doctor, with his usual politeness, "that all the snakes inthe country were at the service of the gentleman; but take care not letbite, because very high caste snake."
"what do they mean by calling the animals of the country high caste?"
inquired seymour of macallan.
"i thought it was a term only applied tothe brachmins and rajahpoots."
"both the monkey and the snake are indirectly worshipped by thesepeople," replied the doctor, "as their supposed deities are representedto have assumed these forms.
the more vicious, or the more venomous,the higher they rank.
the cobra di capella is, i believe, the mostvenomous serpent that exists."
"i do declare that that monkey deserves his rank," observed prose.
"ican hardly walk, as it is."
"well, but you can ride, prose, and here are the horses."
the horses, with three elephants, two with howdahs on their backs, andthe other loaded with a large tent, were now paraded before the door;each horse was attended by his syce, or groom, who never quitted him,but fanned away the flies with a chowry, or whisk, formed of a horse'stail.
they were beautiful animals, but much too spirited for some ofthe party, who felt alarm at the very anticipation of the difficultythey would have in retaining their seats.
prose, who had never been twice in his life on the back of any animal,was in sad trepidation; he looked first at the horses, who were plungingand rearing in the hands of the syces, who could with difficultyrestrain their impatience, and then at the elephants, whose stupendoussize, flourishing probosces, projecting tusks, and small, keen eyes,equally filled him with dismay.
"i do declare," observed prose, affecting an extra limp, "my leg is verybad.
"come, come, mr prose, no hauling off; no leg-bail, if you please,"said courtenay, who, with seymour, was already mounted, upon a spiritedarabian; "take your choice--but go you must."
"well, then, if i must, which would you advise me to take?"
"take a horse," said seymour, laughing; "of two evils always choose theleast."
"take an elephant, mr prose," cried courtenay; "his size is double, buthe'll give you less trouble."
"why, that's a rhyme, i do declare; but how shall i get upon his back?"
he'll take you up in his trunk, and put you on."
"indeed he shall not," cried prose, retreating some paces; "i say, mrinterpreter, how am i to get on the top of that great beast?"
"as you please, sar.
suppose you like get up before, he lift up his legfor you to climb up.
suppose you like to get up behind, he not saynothing.
suppose you wish go up his middle, you ab ladder."
"well, then, mr interpreter, i shall feel very much obliged to you fora ladder."
a ladder was brought.
prose, and macallan, with his implements,ascended to the howdah, fixed on the back of the enormous brute.
theremainder of the party being ready, they set off; accompanied by thedeputy, the interpreter, and several other handsomely attired natives,who, out of compliment to the officers, had been ordered to attend them.
the country, like most parts of india near to the coast, consisted ofpaddy or rice fields, under water, diversified with intersecting patchesof jungle and high trees.
occasionally they passed a deeper pool, wherethe buffaloes, with only their horns and tips of their noses to be seen,lay, with the whole of their enormous carcasses hid under the muddywater, to defend themselves from the attacks of the mosquitoes, and thepowerful rays of the sun.
"look at the buffaloes, prose."
i can't see any.
i never saw a buffalo in my life.
it's like an ox, an't it?"
"it's very like a whale," replied courtenay.
at this moment one of the herd, startled at the near approach of thecavalcade, rose from the stagnant pool, where he had been lying, andpresented his immense carcass, covered with mud, to prose's wonderingeyes.
"lord, molly, what a fish!"
exclaimed courtenay, with affected surprise,alluding to an old standing naval joke.
"now, is that a fish?"
cried prose, a little alarmed.
"well, i dodeclare!
i say, mr interpreter, what is that thing?"
"call him buffalo, sar."
"well, i do declare!
i always thought that buffaloes were animals thatlived on shore."
"nothing like travelling, mr prose," observed courtenay; "you'll know abuffalo, now, if ever you happen to hook one, when you are fishing outof the fore-chains."
"and you'll remember a high-caste monkey, if ever you meet with oneagain," added seymour.
"that i shall, all the days of my life."
the country, as they proceeded inland, materially altered its features.
forests of large trees and fragments of rocks met their view, instead ofthe paddy-fields, which they had left behind; and macallan now wished todescend, that he might collect geological specimens.
explaining hisreasons, he desired the interpreter to order the elephant to stop.
"suppose gentleman want stones, elephant give them," replied theinterpreter; "no occasion for saib to get off;" and explaining thedoctor's wishes to the conductor of the elephant, the knowledge of whichoccasioned a laugh among the natives, who could not conceive why thedoctor should want the stones, he continued, "now, sar, you point anystone you want."
the doctor did so; and the conductor, speaking to the elephant, theproboscis of the sagacious animal immediately handed up the one pointedout, to his conductor, who passed it to macallan.
for more than an hour the doctor amused himself with breaking andexamining the different specimens presented to him, until he passed byan isolated mass, whose component parts, glittering in the sun, made himanxious to obtain a specimen.
it was a large rock, about the size ofsix elephants, and the doctor pointed to it.
interrupted the interpreter; "elephant very strong beast, butno lift that."
"i did not imagine that he would, but i must dismount to examine it,"replied macallan, gravely, who was absorbed in his scientific pursuits.
the elephant stopped; and the doctor, not aware of the great height,attempted to slip down his side; he succeeded in reaching the ground,not exactly on his feet, to the great amusement of the party.
regardless of trifles, when in pursuit of science, he desired prose tothrow him down his bag of implements, and proceeded to the object of hisinvestigation, which appeared to him so peculiar, that he requested theothers to continue their excursion, and leave him to be picked up ontheir return.
like stop this place?"
said the interpreter.
"yes," replied the doctor.
"do you really intend to remain here?"
"i do: it is a very remarkable specimen of cinnamon-stone, and i mustprocure some of it if possible."
"well, i do declare!"
said prose: "i thought cinnamon grew upon trees.
doctor, i should like to stay with you, for this beast does shake me so,i'm quite sore--and i've such a stitch in my side."
prose accordingly prepared to descend, and was recommended by theinterpreter to slide down by the hind leg of the animal.
"he won't kick, will he?"
"elephant no kick, sar," and prose descended in safety, while theremainder of the party continued their excursion.
the doctor walked several times round the rock, to find a point uponwhich he would be able to make some impression with his implements; butthe fragment, which had probably remained there since the deluge,without having been honoured by a visit from a naturalist, was wornquite smooth by time, and presented no acute angle, within reach, uponwhich his hammer could make any impression; nor could he climb it for itrose from its base in almost a perpendicular line.
the more hescrutinised, the more anxious was he to obtain specimens, and hedetermined to blast the rock.
being prepared with a couple of shortcrowbars, and a flask of gunpowder, he fixed upon a corner, whichappeared more assailable than the rest, and commenced his laboriousoccupation.
"can i assist you, mr macallan?"
"you can, indeed, mr prose.
now, observe; continue driving the end ofthe crowbar straight into this hole until you have made it about nine orten inches deep; that will be sufficient.
i will make another on theother side."
prose commenced his labour, and, for a few minutes, worked with dueemphasis; but he soon found out that he had volunteered to a mostfatiguing task.
he stopped, at last, for want of breath.
"well, mr prose," inquired the doctor, from the other side of the rock,observing that he had ceased from his labour, "how do you get on?"
"i wish to heaven i had never got off;" muttered prose, "for this isworse than the elephant."
but the doctor was an enthusiast, a description of person who nevertires, and he judged of others by himself.
"how far have you got now, mr prose?"
"oh--i think i have got an inch and a half good," answered prose, quiteexhausted.
exclaimed macallan; "why, you must work harder, or we nevershall blast it."
"i have been _blasting_ it in my heart," thought prose, "for these lastten minutes," and he resumed his labour.
"you know nothing of mineralogy?"
inquired the doctor, after a silenceof a few minutes.
"this is my first lesson, doctor," answered prose, out loud; andmuttering in continuation, "i do declare it shall be the last."
"it's a very amusing study," continued macallan; "but, like most others,rather dry at first."
"anything but dry," thought prose, wiping his face with hishandkerchief.
"i shall be happy to give you any information in my power," saidmacallan; "but you must be attentive--nothing is to be obtained withoutlabour."
"i'm sure mineralogy is not," retorted prose, throwing down his crowbarfrom exhaustion.
fortunately for prose, by the directions of the interpreter, the baggageelephant who carried the tent, and the natives accompanying it, nowhalted opposite to the rock, on the side where prose was, for the wishexpressed by macallan to remain there had been construed by theinterpreter as a selection of the place where the refreshments should beprepared.
one of the natives, perceiving what prose was about when hethrew away the crowbar, offered his assistance, which was readilyaccepted, and the labour was continued.
"well, mr prose, how do you get on now?"
"don't you find it very warm?"
continued macallan, who stopped to wipethe streams of perspiration from his own face.
"oh, no," answered prose, chuckling.
"well, i do, i can assure you," answered the doctor, who, not wishing toshow symptoms of flagging while prose was working so hard, recommencedhis labour.
another quarter of an hour, and the doctor was quite exhausted; wishingfor an excuse to leave off himself, he called again to prose--"an't you tired, mr prose?"
"not the least, doctor."
"oh, but you must be--you had better rest yourself a little."
"thank you, but i'm not the least tired."
another five minutes.--"well, mr prose, i really give you great creditfor your perseverance.
let me see how deep you are," said macallan, whocould find no other excuse for being the first to abandon his task.
but prose, who was not exactly a fool, determined not to lose his creditwith the doctor--pushing aside the native, he took the crowbar from him,and before the doctor had walked round, was again hard at work.
"upon my honour i give you great credit," observed the panting macallan,as he witnessed the effects of the labour.
"but," observed prose, "why should we work this way when there are aparcel of black fellows doing nothing?
here, i say, you chap, come andpunch here," continued he, pointing the crowbar to the native, whoimmediately resumed his labour.
"you call another, mr macallan, andmake him work for you."
"well thought of; mr prose," answered the doctor, and another nativebeing put in requisition, in less than an hour the rock was perforatedto the depth required, without the least appearance of fatigue, or evenheat upon the skins of the temperate hindoos.
in the meantime the tentwas erected, the mats and carpets spread, the fires lighted, and therepast preparing by the cooks who were in attendance.
the doctor, whowas absorbed in his views, heeded it not, and had just finished thecharging and priming of the rock when the cavalcade returned from theirexcursion.
"well, doctor, how do you get on?"
"oh, i'm all ready, and you had better remove to a little distance, asi'm about to fire my trains."
"fire your trains!--why, what have you been about?"
"i am going to blast the rock."
"the devil you are--then i'm off;" cried courtenay, who, with seymour,retreated from the well-known effects of gunpowder.
the natives who accompanied them also retired, although not aware of thenature of the operation.
the interpreter understood "gentlemen makefireworks," and reported accordingly.
the doctor lighted his matches and withdrew, followed by prose, whoforgot his limp upon this occasion.
the mines exploded, splitting largefragments from the rock, and shaking it from its base.
exclaimed the doctor who, as soon as the smoke had clearedaway, ran up, and was in ecstasies at the variety and brilliancy of thespecimens which were now exposed to his eager view.
but in his enthusiasm the doctor quite overlooked the mischief which hehad occasioned.
one large fragment had struck the tent to the ground;others had scattered the cooking utensils, with their contents, andwounded the unfortunate cooks; while the affrighted elephant hadcompleted the demolition by trotting over the whole, his trunk raisedhigh in the air, uttering shrill cries, and regardless of theadmonitions of his conductor.
all was confusion and dismay.
the natives when they witnessed the damage were astonished.
a longconsultation took place between them, as to what the doctor meant; atlast it was decided by the grave deputy that it was intended as acompliment to them--for all fireworks were compliments in that country.
they therefore salaamed with great good humour: but the english knewbetter, and commenced a violent attack on macallan, who was stillabsorbed in collecting specimens, and quite unconscious of the mischiefwhich he had created.
"you've not only destroyed our dinner," continued courtenay, "but you'vekilled three cooks, and wounded seven more."
"is it possible!"
cried macallan, with dismay, throwing away hisspecimens with as much haste as he had seized upon them, and running inthe direction of the men reported to be hurt.
fortunately for his peaceof mind, courtenay's list of killed was all invention, and the woundedwere reduced to _two_, which the doctor conscientiously reported underthe head of _slightly_.
there was no help but to proceed to town, and wait until another repastcould be provided.
this was soon done, and the interpreter, with adouble salaam, informed the doctor, that "if gentleman wish, blow upanother tent, deputy have one ready for him next day."
"well, now, i do declare these people are very polite," observed prose;"but i hope that if you do, doctor, you will not make me a party to it.
i would never have punched so hard at that hole if i thought that it wasto have blown up my own dinner."
"you're right, mr prose," answered courtenay.
"the doctor did nottreat us according to the scriptures.
we asked for bread, and he gaveus a stone--rather annoying too, after a long ride.
but, however, asthe game is to come to us tomorrow, we had better be up early to receiveit in due form--so good night."
now shall ye see  our roman hunting.
never did i hear  such gallant chiding; for besides the groves,  the skies, the fountains, ev'ry region near  seem'd all one mutual cry.
i never heard  so musical a discord, such sweet thunder!
at an early hour, courtenay and his companions started with theirattendants for the scene of action.
several elephants, as well ashorses, had been provided, that the officers might mount them when theyarrived, and fire from their backs with more deliberate aim.
in lessthan two hours they reached the spot which they had surveyed the daybefore.
the game, which had been driven from jungle to jungle for manymiles round, was now collected together in one large mass of underwoodand low trees, three sides of which were surrounded by the natives, whohad been employed in the service, and who had been joined by manyhundreds from the town and neighbouring villages.
as soon as the partyarrived, those who were on horseback dismounted, took their stationsupon the howdahs of the elephants, and collected at the corner of thatside of the jungle at which the animals were to be driven out.
thescene was one of the most animating and novel description.
forty orfifty of the superior classes of natives, mounted upon fiery arabians,with their long, glittering boar-spears in their hands, and above onehundred on foot, armed with muskets, surrounded the elephants upon whichthe officers were stationed.
the people who were waiting round thejungle, silent themselves, and busy in checking the noise and impatienceof the dogs, held in leashes, whose deep baying was occasionallyanswered by a low growl from the outskirts of the wood, now received theorder to advance.
shouts and yells, mixed with the barking of the dogs,were raised in deafening clamour on every side.
the jungle, whichcovered a space of fifteen or twenty acres, and which had hithertoappeared but slightly tenanted, answered as if endued with life, bywaving its boughs and rustling its bushes in every direction, althoughthere was nothing to be seen.
as they advanced, beating with their long poles, and preserving astraight and compact line, through which nothing could escape, so didthe jungle before them increase its motion; and soon the yells ofthousands of men were answered by the roars and cries of thousands ofbrute animals.
it was not, however, until the game had been driven sonear to the end of the jungle at which the hunters were stationed, anduntil they were huddled together so close that it could no longercontain them, that they unwillingly abandoned it.
the most timorous,the rabbit and the hare, and all the smaller tribes, first broke cover,and were allowed to pass unnoticed; but they were soon followed by thewhole mass, who, as if by agreement among themselves, had determined atonce to decide their fate.
crowded in incongruous heaps, without any distinction of species or ofhabits, now poured out the various denizens of the woods--deer in everyvariety, locking their horns in their wild confusion; the fiercewild-boars, bristling in their rage; the bounding leopards; the swiftantelope, of every species; the savage panthers; jackals, and foxes, andall the screaming and shrieking infinities of the monkey tribe.
occasionally, amongst the dense mass could be perceived the hugeboa-constrictor, rolling in convolutions--now looking back with fieryeyes upon his pursuers, now precipitating his flight--while the air wasthronged with its winged tenants, wildly screaming, and occasionallydropping down dead with fear.
to crown the whole, high in the expanse,a multitude of vultures appeared, almost stationary on the wing, waitingfor their share of the anticipated slaughter.
and as the beasts threwdown and rolled over each other in their mad career, you might havefancied from the universal terror which prevailed, that it was a day ofjudgment to which the inhabitants had been summoned.
it was not a day of mercy.
the slaughter commenced; shot after shotlaid them in the dust, while the natives, on their arabians, chargedwith their spears into the thickest of the crowd, regardless of the riskwhich they encountered from the muskets of other parties.
the baying ofthe large dogs, who tore down their victims, the din occasionallyincreased by the contention and growls of the assailed, the yells of thenatives, and the shrill cries of the elephants, raised, in obedience totheir conductors, to keep the more ferocious animals at a distance,formed a scene to which no pen can do justice.
in a few minutes all wasover; those who had escaped were once more hid, panting, in theneighbouring jungles, while those who had fallen covered the ground, inevery direction, and in every variety.
"very fine tiger-hunt, sar," observed the interpreter to courtenay, withexultation.
"very fine indeed: seymour, this is something like a battue.
what wouldsome of your english sportsmen have given to have been here?
but,interpreter, i don't see any tigers."
no, sar, no great tiger in this country.
said the man, pointing with his finger to a prostrate leopard.
such is the case--the regal bengal tiger, as well as his rival the lion,admits of no copartnership in his demesnes.
on the banks of theimpetuous rivers of india, he ranges, alone, the jungles which supplyhis wants, and permits them not to be poached by inferior sportsmen.
basking his length in the sun and playing about his graceful tail, heprohibits the intrusion of the panther or the leopard.
his majesticcompeer seems to have entered into an agreement with him, that theyshall not interfere with each other's manorial rights, and where youfind the royal tiger, you need not dread the presence of the lion.
eachhas established his dominion where it has pleased him, both respectingeach other, and leaving the rest of the world to be preyed upon by theirinferiors.
"well, prose, how many did you kill?"
"why, to tell you the truth, seymour, i never fired my musket.
i was soastonished and so frightened that i could not; i never believed thatthere were so many beasts in the whole universe."
"i am convinced," observed macallan, "that i saw an animal hithertoundescribed--i fired at it, but an antelope bounded by as i pulled mytrigger, and received the ball--i never regretted anything so much in mylife.
did you see it?"
"i saw a number of most indescribable animals," replied courtenay; "butlet us descend, and walk over the field of slaughter."
the party dismounted, and for some time amused themselves with examiningthe variety of the slain.
the deer and antelopes were the mostplentiful; but, on enumeration, nine panthers and leopards, and fifteenwild-boars, headed the list.
prose and seymour were walking side byside, when they perceived a monkey sitting on the ground, with a mostpitiful face; it was of a small variety, with a long tail; it made noeffort to escape as they approached it, but on the contrary appeared tocourt their notice, by looking at them with a melancholy air, anduttering loud cries, as if in pain.
"poor little fellow," said seymour, apostrophising the animal, "it looksas if it were a rational being.--where are you hurt?"
the monkey, as if it were a rational being, looked down at one of hishind legs, and put his finger into the wound where the ball had entered.
"well, now, i do declare," said prose, "but the poor beast understandsyou."
seymour examined the leg without any resistance on the part of themonkey, who continued to look first at the wound, and then in theirfaces, as if to say, "why did you do it?"
"macallan, come here," ejaculated seymour, "and see if you can assistthis poor little fellow."
macallan came up, and examined the wound.
"i think it will recover; thebone is not broken, and no vital part is touched.
we'll bandage it up,and take him home."
"how very like a human being it is," observed courtenay; "it appearsonly to want speech--it's really excessively annoying."
"rather mortifying to our pride, i grant," replied macallan.
"that's exactly what i mean."
seymour tore up his handkerchief for bandages, and the monkey wasconsigned to the care of a native.
(_par parenthese_, it eventuallyrecovered; and from the peculiarity of its history, and the request ofseymour, was allowed by captain m--- to remain on board of the frigate,where it became a great favourite.
high caste, on the contrary,disappeared a few days after his reception, having been thrown overboardby some of the people that he had bitten, and captain m--- made noinquiries after him.
so much for the two monkeys.)
by this time the natives had collected the game, which was carried inprocession before the officers.
the leopards and panthers, which theyskinned and rudely stuffed with grass, in an incredibly short time,leading the procession, followed by the wild boars, deer, and antelopes,each carried between two men, slung under bamboos, which rested on theirshoulders.
the procession having passed in review before them,continued its course to the town, followed by crowds of people who hadcome out to join the sport.
"gentlemen, like dine here?"
inquired the interpreter--"soon make dinnerready, but no ab tent."
"thanks to _you_, doctor, they won't trust us with another.
i vote wedine here; for i am hungry enough to eat a buffalo, without anchovysauce--eh, mr prose?
let us dine under yon acacia, on the littlemount.
there is a fine breeze blowing, and plenty of shade from thetree."
courtenay's proposal was agreed to, and the interpreter gave thedirections.
he then told the doctor, that if saib wished to seesnake-man, he come now, and bring very fine snake.
the man made his appearance, holding in his hand a small earthen chatty,or pot, in which he had confined the snake, covered over with a linenrag.
he exchanged a few sentences with the interpreter, who explainedthat "man not afraid of bite of snake, and if gentleman give him rupee,he let snake bite him--man eat herb, same as little beast that killsnake."
"oh, that plant that the ichneumon resorts to when bitten," exclaimedmacallan.
"this will be a most curious fact, and i must witness it.
interpreter, tell him that i will reward him handsomely."
"how does he catch the snakes?"
"blow little pipe, sar," replied the interpreter, pointing to a smallreed, perforated with five or six holes, suspended by a string to theman's neck; "snake like music."
he then proceeded to explain the manner of taking the snakes, which waseffected by lying down close to the hole where the snake was, and byplaying a few soft notes with the pipe.
the snake, attracted by thesound, puts his head out of the hole, and is immediately firmly graspedby the neck, by which he is held until his fangs are extracted, byjerking them out with a piece of rag, held for him to bite at.
"strange," observed courtenay, "that snakes should be fond of music, andstill stranger that people should have discovered it."
"and yet it has long been known--perhaps, from time immemorial,"answered macallan.
"the comparisons of scripture are all derived fromeastern scenery and eastern customs.
do you not recollect the words ofthe psalmist, who compareth the wicked to the deaf adder, who `will notharken to the voice of the charmer, charm he never so wisely'?"
"i recollect it now," answered courtenay; "from which i infer, that assnakes are not caught for nothing, they danced before king solomon."
"perhaps they did, or at least in his time."
the man carefully removed the cloth from the top of the chatty, andwatching his opportunity, seized the snake by the neck, who immediatelywound itself round his arm.
holding it in that position, he rapidlychewed leaves which he had wrapped in the cloth which encircled hisloins.
after having laid a heap of the masticated leaves near him, heswallowed a large quantity, and then applied the head of the snake tohis left ear, which the animal immediately bit so as to draw blood.
itwas a cobra di capella of the largest size, being nearly six feet long.
as soon as the snake had bitten him, he replaced it in the chatty, andat the same time that he continued to swallow the leaves, rubbed thewounded part with some of the heap which he had masticated, and laiddown beside him.
there was a silence, and a degree of painful anxiety, on the part of thespectators, during the process.
the man appeared to be sick and giddy,and lay down, but gradually recovered, and making a low salaam, receivedhis largess, handed the snake, in the chatty, to macallan, and departed.
"a most curious fact--an excessively curious fact," observed the doctor,putting up his tablets, and a handful of the leaves, which he had takenthe precaution to obtain.
"now, gentlemen, dinner all ready," observed the interpreter.
the dinner had been spread out on the little mount pointed out bycourtenay.
it rose, isolated from the plain, to the height of aboutthirty feet, with a steep and regular ascent on every side.
the summitwas flat, and in the centre the acacia waved its graceful and pendentflowers to the breeze, each moment altering the position of the brightspot of sunshine, which pierced through its branches, and reflected onthe grass beneath.
the party (consisting of the officers of the ship,the grave deputy, and his immediate suite, about fifteen in number),whose appetites were keen from their morning exercise and excitement,gladly hailed the summons, and seating themselves in a circle round theviands, which were spread under the tree, crossed their legs, after themahometan custom, and made a furious attack upon the provender.
macallan, to secure his newly-acquired treasure, hung the chatty, by itsstring, upon one of the long thorns of the acacia, and then took hisseat with the rest.
ample justice having been done to what had beenplaced before them, mirth and good-humour prevailed.
courtenay had justpersuaded the grave old deputy to break through the precepts of hisreligion, and partake of the forbidden cup, in the shape of a tumbler ofmadeira, when the chatty, which the doctor had suspended aloft, by theconstant waving of the tree to the wind, worked off the thorn, andfalling down in the very centre of the circle, smashed into atoms, andthe cobra di capella met their gaze, reared upon the very tip of histail, his hood expanded to the utmost in his wrath, hissing horribly,and darting out his forked tongue,--wavering, among the many, upon whomfirst to dart.
never was a convivial party so suddenly dispersed.
for one, and but onemoment, they were all paralysed; no one attempted to get up and runaway--then, as if by a simultaneous thought, they all threw themselvesback, tossing their heels over their heads, and continuing theireccentric career.
mussulmen and europeans all tumbled backwards, heelsover heads, down the descent, diverging in every point of the compass,until they reached their respective situations at the bottom of themount; while the cobra di capella still remained in his menacingattitude, as if satisfied with the universal homage paid to his dreadfulpowers.
they all recovered their legs (as they had gained the bottom of thehill) about the same time.
courtenay and seymour, now that the dangerwas over, were convulsed with laughter--macallan in amazement--prose,with his eyes starting out of his head, uttering his usual "i dodeclare"--the deputy as grave as ever--and the remainder, fortunately,more frightened than they were hurt.
one of the native servants put an end to the scene, by reascending thehill with a long bamboo, with which he struck the animal to the ground,and subsequently despatched him.
by this time all had recovered fromtheir alarm, and in a few minutes their seats were resumed.
the doctor,who was vexed at the loss of his snake, commenced an examination of thebody, and was still more mortified to find that the wily hindoo haddeceived him, the venomous fangs having been already extracted.
"it is positively a fact," observed he to courtenay, in ill-humour, "hehas cheated me."
"a most curious fact," replied courtenay, shrugging up his shoulders,and lowering the corners of his mouth.
"now, macallan, what's the useof your memoranda about time of biting, appearance of patient, etcetera?
allow, for once, that there are some things which are `excessivelyannoying.'"
the party soon after remounted, and proceeded to the town.
the nextmorning they repaired on board, and the queen having, at last, concoctedthe letter of thanks, the _aspasia_ weighed, and proceeded to bombay.
an you like a _ready_ knave, here is one of most approved convenience:  he will cheat you moreover to your heart's content.
if you believe me  not, try him.
_the colony, 1635_.
the _aspasia_ continued her passage with light but favourable winds.
asthe ship made but little progress, captain m--- stood into goa bay, ashe passed by that relic of former grandeur and prosperity--alas!
likethe people who raised it, how fallen from its "high estate."
the townstill covers the same vast extent of ground; the churches still reartheir heads above the other buildings in their beautiful proportions;the palace of the inquisition still lours upon you in its fanaticalgloom and massive iron bars.
but where is the wealth, the genius, theenterprise, the courage, and religious enthusiasm which raised thesemajestic piles?
a scanty population, of mixed hindoo and portugueseblood, or of half-converted indians, are the sole occupiers of this oncesplendid city of the east.
read the history of the moors when in spain,their chivalry, and their courage, their learning and advancement in thearts,--and now view their degraded posterity on the african coast.
reflect upon the energy and perseverance of the spaniards, at the timewhen they drove out those conquerors of their country after a struggleof so many years--their subsequent discovery and possession of a westernworld--and behold them now.
turn to the portuguese, who, setting anexample of perseverance and activity to the nations of europe, invessels in which we should now think it almost insanity to make theattempt, forced their passage round the stormy cape, undeterred bydisasters or by death, and grasped the empire of the east.
what arethey in the scale of nations now?
how rapid these transitions!
two hundred years have scarcely rolledaway--other nations, with the fabrics they have raised, have beenprecipitated to the dust; but they have departed, full of years, and menand things have run their race together.
but here, the last in alltheir splendour, while the energies of the former have decayed, remain;and where have we a more melancholy picture of humanity, either in anindividual or in a nation, than when we survey the body that hasoutlived the mind?
since the world began, history is but the narrative of kingdoms andstates progressing to maturity or decay.
man himself is but an epitomeof the nations of men.
in youth, all energy; in prime of life, allenterprise and vigour; in senility, all weakness and second childhood.
then, england, learn thy fate from the unerring page of time.
sooner orlater, it shall arrive that thou shalt be tributary to some nation,hitherto, i trust, unborn; and thy degenerate sons shall read thatliberty was once the watchword of the isle, and yet not even feel alonging to be free.
as the _aspasia_ lay nearly becalmed at the entrance of the harbour, asmall boat, rowed by two men, pulled towards her, and the occupant ofthe stern-sheets, as he came alongside, stated, in bad english, that hebrought "present for captain," and was allowed to come up the side bythe first-lieutenant, who was on deck.
he was a native friar, anddisgusting as the dress is, when worn by an european in a northernclime, it appeared still more so, enveloping a black under the torridzone.
he carried a little covered basket in his hand, and stated thathe had been sent by the superior of the convent, which he pointed to, onthe headland at the mouth of the harbour.
the first-lieutenant wentdown into the cabin, and reported to the captain.
observed captain m---; "i hope it is not a monkey.
`_timeodanaos et dona ferentes_.'"
the first-lieutenant, who had forgotten his latin, made no answer, butreturned on deck, where he was shortly after followed by captain m---.
the sable votary of st. francis made his bow, and opening the lid of hisbasket, pulled out a cabbage with a long stalk and four or five flaggingleaves, but no heart to it.
"superior send present to inglez capitown."
and having laid it carefully on the carronade slide, fumbled in hispocket for some time, and eventually produced a dirty sheet of paper, onwhich, written in execrable english, was a petition to assist the wantsof the convent.
"i expected as much," observed captain m---, smiling, as he ran over theridiculous wording of the petition.
"desire the purser's steward to getup a bag of biscuit, and put into the boat."
the bread was handed on the gangway, when the friar, observing it, wentup to the captain, and said, "superior like rum, sar; suppose you norum, then like money."
"perhaps he may," replied captain m---; "but it is against my rules togive the first, and if i recollect right, against those of your order toreceive the second."
finding that nothing more was to be obtained, the friar was about todepart, when, perceiving the cabbage lying unnoticed where he haddeposited it, he observed--"capitown, non quer cabbage--not want?"
"not particularly," replied captain m---, surveying it with rather acontemptuous smile.
"then take it ashore, plant it again--do for 'nother ship;" and hereplaced the present in his basket, made his bow, and departed.
reader, cabbages are scarce articles in india.
i have seen them atpondicherry, growing in flower-pots, as curious exotics.
two days afterwards, the _aspasia_ came to an anchor at bombay, andhaving saluted the admiral, captain m--- went on shore to pay hisrespects in person.
the ship was soon crowded with a variety of people,who came off to solicit the washing, etcetera, of the officers.
thegun-room officers had just finished their dinner, and the cloth had beenremoved, when our friend billy pitts entered, introducing a slimpersonage, attired in a robe of spotless white, with the dark turbanpeculiar to the parsees, and bringing in his hand a small basket offruit.
"massa courtenay, here mulatta fellow want to speak to officers.
callhimself dubash--look in dictionary, and no such word in englishlanguage."
"it means a washerman, i suppose," observed price.
"no, sir," answered the man for himself, with a graceful bow, "not awasherman, but at same time get all your clothes washed.
dubash go tomarket, supply gentlemen with everything they want--run everywhere forthem--bring off meat and fish, and everything else--everybody havedubash here--i dubash to all the ships come here--got very goodcertificate, sir," continued the parsee, drawing a thin book from hisvest, and presenting it to courtenay with a low bow.
"well, mr dubash, let us see what your character may be," saidcourtenay, opening the book.
"yes, sir, you please to read them, and i go speak to young gentlemen,before other dubash come on board; i bring gentlemen little fruit," andlaying the basket respectfully on the table, with another low salaam theman quitted the gun-room.
courtenay read for a minute, and then burst into a fit of laughter.
"very good certificates, indeed," observed he, "only hear--"first.--this is to certify, that hommajee baba served the gun-room messof his majesty's ship _flora_, and cheated us most damnably.
"signed peter hicks, 1st lieut.
"jonas smith, purser.
"second.--hommajee baba served me as dubash during my stay in this port.
he is a useful fellow, but a great scoundrel.
i gave him one half ofhis bill, and he was perfectly satisfied.
i recommend others to do thesame.
"signed andrew thompson, company's ship _clio_.
"third.--i perfectly agree with the above remarks; but as all the otherdubashes are as great thieves, and not half so intelligent, iconscientiously recommend hommajee baba.
"signed peter phillips, captain honbl.
company's cruiser _vestal_.
"fourth.--of all the scoundrels that i ever had to deal with, in thismost rascally quarter of a most knavish world, hommajee baba is thegreatest.
never give him any money, as he will find it; but when you goaway, pay him one-third of his bill, and you will still have paid himtoo much.
"signed billy helflame, captain h.m.s.
about a dozen pages of the book were filled with certificates to theabove effect, which the dubash, although he spoke english fluently, notbeing able to read, considered as he had been informed at the time, tobe decidedly in his favour.
they were so far valuable, that they putnewcomers upon their guard, and prevented much extortion on the part ofthe said hommajee.
when the laughter had to a degree subsided, billy pitts was the first toexclaim--"damn black villain--i think so, when he come to me; not likecut of um jib--""`who steals my purse, steals trash,'" spouted price.
"'cause you never have money, mr price," cried billy, interrupting him.
"silence, sir,--`but he who filches from me my good name, robs me ofthat--of that--'""rob you of what, sar?"
"silence, sir," again cried price--"`robs me of that--' what is it?--that damned black thief has put it out of my head--""i not the thief, sar--massa price, you always forget end of yourstory."
"i'll make an end of you directly, sir, if you're not off."
don't kill billy," observed courtenay; "it's bad enough to havemurdered shakespeare.
well, but now, it's my opinion, that we ought toemploy this fellow--and take the advice that has been given to us inthis book."
courtenay's proposal was assented to, and on his return, hommajee babawas installed in office.
the next morning, seymour, courtenay, and macallan went on shore to meetan old acquaintance of the latter, who had called upon him on hisarrival.
by his advice they left the ship before the sun had risen,that they might be enabled to walk about, and view the town and itsenvirons, without being incommoded by the heat.
they reached the longplain close to the sea, upon which the admiral and many others,according to the custom of the english inhabitants, were residing incapacious tents; not such tents as have been seen in england, butimpervious to the heat and rain, covering a large extent of ground,divided into several apartments, and furnished like any other residence.
the broad expanse of ocean, which met their view, was unruffled, andthe beach was lined with hundreds, standing on their carpets, spreadupon the sand, with their faces turned toward the east.
as the sun rosein splendour above the horizon, they all prostrated themselves in muteadoration, and continued in that position until his disk had cleared thewater's edge; they then rose, and throwing a few flowers into therippling wave, folded up their carpets and departed.
"who are those people, and of what religion?"
"they are parsees, a remnant of the ancient persians--the guebres, orworshippers of fire.
as you have witnessed, they also adore the sun.
they came here long since to enjoy their tenets, free from persecution.
they are the most intelligent race that we have.
many of them wereprinces in their own country, and are now men of unbounded wealth.
theyhave their temples here, in which the sacred fire is never permitted togo out.
if, by any chance or negligence, it should become extinct, itmust be relighted from heaven alone.
we have no lightning here, andthey send to calcutta, where there is plenty at the change of themonsoon, and bring it round with great ceremony."
"in other points, are their customs different from the hindoos?"
"yes; their women are not so immured; you will meet plenty of them whenyou return to town.
they are easily distinguished by their faircomplexions, and the large thin gold rings, with three or four pearlsstrung upon them, worn in a hole perforated through the nostril, andhanging below their mouths."
"and what are those immense towers on the other side of the bay?"
"they were built by the parsees, as depositories for the dead; on thesummit is a wide iron grating, upon which the bodies are laid, to bedevoured by the birds of prey; when stripped, the bones fall through theiron bars into the receptacle below.
they never bury their dead.--butbreakfast must be ready, so we had better return.
you have much to seehere.
the caves of elephanta and canara are well worthy of yourattention--and i shall be happy to attend you, when you feel inclined topay a visit to them."
they did not fail to profit by the offer, and before the week had passedaway, they had witnessed those splendid monuments of superstition andidolatry.
the _aspasia_ received her orders, and hommajee baba, beingpaid the due proportion of his bill, received his certificate fromcourtenay, in the usual form, and so far from being affronted, requestedthe honour of being again employed in their services if ever they shouldreturn to bombay.
these are not foes  with whom it would be safe to strive in honour.
they will repay your magnanimity,  assassin-like, with secret stabs.
the strength of the monsoon had blown over, and captain m---, inpursuance of his orders, beat across the bay of bengal, for the straitsof sumatra, where he expected to fall in with some of the enemy'sprivateers, who obtained their supplies of water in that direction.
after cruising for six weeks without success, they fell in with an armedenglish vessel, who informed them that she had been chased by a largepirate proa, and had narrowly escaped--acquainting captain m--- with theislet from which she had sallied out in pursuit of them, and to whichshe had in all probability returned.
captain m---, naturally anxious to scour the seas of these cruelmarauders, who showed no quarter to those who had the misfortune to fallinto their hands, determined to proceed in quest of this vessel, andafter a week's unsuccessful reconnoitre of the various islets whichcover the seas in that quarter, one morning discovered her from themast-head, on his weather beam, sailing and rowing down towards thefrigate, to ascertain whether she was a vessel that she might venture toattack.
the _aspasia_ was disguised as much as possible, and the pirates wereinduced to approach within a distance of two miles, when, perceivingtheir mistake, they lowered their sails, and turning the head of theirvessel in the opposite direction, pulled away from the frigate, right inthe wind's eye.
the breeze freshened, and all possible sail was crowdedon the _aspasia_, to overtake them, and although, at the close of theday, they had not neared her much, the bright moon enabled them to keepthe vessel in view during the night.
early in the morning (the crewbeing probably exhausted from their incessant labour), she kept away forsome islets broad upon the _aspasia's_ weather bow, and came to ananchor in a small cove between the rocks, which sheltered her from theguns of the frigate.
captain m--- considered it his duty at all risks to destroy the proa;and, hoisting out the boats, he gave the command to hisfirst-lieutenant, with strict injunctions how to deal with suchtreacherous and ferocious enemies.
the launch was under repair at thetime, and could not be employed; but the barge, pinnace, and two cutterswere considered fully adequate to the service.
courtenay was second incommand, in the pinnace; seymour had charge of one cutter; and at hisown particular request, prose was entrusted with the other.
"i do declare, i think that i should like to go," observed prose, whenhe first heard that the vessel was to be cut out.
"why, you ought, prose," replied seymour; "you have never been onservice yet."
"no--and you and i are the only two passed midshipmen in the ship."
(seymour and prose had both passed their examination, when the _aspasia_was at bombay.)
"i think that i have a right to one of the boats."
so thought the first-lieutenant, when he made his application, and heobtained the command accordingly.
the boats shoved off as soon as the men had swallowed their breakfasts,and in less than an hour were but a short distance from the proa, whichproved to be one of the largest size.
a discharge of langrage from oneof the two long brass guns, mounted on her prow, flew amongst the boats,without taking effect.
a second discharge was more destructive, threeof the men in the boat which prose commanded being struck down bleedingunder the thwarts--the oars, which they had not relinquished their holdof when they fell, being thrown high up in air.
i say--all catching crabs together!"
"caught something worse than a crab, sir," replied thecoxswain--"wilson, are you much hurt?"
"the rascals have let daylight in, i'm afraid," answered the man,faintly.
"well, i do declare i'd no idea the poor fellows were wounded.
coxswain, take one of the oars, and i'll steer the boat, or we shallnever get alongside.
i say, mr jolly, can't you pull?"
"yes, sir, upon a pinch," answered the marine whom he addressed, layinghis musket on the stern-sheets, and taking one of the unmanned oars.
"well, there now, give way."
but the delay occasioned by this mishap had left the cutter far asternof the other boats, who, paying no attention to her, had pulledalongside, and boarded the vessel.
the conflict was short, from thesuperior numbers of the english, and the little difficulty in getting onboard of a vessel with so low a gunwale.
by the time that prose camealongside in the cutter, the pirates were either killed or had beendriven below.
prose jumped on the gunwale, flourishing his cutlass--from the gunwale he sprung on the deck, which was not composed ofplanks, as in vessels in general, but of long bamboos, running fore andaft, and lashed together with rattans; and as prose descended upon therounded surface, which happened where he alighted to be slippery withblood, his feet were thrown up, and he came down on the deck in asitting posture.
"capital jump, mr prose," cried courtenay; "but you have arrived toolate to shed your blood in your country's cause--very annoying, an'tit?"
"o lord!--o lord!--i do declare--oh--oh--oh!"
roared prose, attemptingto recover his feet, and then falling down again.
"good heavens, what's the matter, prose?"
cried seymour running to hisassistance.
"o lord!--o lord!--another--oh!"
--again cried prose making a half springfrom the deck, from which he was now raised by seymour, who againinquired what was the matter; prose could not speak--he pointed his handbehind him, and his head fell upon seymour's shoulder.
"he's wounded, sir," observed one of the men who had joined seymour,pointing to the blood, which ran from the trousers of prose in a littlerivulet.
"be quick, mr seymour, and get on the gunwale, or they'llhave you too."
the fact was, that the deck being composed of bamboos,as already described, one of the pirates below had passed his creesethrough the spaces between them into prose's body, when he came down ondeck in a sitting posture, and had repeated the blow when he failed torecover his feet after the first wound.
one of the seamen who had not provided himself with shoes now received asevere wound; and after prose had been handed into one of the boats, aconsultation was held as to the most eligible method of proceeding.
it was soon decided that it would be the extreme of folly to attack suchdesperate people below, where they would have a great advantage withtheir creeses over the cutlasses of the seamen; and as there appeared nochance of inducing them to come up, it was determined to cut the cables,and tow the vessel alongside of the frigate, who could sink her with abroadside.
the cables were cut, and a few men being left on board to guard thehatchways, the boats commenced towing out; but scarcely had they got wayon her when, to their astonishment, a thick smoke was followed by theflames bursting out in every direction, consuming all on board with arapidity that seemed incredible.
from the deck, the fire mounted to therigging; thence to the masts and sails; and before the boats could bebacked astern to take them out, those who had been left were forced toleap into the sea to save themselves from the devouring element.
thepirates had themselves set fire to the vessel.
most of them remainedbelow, submitting to suffocation with sullen indifference.
some few, inthe agony of combustion; were perceived, through the smoke, to leapoverboard, and seek in preference a less painful death.
the boats laidupon their oars, and witnessed the scene in silence and astonishment.
"desperate and determined to the last," observed the first-lieutenant.
in a very few minutes the proa, whose fabric was of the slightestmaterials, filled, and went down.
the last column of smoke, dividedfrom her by the water, ascended in the air as she sank down below, andnought remained but a few burnt fragments of bamboo, which lay floatingon the wave.
a few seconds after the vessel had disappeared, one of thepirates rose to the surface.
"there is a man alive yet," observed courtenay.
"let us save him if wecan."
the boat, by his directions, pulled a few strokes of the oars, andhaving rather too much way, shot ahead, so as to bring the man close tothe counter of the boat.
courtenay leaned over the gunwale to haul himin; the malignant wretch grasped him by the collar with his left hand,and with his right darted his creese into courtenay's breast; then, asif satisfied, with an air of mingled defiance and derision, immediatelysank under the bottom of the pinnace, and was seen no more.
murmured courtenay, as he fell into the arms of hismen.
the boats hastened back to the frigate; they had but few men hurt,except those mentioned in our narrative; but the wounds of courtenay andof prose were dangerous.
the creeses of the pirates had been steeped inthe juice of the pine-apple, which, when fresh applied, is considered asa deadly poison.
the aspasia soon afterwards anchored in madras roads,and a removal to a more invigorating clime was pronounced essential tothe recovery of the two officers.
courtenay and prose were invalided,and sent home in an east india-man, but it was many months before theywere in a state of convalescence.
captain m--- gave an acting order aslieutenant to seymour, and when he joined the admiral, expressed himselfso warmly in his behalf that it was not superseded; and our hero nowwalked the quarter-deck as third-lieutenant of h.m. ship _aspasia_.
if the reader is not by this time tired of india, i am.
to narrate allthat occurred would far exceed the limits of this work.
i shalltherefore confine myself to stating that, after three years, captainm--- quitted the country, having during his stay gained much inreputation, but lost more in constitution.
when we return to thefrigate, she will be well advanced on her passage home.
when souls which should agree to will the same--  to have one common object for their wishes,  look diff'rent ways, regardless of each other,  think what a train of wretchedness ensues!
but we must return to england, or we shall lose sight of the rainscourtfamily, in which much that is interesting has occurred since our hero'sabsence in the east.
mr rainscourt made occasional visits to the hall, with the hope ofinducing his wife to break through her resolution, and once more toreside with him under the same roof; but in this he could not succeed;for although mrs rainscourt received him with kindness and urbanity,she was too well aware, by information received from many quarters, ofthe life of excess which he indulged in, ever again to trust herhappiness in his keeping.
nevertheless, pursuing his point with anobstinacy that seemed surprising, rainscourt always was to be found atthe watering-place to which mrs rainscourt might remove for change ofscene; and for nearly five years from the time when he first paid avisit to his once neglected wife, did he continue to press his suit.
the fact was, that, so far from tiring, his anxiety to effect thereunion was constantly on the increase, from the general admirationwhich was bestowed upon emily when she made her appearance in public;and rainscourt felt that his house would be more resorted to, and hiscompany be more courted, if he could have under his immediate protectionone who had beauty sufficient to satisfy the most fastidious, and acertainty of ultimate wealth, exceeding the views of the mostinterested.
it was two years, or more, after the departure of seymour, that mrsrainscourt and emily determined upon passing the autumnal months atcheltenham, accompanied by the mcelvinas.
a few days after theirarrival, mr rainscourt made his appearance.
he was now determined, ifpossible, to bring his suit to an issue.
some months back, he hadformed the plan which he thought most likely to succeed.
this was torepair and refurnish the castle in galway, and persuade mrs rainscourtto pass a few weeks there--when he hoped that, having her in a moreisolated position, she might be induced to accede to his wishes.
workmen had been employed for some time repairing the exterior of theancient pile--the interior had been embellished under the guidance of aman of taste, and without any regard to expense.
splendid furniture hadalready been forwarded from london; so that mr rainscourt's agent hadwritten to him that in a few weeks the castle would be ready for hisreception.
upon his arrival at cheltenham, mr rainscourt astonished everybody byhis splendid equipage.
his carriages, his stud, and the whole of hisestablishment, were quite unique.
on the other hand, mrs rainscourtand her daughter were equally objects of curiosity, not likely to passunnoticed in such a place as cheltenham, where people have nothing elseto do but talk scandal, and to drink salt water as a punishment.
the arrival of a pretty heiress increased very much the flow of bile inthe young ladies, and in their mammas, who did not bring them tocheltenham merely to drink the waters.
the gentlemen, moreover, did notadmire being so totally eclipsed by mr rainscourt, who renderedinsignificant what, previous to his appearance, had been considered "tobe quite the thing."
the ladies would talk of nothing but mrrainscourt and his equipage--and such a handsome man, too.
but, on thewhole, the females were the most annoyed, as there threatened to be astagnation in the market, until this said heiress was disposed of:gentlemen who had been attentive more than a week, who had been askedtwice to dinner, and who had been considered to have nibbled asufficient time to ensure their eventually taking the bait, had dartedin full liberty in the direction of the great heiress.
young ladies whowere acknowledged to have the most attractions, pecuniary or personal,who simpered and smiled to twenty young philanderers, as they took theirmorning glass, now poured down their lukewarm solution in indignantsolitude, if mrs rainscourt and her daughter made their appearance onthe promenade.
real cases of bile became common; and the fair sex, indespair, although they did not, as they were evidently requested by theconduct of the gentlemen, "to a nunnery go," to preserve theircomplexions, were necessitated to repair to the pump.
"don't you think that miss rainscourt's nose is rather too straight?"
asked a young lady, with one on her own face that had a strong tendencytowards the pug.
"indeed, i do not," replied a light-hearted irish girl, "although shehas put ours out of joint, as they call it.
i only wish i'd her face orher fortune--either the one or the other--and i wouldn't be coming tocheltenham after a husband--the gentlemen should trot over to ireland."
"how very odd that mr and mrs rainscourt should not live together--such good friends as they seem to be."
"oh, i know the reason of that; i was told it yesterday by lady wagtail.
it was a runaway match, and they happened to be related within thecanonical law; they are both roman catholics; and the pope found it out,and ordered them to be separated, upon pain of excommunication."
"yes, and mr rainscourt is waiting for a licence from the conclave--adispensation they call it.
they say it is expected from rome next post,and then they can be united again immediately."
"what beautiful horses mr rainscourt drives!"
"yes, that curricle, with the greys and the outriders, is quite superb.
he always drives through the turnpike, i observe."
"to be sure he does.
why, they say that he has 40,000 pounds a year."
"and the whole is entailed upon his daughter."
"every farthing of it."
"and who are those mcelvina's?--what an odd name!"
"oh, i can tell you.
mrs fitzpatrick says that he is of a very ancientirish family--they are very rich.
mr mcelvina made his fortune inindia, by a speculation in opium, and his wife was the only daughter ofa stock-broker in the city, who died worth a plum."
"number 4--a little warm, if you please, mrs bishop."
about a fortnight after his arrival, rainscourt received theintelligence from his agent that everything was complete at the castle,and he determined to go over himself to examine it previous tocommunicating his interested act of gallantry to his wife.
he proposedto mcelvina, with whom he was on very friendly terms, to accompany him,and mcelvina was decided in accepting the offer, in consequence of mrrainscourt's having informed him that a large property, contiguous tohis own, which had almost from time immemorial been in possession of themcelvina family, was now for sale, the last possessor having gambled thewhole of it away.
"it may be worth your while," continued he, "if you are inclined topossess landed property, to look at it; as my agent informs me that itwill be disposed of very cheap, and will give you good interest for yourmoney."
mcelvina had long wished to live in ireland, from which country hederived his descent, and he could not but feel that some untowardrecognition might possibly take place in such a place of numerous resortas cheltenham, by which some of the passages in his early career mightbe exposed.
this appeared to be a chance which might not again presentitself: and he gladly consented to accompany rainscourt in hisexcursion.
after an absence of three weeks they returned.
the castlehad been fitted out in a style of lavish expenditure and taste, andrainscourt could find little to improve or add.
the property whichmcelvina went over to examine, suited him both in price and insituation; and having consulted his wife, who cordially acquiesced inhis view, he wrote to mr rainscourt's agent, requesting him to concludethe purchase.
rainscourt now determined upon making his last effort for a resumptionof marital rights.
having introduced the conversation by stating inminute detail the alterations and improvements which he had made at thecastle, he then informed mrs rainscourt that he had been to thatexpense in the hope that she would take possession of it for theremainder of the autumn.
"if:" said he, "you knew the pleasure it would give me once more to seeyou surrounded with every luxury, in the place where we formerly residedin poverty--if you knew the joy which your presence would diffuse amongyour affectionate tenants, and the anxiety with which they are expectingyour appearance,--for i must acknowledge that i promised them that youshould gladden them with your return,--you would not refuse the requesti have made."
but rainscourt had not calculated well.
if there was any spot of whichthe reminiscences were peculiarly painful to his wife, it was the castlein galway.
it was there that she had been treated with severity andcontempt--it was there that she had been cruelly deserted by herhusband, when he was restored to affluence.
with the bitter feelingsattendant upon these recollections, mrs rainscourt penetrated into themotives which had induced her husband to act, and the balance was morethan ever against his cause.
"if you have fitted up the castle tooblige me, mr rainscourt, i return you my grateful thanks for yourkindness and consideration; but i do not think that i could enter thecastle with pleasure; there are so many more painful than agreeableremembrances connected with it, that i had rather decline going there--the more so as i consider it too secluded for emily."
"but not too secluded, mrs rainscourt," replied her husband, droppingon one knee, "for me to beseech pardon for my errors, and prove thesincerity of my repentance.
let me conjure you to allow it to be thescene of the renewal of my love and my admiration, as it unfortunatelywas of my folly and indifference."
"mr rainscourt, this interview must be decisive.
know, once for all,that such a reconciliation as you would desire never can or shall takeplace.
spare me the pain of recapitulation.
it is enough to say that,once thrown from you, i cannot nor will not be resumed at your pleasureand fantasy.
although injured in the tenderest point, i forgive allthat has passed, and shall be happy to receive you as a friend, inprivate as well as in public; but all attempts to obtain more will onlymeet with mortification and defeat.
rise, mr rainscourt; take my handin friendship--it is offered with cordiality; but if you again resumethe subject of this meeting, i shall be forced to deny myself to youwhen you call."
rainscourt turned pale as he complied with her request.
he hadhumiliated himself to no purpose.
mortified pride, mingled withrejected passion, formed a compound of deadly hate, which raged withfury against the late object of his desire.
he commanded himselfsufficiently to stammer out his regrets, and promised not again tointroduce the subject; and lifting up the offered hand respectfully tohis lips, he quitted her presence to meditate upon revenge.
the liberal settlements which he had made at the time of separation weretoo firmly secured to be withheld.
to remove his daughter was the nextidea which presented itself; but that could not be effected.
emily wasof a resolute disposition, and would not consent to leave her mother;and an appeal to chancery would show how unfit a person he was to havethe responsible charge of a young woman.
the night was passed inanxious meditation, and before the morning his plans were arranged.
nothing could be accomplished by force; he must therefore resort toaddress--he would be more than ever attentive, and trust to time andopportunity for the gratification of his revenge.
the parties continued at cheltenham; and mr rainscourt, following uphis plan, made an avowal to his wife, that he had now abandoned allhopes of success, and would not importune her any more.
he onlyrequested that she would receive him on those terms of intimacy in whichconsisted the present happiness of his life.
mrs rainscourt, who,although she had resolution sufficient to refuse him, felt greatstruggles in her own mind to decide the victory in favour of prudence,now leaned more favourably towards her husband than before.
hisassiduity for years--his indifference to money in fitting up the castleto please her--his humiliation when he kneeled to her--his subsequenthumble expressions of regret--his polite attention, notwithstanding hisrepulse--and, added to all these, her gratified pride--all tended tosoften her heart; and it is more than probable that, in a few months,she would have thought him sufficiently punished to have acceded to hiswishes;--but it was fated to be otherwise.
one morning, rainscourt called in his curricle, and as the horses stoodat the door, champing their bits, and tossing their heads as they wereheld by the dismounted grooms, mrs rainscourt, who was looking out ofthe window with her husband, and whose heart was fast warming towardshim (for the tide once turned, the flow of affection is rapid),playfully observed, "mr rainscourt, you often take emily out with youin your curricle, but you have never offered to take me; i presume youthink that i am too old."
"indeed, mrs rainscourt, if i had thought that you would have ventured,emily would not so often have been seated at my side.
if not too late,and you will pardon my negligence, oblige me by permitting me to driveyou now."
"i don't know whether i ought to do so; but as married ladies have been,from time immemorial, forced from the field by their daughters, ibelieve i shall submit to the affront, and accept your offer."
"i feel much flattered," replied he, "by your kind acquiescence; but youmust allow me to desire my grooms to take these horses out, and put theothers to, which are much quieter.
it will be a delay of only a fewminutes."
mrs rainscourt smiled, and quitted the room, to prepare for herexcursion, while rainscourt descended to the street door.
"william, drive to the stables; take these horses out, and put in thetwo others."
"the others, sir," replied the man with surprise; "what!
"yes--be smart, and bring them round as soon as you can."
"why, sir, the two young 'uns have never been in together yet--smolensko's but a rum customer, when aside of a steady horse; and as forpony-towsky, he jibs just as bad as ever."
"never mind--put them in and bring them round."
"then i'd better tie up the dog, sir, for they can't neither of themabide him."
"never mind--they must be accustomed to him--so let the dog follow asusual.
be quick;" and rainscourt returned to the house.
"sam, i can't for the life of me fancy what master's at today," saidwilliam, who had delivered his horse over to the other groom, and hadmounted the curricle to drive it to the stable.
"if he means to drivethem two devils together, there's no road in england wide enough forhim."
"i'm sure i can't tell," replied the other.
"no man in his senses would do it--unless, indeed, he's going to drivehis wife."
"why, hardly that, for they say he wants to marry her again."
"marry his wife again--no, no, bill: master's too wide awake for that."
the curricle re-appeared at the door--rainscourt handed in his wife, andthe horses set off tightly reined by rainscourt, and flying to and frofrom the pole, so as to alarm mrs rainscourt, who expressed a wish toalight.
"they are only fresh at first starting, my dear--they will be quietdirectly."
observed one of the promenaders; "there's rainscourtdriving his wife in the curricle."
"oh then, the bull has arrived, you may depend upon it."
as they spoke, the dog made a spring at the horses' heads,--they plungedviolently, and shortly after set off at full speed.
rainscourt could not have stopped them if he had wished it; but the factwas, that he had entered the curricle determined to hazard his own liferather than not gratify his revenge.
all that was left for him was toguide them, and this he did so that the near wheel came in contact witha post.
the horses, with the pole and broken traces, continued theirrapid career, leaving rainscourt, his wife, and the fragments of thevehicle, in the road.
rainscourt's plan had been successful.
although much contused by thefall, he was not severely injured.
mrs rainscourt, who had been thrownout with more violence, over the head of her husband, was taken up witha fractured skull, and in a few minutes breathed her last.
oh, for a forty-parson power to chant  thy praise, hypocrisy!
oh, for a hymn  loud as the virtues thou dost loudly vaunt,  not practise!
hypocrisy, the thriving'st calling,  the only saint's-bell that rings all in:  a gift that is not only able  to domineer among the rabble,  but by the law's empowered to rout,  and awe the greatest that stand out.
"all-pervading essence, whose subtle spirit hath become a part componentof everything this universe contains--power that presidest over nationsand countries, kingdoms and cities, courts and palaces, and every humantenement, even to the lowly cot--leaven of the globe, that workest inthe councils of its princes, in the reasonings of its senates, in theatmosphere of the court, in the traffic of the city, in the smiles ofthe enamoured youth, and in the blush of the responding maid--thou thatclothest with awe the serjeant's coif and the bishop's robe--thou thatassistest at our nurture, our education, and our marriage, our death,our funeral, and habiliments of woe,--all hail!
"chameleon spirit--at once contributing to the misery of our existenceand adding to its fancied bliss--at once detested and a charm, to beeschewed and to be practised--that, with thy mystic veil, dimmest thebright beauty of virtue, and concealest the dark deformity of vice--imperishable, glorious, and immortal humbug!
"thee i invoke--and thus, with talismanic pen, commence my spells,--andcharge thee, in the name of courtiers' bows, of great men's promises, ofbribery oaths, of woman's smiles, and tears of residuary legatees--"appear!
"by thy favourite works,--thy darling sinking fund,--the blessings offree-trade,--thy joint-stock companies,--the dread of popery,--theliberality of east india directors, and the sincerity of west indiaphilanthropists--"descend!
"by the annual pageants--by the lord mayor's show, and reform inparliament--by burdett's democracy, and the first of april--byexplanations, and calls for papers--by bartlemy fair, and the minister'sbudget--"come!
"by lawyers' consultations, and chancery delay--public meetings, andpublic dinners,--loyal toasts, and `three times three'--ladypatronesses, and lords directors,--and by the decoy subscription of thechair--"descend!
"by the _nolo episcopari_ of the bishops--"come!
"by newspaper puffs, and newspaper reports,--by patent medicines, andportable dressing-cases, wine-merchant's bottles, ne-plus-ultracorkscrews,--h---t's corn, c---tt's maize, w---'s blacking, and w---'schampagne--"appear!
"by thy professional followers, the fashionable tailors, hairdressers,boot-makers, milliners, jewellers--all the auctioneers, and all thebazaars--"come to my aid!
"by thy interested worshippers by shuffling w---e, by z--- m---y, lawyers---ns, w---m s---th, t---l b---n, sir g---r mcg---r, and dom m---l--"appear!
"by thy talented votaries--"descend!
"still heedless!--then by the living b---m, and the shade of c---g,come!
"rebellious and wayward spirit!
i tell thee, come thou must, whetherthou art at a council to wage a war in which thousands shall perish, orupon the padding of a coat, by which, unpaid for, but one ninth part ofa man shall suffer--whether thou art forging the powerful artillery ofwoman against unarmed man, and directing the fire from her eye, which,like that of the egyptian queen, shall lose an empire--or art just asbusy in the adjustment of the bustle [see note 1] of a lady's-maid--appear thou must.
there is one potent spell, one powerful name, whichshall force thee trembling to my presence.--now--"by all that is _contemptible_--"by all his patriotism, his affection for the army and the navy--by hisflow of eloquence, and his strength of argument--by the correctness ofhis statements, and the precision of his arithmetic--by his sum_tottle_, and by joey h---e, himself--"appear!"
[_humbug descends, amidst a discharge of promethean and copperplatethunder_.]
now perch upon the tip, and guide my pen, and contrive thatthe wickedness and hypocrisy of the individual may be forgotten in theabsurdity of the scene."
------------------------------------------------------------------------the grooms made no scruple, after the catastrophe, to state all that hadpassed between them and their master; it was spread through cheltenhamwith the usual rapidity of all scandal, in a place where people havenothing to do but to talk about each other.
the only confutation whichthe report received, was the conduct of mr rainscourt.
he waspositively inconsolable--he threw himself upon the remains, declaringthat nothing should separate him from his dear--dear clara.
the honestold curate, who had attended mrs rainscourt in her last moments, hadgreat difficulty, with the assistance of the men servants, in removinghim to another chamber on the ensuing day.
some declared that herepented of his unkind behaviour, and that he was struck with remorse;the females observed, that men never knew the value of a wife until theylost her; others thought his grief was all humbug, although theyacknowledged, at the same time, that they could not find out anyinterested motives to induce him to act such a part.
but when mr rainscourt insisted that the heart of the deceased shouldbe embalmed, and directed it to be enshrined in an urn of massive gold,then all cheltenham began to think that he was sincere,--at least allthe ladies did; and the gentlemen, married or single, were either toowise or too polite to offer any negative remark, when his conduct waspronounced to be a pattern for all husbands.
moreover, mr potts, thecurate, vouched for his sincerity, in consequence of the handsomegratuity which he had received for consigning mrs rainscourt to thevault, and the liberal largess to the poor upon the same occasion.
"howcould any man prove his sincerity more?"
thought mr potts, who, blindedby gratitude, forgot that although in affliction our hearts are softenedtowards the miseries of others, on the other hand, we are quite as (ifnot more) liberal when intoxicated with good fortune.
be it as it may, the conduct of mr rainscourt was pronounced mostexemplary.
all hints and surmises of former variance were votedscandalous, and all cheltenham talked of nothing but the dead mrsrainscourt, the living mr rainscourt, the heart, and the magnificentgold urn.
"have you heard how poor mr rainscourt is?"
was the usual question atthe pump, as the ladies congregated to pour down number 3, or number 4,in accordance with the directions of the medical humbugs.
"more resigned--they say he was seen walking after dark?"
"was he, indeed?
to the churchyard, of course.
poor dear man!"
"miss emily's maid told my abigail last night, that she looks quitebeautiful in her mourning.
but i suppose she will not come on thepromenade again, before she leaves cheltenham."
"she ought not," replied a young lady who did not much approve of sohandsome an heiress remaining at cheltenham.
"it will be very incorrectif she does; some one ought to tell her so."
with the exception of mr potts, no one had dared to break in upon thesolitude of mr rainscourt, who had remained the whole day upon thesofa, with the urn on the table before him, and the shutters closed toexclude the light.
the worthy curate called upon him every evening,renewing his topics of consolation, and pointing out the duty ofchristian resignation.
a deep sigh!
a heavy ah!
or a long drawn oh!
were all the variety of answers that could be obtained for some days.
but time does wonders; and mr rainscourt at last inclined an ear to thenews of the day, and listened with marked attention to the answers whichhe elicited from the curate, by his indirect questions, as to what theworld said about him.
"come, come, mr rainscourt, do not indulge your grief any more.
it is my duty to tell you so, and yours to attend tome.
it is not to be expected that you will immediately return to theworld and its amusements; but as there must be a beginning, why not comeand take your family dinner to-day with mrs potts and me?
now let mepersuade you--she will be delighted to see you--we dine at five.
a hotjoint--nothing more."
rainscourt, who was rather tired of solitude, refused in such a way asto induce the worthy curate to reiterate his invitation, and at length,with great apparent unwillingness, consented.
the curate sat with himuntil the dinner hour, when, leaning on the pastor's arm, rainscourtwalked down the street, in all the trappings of his woe, and his eyesnever once raised from the ground.
"there's mr rainscourt!
there's mr rainscourt!"
whispered some of thepromenaders who were coming up the street.
that's not him."
"yes it is, walking with mr potts!
don't you see his beautiful largedog following him?
he never walks without it.
an't it a beauty?
it'sa polygar dog from the east indies.
his name is tippoo."
the house of the curate was but a short distance from the lodgingsoccupied by mr rainscourt.
they soon entered, and were hid from theprying eyes of the idle and the curious.
"i have persuaded mr rainscourt to come and take a family dinner withus, my dear."
"quite delighted to see him," replied mrs potts, casting a sidelongangry glance at her husband.
mr rainscourt made a slight bow, and threw himself on the sofa,covering his face with his hand, as if the light was hideous.
mrs potts took the opportunity of escaping by the door, beckoning toher husband as soon as she was outside.
"and i will go and decant the wine.--quite in the family way, mrrainscourt--no ceremony.
you'll excuse me," continued the curate, as heobeyed the summons of his wife, like a school-boy ordered up to be_birched_.
"well, my dear," interrogated mr potts, humbly, as soon as the door wasclosed.
but mrs potts made no reply, until she had led her husband tosuch a distance from the parlour as she imagined would prevent mrrainscourt from being roused by the high pitch to which she intended toraise her voice.
"i do declare, mr potts, you are a complete _fool_.
saturday--all themaids washing--and ask him to dinner!
there's positively nothing toeat.
it really is too provoking."
"well, my dear, what does it matter?
the poor, man will, in allprobability, not eat a bit--he is so overcome."
replied the lady.
"grief never hurts theappetite, mr potts; on the contrary, people care more then about a gooddinner than at other times.
it's the only enjoyment they can havewithout being accused by the world of want of feeling."
"well, you know better than i, my dear; but i really think that if youwere to die i could not eat a bit."
"and i tell you, mr potts, i could, if you were to die tomorrow.--sostupid of you!--sally, run and take off the tablecloth,--it's quitedirty; put on one of the fine damask."
"they will be very large for the table, ma'am."
"never mind--be quick, and step next door, and ask the old german tocome in and wait at table.
he shall have a pint of strong beer."
sally did as she was bid.
mr potts, whose wine had been decanted longbefore, and mrs potts, who had vented her spleen upon her husband,returned into the parlour together.
"my dear mr potts is so particular about decanting his wine," observedthe lady, with a gracious smile, as she entered--"he is so long aboutit, and scolds me so if ever i wish to do it for him."
mr potts was a little surprised at the last accusation: but as he hadlong been drilled, he laughed assent.
a tedious half-hour--during whichthe lady had all the conversation to herself, for the curate answeredonly in monosyllabic compliance, and rainscourt made no answerwhatever--elapsed before dinner was announced by the german mercenarywho had been subsidised.
"meinheer, de dinner was upon de table."
"come, mr rainscourt," said the curate, in a persuasive tone.
rainscourt got up, and without offering his arm to the lady, who had herown bowed out in readiness, stalked out of the room by the side of mrpotts, followed by his wife, who, by her looks, seemed to imply that sheconsidered that the demise of one woman was no excuse for a breach ofpoliteness towards another.
the covers were removed--two small soles (much _too small_ for threepeople), and a dish of potatoes.
"will you allow me to offer you alittle sole, mr rainscourt?
i am afraid you will have a very poordinner."
rainscourt bowed in the negative, and the soles disappeared in a veryshort time between the respective organs of mastication of mr and mrspotts.
the dishes of the first course were removed; and the german appearedwith a covered dish, followed by sally, who brought some vegetables, andreturned to the kitchen for more.
"i'm afraid you will have a very poor dinner," repeated the lady.--"takeoff the cover, sneider.--will you allow me to help you to a piece ofthis?"
rainscourt turned his head round to see if the object offered was suchas to tempt his appetite, and beheld a--_smoking bullock's heart_!
"my wife, my wife!"
exclaimed he, as he darted from his chair; andcovering his face, as if to hide from his sight the object whichoccasioned the concatenation of ideas, attempted to run out of the room.
but his escape was not so easy.
in his hurried movement he hadentangled himself with the long table-cloth that trailed on the carpet,and, to the dismay of the party, everything that was on the table wasswept off in his retreat; and as he had blindfolded himself, he ran withsuch force against the german, who was in the act of receiving a dishfrom sally, that, precipitating him against her, they both rolledprostrate on the floor.
"ah, mein got, mein got!"
roared the german, as his face was smotheredwith the hot stewed peas, a dish of which he was carrying as he fell onhis back.
"oh, my eye, my eye!"
bellowed sally, as she rolled upon the floor.
"my wife, my wife!"
reiterated rainscourt, as he trampled over them, andsecured his retreat.
"and oh, my dinner, my dinner!"
ejaculated the curate, as he surveyedthe general wreck.
"and oh, you fool, you fool, mr potts!"
echoed the lady, with her armsakimbo--"to ask such a man to dine with you!"
"well, i had no idea that he could have taken it so much to _heart_,"replied the curate meekly.
but we must follow rainscourt, who--whether really agitated by thecircumstance, or, aware that it would be bruited abroad, thought that adisplay of agitation would be advisable--proceeded with hurried steps tothe promenades, where he glided through the thoughtless crowd with thesilent rapidity of a ghost.
having sufficiently awakened the curiosityof the spectators, he sank down on one of the most retired benches, withhis eyes for some time thrown up in contemplation of the fleecy clouds,beyond which kind spirits are supposed to look down, and weep over thefollies and inconsistencies of an erring world.
casting his eyes toearth, he beheld--horror upon horrors--the detested bullock's heart,which his great polygar dog had seized during the confusion of thedinner scene, and had followed him out with it in his mouth.
finding ittoo hot to carry immediately after its seizure, he had, for a time, laidit down, and had just arrived with it.
there he was, not a foot fromthe bench, his jaws distended with the prize, tossing up his head as ifin mockery of his master, and wagging his long, feathered tail.
rainscourt again made a precipitate retreat to his own lodgings,accompanied by the faithful animal, who, delighted at the unusualrapidity of his master's movements, bounded before him with histreasure, of which he was much too polite to think of making a repastuntil a more seasonable opportunity.
rainscourt knocked at the door--assoon as it was opened, the dog bounced up before him, entering thechamber of woe, and crouching under the table upon which the golden urnwas placed with the heart between his paws, saluted his master with arap or two of his tail on the carpet, and commenced his dinner.
the servant was summoned, and rainscourt, without looking at either theurn, the dog, or the man, cried--in an angry tone, "take that heart, andthrow it away immediately."
replied the domestic with astonishment, who did not observe thedog and his occupation.
"throw it away immediately, sir--do you hear?"
"yes, sir," replied the man, taking the urn from the table, and quittingthe room with it, muttering to himself, as he descended the stairs "ithought it wouldn't last long."
having obeyed his supposedinstructions, he returned--"if you please, sir, where am i to put thepiece of plate?"
"the piece of plate!"
rainscourt turned round, and beheld the vacanturn.
it was too much--that evening he ordered the horses, and leftcheltenham for ever.
various were the reports of the subsequent week.
some said that thefierce dog had broken open the urn, and devoured the embalmed heart.
some told one story--some another; and before the week was over, all thestories had become incomprehensible.
in one point they all agreed--that mr rainscourt's grief was allhumbug.
------------------------------------------------------------------------"'tis well!--thou hast `done thy spiriting gently,' or, for thy tardycoming, i would have sentenced thee to the task of infusing thy spiritinto the consistent eldon, or into arthur duke of wellington--where,like a viper at a file, thou shouldest have tortured thyself in vain."
------------------------------------------------------------------------note 1.  bustle.
i am not certain whether i spell this modern inventioncorrectly; if not, i must plead ignorance.
i have asked several ladiesof my acquaintance, who declare that they never heard of such a thing,which, perhaps, the reader will agree with me, is all humbug.
there leviathan,  hugest of living creatures, on the deep,  stretch'd like a promontory, sleeps or swims.
congratulate me, reader, that, notwithstanding i have been beatingagainst wind and tide, that is to say, writing this book, through allthe rolling and pitching, headache and indigestion, incident to theconfined and unnatural life of a sailor, i have arrived at my lastchapter.
you may be surprised at this assertion, finding yourself inthe middle of the third volume; but such is the fact.
doubtless youhave imagined, that according to the usual method, i had begun at thebeginning, and would have finished at the end.
had i done so, this workwould not have been so near to a close as, thank heaven, it is atpresent.
at times i have been gay, at others, sad; and i am obliged towrite according to my humour, which, as variable as the wind, seldomcontinues in one direction.
i have proceeded with this book as i shoulddo if i had had to build a ship.
the dimensions of every separate pieceof timber i knew by the sheer-draught which lay before me.
it thereforemade no difference upon which i began, as they all were to be cut outbefore i bolted them together.
i should have taken them just as theycame to hand, and sorted them for their respective uses.
my keel islaid on the slips, and my stern is raised; these will do for futtocks--these for beams.
i lay those aside for riders; and out of these gnarledand twisted pieces of oak, i select my knees.
it is of littleconsequence on which my adze is first employed.
thus it was that a fitof melancholy produced the last half of the third volume; and mystern-post, transoms, and fashion-pieces, were framed out almost beforemy floor-timbers were laid.
but you will perceive that this is of noconsequence.
all are now bolted together; and, with the exception of alittle dubbing away here and there, a little gingerbread work, and acoat of paint, she is ready for launching.
now all is ready.--give methe bottle of wine--and, as she rushes into the sea of public opinion,upon which her merits are to be ascertained, i christen her "the king'sown."
and now that she is afloat, i must candidly acknowledge that i am notexactly pleased with her.
to speak technically, her figure-head is notthrown out enough.
to translate this observation into plain english, ifind, on turning over the different chapters, that my hero, as i haveoften designated him, is not sufficiently the hero of my tale.
as soonas he is shipped on board of a man-of-war, he becomes as insignificantas a midshipman must unavoidably be, from his humble situation.
i seethe error--yet i cannot correct it, without overthrowing all "rules andregulations," which i cannot persuade myself to do, even in a work offiction.
trammelled as i am by "the service," i can only plead guiltyto what it is impossible to amend without commencing _de novo_--foreverything and everybody must find their level on board of a king'sship.
well, i've one comfort left--sir walter scott has never succeededin making a hero; or, in other words, his best characters are not thosewhich commonly go under the designation of "the hero."
i am afraidthere is something irreclaimably insipid in these _preux chevaliers_.
but i must go in search of the _aspasia_.
there she is, withstudding-sails set, about fifty miles to the northward of the cape ofgood hope; and i think that when the reader has finished this chapter,he will be inclined to surmise that the author, as well as the_aspasia_, has most decidedly "doubled the cape."
the frigate wasstanding her course before a light breeze, at the rate of four or fiveknots an hour, and captain m--- was standing at the break of thegangway, talking with the first-lieutenant, when the man stationed atthe mast-head called out, "a rock on the lee-bow!"
the telemaque shoal,which is supposed to exist somewhere to the southward of the cape, butwhose situation has never been ascertained, had just before been thesubject of their conversation.
startled at the intelligence, captainm--- ordered the studding-sails to be taken in, and, hailing the man atthe mast-head, inquired how far the rock was distant from the ship.
"i can see it off the fore-yard," answered pearce, the master, who hadimmediately ascended the rigging upon the report.
the first-lieutenant now went aloft, and soon brought it down to thelower ratlines.
in a few minutes it was distinctly seen from the deckof the frigate.
the ship's course was altered three or four points, that no risk mightbe incurred; and captain m---, directing the people aloft to keep asharp look-out for any change in the colour of the water, continued tonear the supposed danger in a slanting direction.
the rock appeared to be about six or seven feet above the water's edge,with a base of four or five feet in diameter.
to the great surprise ofall parties, there was no apparent change in colour to indicate thatthey shoaled their water; and it was not until they hove-to within twocables' length, and the cutter was ordered to be cleared away to examineit, that they perceived that the object of their scrutiny was in motion.
this was now evident, and in a direction crossing the stern of theship.
"i think that it is some kind of fish," observed seymour; "i saw itraise its tail a little out of the water."
and such it proved to be, as it shortly afterwards passed the shipwithin half a cable's length.
it was a large spermaceti whale, on thehead of which some disease had formed an enormous spongy excrescence,which had the appearance of a rock, and was so buoyant that, althoughthe animal made several attempts as it approached the ship, it could notsink under water.
captain m---, satisfied that it really was as we havedescribed, again made sail, and pursued his course.
"it is very strange and very important," observed he, "that a disease ofany description can scarcely be confined to one individual, but mustpervade the whole species.
this circumstance may account for the manyrocks reported to have been seen in various parts of the southernhemisphere, and which have never been afterwards fallen in with.
a morecomplete deception i never witnessed."
"had we hauled off sooner, and not have examined it, i should have hadno hesitation in asserting, most confidently, that we had seen a rock,"answered the first-lieutenant.
captain m--- went below, and was soon after at table with thefirst-lieutenant and macallan, who had been invited to dine in thecabin.
after dinner, the subject was again introduced.
"i have mydoubts, sir," observed the first-lieutenant, "whether i shall everventure to tell the story in england.
i never should be believed."
"_le vrai n'est pas toujours le vraisemblable_," answered captain m---;"and i am afraid that too often a great illiberality is shown towardstravellers, who, after having encountered great difficulties anddangers, have the mortification not to be credited upon their return.
although credulity is to be guarded against, i do not know a greaterproof of ignorance than refusing to believe anything because it does notexactly coincide with one's own ideas.
the more confined these may be,from want of education or knowledge, the more incredulous people are aptto become.
two of the most enterprising travellers of modern days,bruce and le vaillant, were ridiculed and discredited upon their return.
subsequent travellers, who went the same track as the former, with aview to confute, were obliged to corroborate his assertions; and all whohave followed the latter have acknowledged the correctness of hisstatements."
"your observations remind me of the story of the old woman and hergrandson," replied the first-lieutenant.
"you recollect it, i presume."
"indeed i do not," said captain m---; "pray favour me with it."
the first-lieutenant then narrated, with a considerable degree ofhumour, the following story:--"a lad, who had been some years at sea, returned home to his agedgrandmother, who was naturally curious to hear his adventures.--`now,jack,' said the old woman, `tell me all you've seen, and tell me themost wonderful things first.'
"`well, granny, when we were in the red sea, we anchored close to theshore, and when we hove the anchor up, there was a chariot wheel hangingto it.'
jack, pharaoh and his host were drowned in the red sea, you know;that proves the bible is all true.
well, jack, and what else did yousee?'
"`why, granny, when i was in the west indies, i saw whole mountains ofsugar, and the rivers between them were all rum.'
"`true, true,' said the old woman, smacking her lips; `we get all thesugar and rum from there, you know.
pray, jack, did you ever see amermaid?'
"`why, no, mother, but i've seen a merman.'
"`well, let's hear, jack.'
"`why, mother, when we anchored to the northward of st. kitt's onesunday morning, a voice called us from alongside, and when we lookedover, there was a merman just come to the top of the water; he strokeddown his hair, and touched it, as we do our hats, to the captain, andtold him that he would feel much obliged to him to trip his anchor, asit had been let go just before the door of his house below, which theycould not open in consequence, and his wife would be too late to go tochurch.'
"`god bless me!'
says the old woman; `why, they're christians, i dodeclare--and now, jack, tell me something more.'
"jack, whose invention was probably exhausted, then told her that he hadseen hundreds of fish flying in the air.
"`come, come, jack,' said the old woman, `now you're _bamming_ me--don'tattempt to put such stories off on your old granny.
the chariot wheel ican believe, because it is likely; the sugar and rum i know to be true;and also the merman, for i have seen pictures of them.
but as for fishflying in the air, jack--that's a lie.'"
"excellent," said captain m---.
"then the only part that was true sherejected, believing all the monstrous lies that he had coined."
"if any unknown individual," observed macallan, "and not captain cook,had reported the existence of such an animal as the ornithorhynchus, orduck-billed platypus, without bringing home the specimen as a proof; whowould have credited his statement?"
"no one," replied captain m---.
"still, such is the scepticism of thepresent age, that travellers must be content with having justice done tothem after they are dead."
"that's but cold comfort, sir," replied the first-lieutenant, risingfrom the table, which movement was immediately followed by the remainderof the guests, who bowed, and quitted the cabin.
it is singular that the almost incredible story in the abovechapter is, perhaps, the only real fact in the whole book.
it will befound in the log of the ship, and signed by all the officers; and yetmany of my readers will be inclined to reject this, and believe aconsiderable portion of the remainder of the composition to have beendrawn from living characters; if so, they will be like the old woman.
guiderius had  upon his neck a mole, a sanguine star.
this is he,  who hath upon him still that stamp.
when mr rainscourt left cheltenham, he wrote a hasty note to themcelvinas, requesting that they would take charge of emily, whosepresence would be necessary at the hall--and, when they had arrangedtheir own affairs, would bring her with them over to ireland, where itwas his intention to reside for some time.
a few days after rainscourthad quitted cheltenham, emily, who, since her mother's death, hadremained with the mcelvinas, was accompanied by them to that home which,for the first time, she returned to with regret.
it may be inquired by the reader, whether rainscourt was not harassed byhis conscience.
i never heard that he showed any outward signs.
conscience has been described as a most importunate monitor, paying norespect to persons, and making cowards of us all.
now, as far as i havebeen able to judge from external evidence, there is not a greatercourtier than conscience.
it is true, that, when in adversity, heupbraids us, and holds up the catalogue of our crimes so close to ournoses, that we cannot help reading every line.
it is true, that, whensuffering with disease, and terrified with the idea of going we know notwhere, he assails the enfeebled mind and body, and scares away thelittle resolution we have left.
but in the heydey of youth, in thevigour of health, with the means of administering to our follies, andadding daily and hourly to our crimes, "he never mentions hell to earspolite."
in fact, he never attacks a man who has more than ten thousanda year.
like a london tradesman, he never presents his bill as long asyou give him fresh orders that will increase it; but once prove yourselfto be "cleaned out," by no longer swelling the amount, and he pouncesupon you, and demands a post-obit bond upon the next world, which, likeall others, will probably be found very disagreeable and inconvenient toliquidate.
conscience, therefore, is not an honest, sturdy adviser, buta sneaking scoundrel, who allows you to run into his debt, never caringto tell you, as a caution, but rather concealing your bill from you, aslong as there is a chance of your increasing its length--satisfied that,eventually, he must be paid in some shape or other.
the mcelvinas, who could not leave emily by herself, took up their abodeat the hall, until the necessary arrangements had been completed, andthen removed with her to the cottage, that they might attend to theirown affairs.
emily was deeply affected at the loss of her mother.
shehad always been a kind and indulgent friend, who had treated her more asan equal than as one subject to authority and control.
the mcelvinaswere anxious to remove emily from the hall, where every object thatpresented itself formed a link of association with her loss, and,trifles in themselves, would occasion a fresh burst of grief from theaffectionate and sorrowful girl.
and she may be pardoned when i state,that, perhaps, the bitterest tears which were shed were those when shethrew herself on that sofa where she had remained after the abruptdeparture of william seymour.
the vicar hastened to offer his condolence; and finding that emily wasas resigned as could be expected, after a long visit walked out withmcelvina, that he might have a more detailed account of the unfortunateevent.
mcelvina related it circumstantially, but without communicatingthe suspicions which the story of the grooms had occasioned, for he wasaware that the vicar was too charitable to allow anything but positiveevidence to be of weight in an accusation so degrading to human nature.
"it is strange," observed the vicar, very gravely, "but it seems as if afatality attended the possessors of this splendid estate.
the death ofadmiral de courcy was under most painful circumstances, without friendor relation to close his eyes; it was followed by that of his immediateheir, who was drowned as soon almost as the property devolved to him--and i, who was appointed to be his guardian, never beheld my charge.
now we have another violent death of the possessor--and all within thespace of twelve or thirteen years.
you have probably heard something ofthe singular history of the former heir to the estate?"
"i heard you state that he was drowned at sea; but nothing further."
"or, rather, supposed to be, for we never had proof positive.
he wassent away in a prize, which never was heard of; and, although there isno confirmation of the fact, i have no doubt but he was lost.
i do notknow when i was so much distressed as at the death of that child.
therewas a peculiarity of incident in his history, the facts of which i havenot as yet communicated to any one, as there are certain points whicheven distant branches of the family may wish to keep concealed--yet,upon a promise of secrecy, mr mcelvina, i will impart them to you."
the promise being given, the vicar commenced with the history of admiralde courcy,--his treatment of his wife and children,--the unfortunatemarriage, and more unfortunate demise of edward peters, or rather ofedward de courcy--the acknowledgment of his grandson by admiral decourcy on his death-bed--the account of adams--his death--the boy beingsent away in a prize, and drowned at sea.
"i have all the particularsin writing," continued the good man, "and the necessary documents; andhis identity was easy to be proved by the mark of the broad-arrowimprinted on his shoulder by old adams."
is it possible?"
exclaimed mcelvina, grasping the arm of thevicar.
"what do you mean?"
"mean!--i mean that the boy is alive--has been in your company withinthe last two years."
"yes, that boy--that boy is william seymour."
how inscrutable are thy ways!"
exclaimed the vicar withastonishment and reverence.
"explain to me, my dear sir,--how can youestablish your assertion?"
if the reader will refer back to the circumstance of the vicar callingupon captain m---, he will observe that, upon being made acquainted withthe loss of the child, he was so much shocked that he withdrew withoutimparting the particulars to one who was a perfect stranger; and, on theother hand, captain m---, when seymour again made his appearance, afteran interval of three years, not having been put in possession of thesefacts, or even knowing the vicar's address or name, had no means ofcommunicating the intelligence of the boy's recovery.
"i must now, sir," said mcelvina to the vicar, "return the confidencewhich you have placed in me, under the same promise of secrecy, bymaking you acquainted with some particulars of my former life, at whichi acknowledge i have reason to blush, and which nothing but theinterests of william seymour would have induced me to disclose."
mcelvina then acknowledged his having formerly been engaged insmuggling--his picking up the boy from the wreck--his care of him forthree years--the capture of his vessel by captain m---, and thecircumstances that had induced captain m--- to take the boy under hisprotection.
the mark was as legible as ever, and there could be nodoubt of his identity being satisfactorily established.
the vicar listened to the narration with the interest which it deserved,and acknowledged his conviction of the clearness of the evidence, byobserving--"this will be a heavy blow to our dear emily."
"not a very heavy one, i imagine," replied mcelvina, who immediatelyrelieved the mind of the worthy man by communicating the attachmentbetween them, and the honourable behaviour of seymour.
"how very strange this is!"
replied the vicar.
"it really would be agood subject for a novel.
i only trust that, like all inventions of thekind, it may end as happily."
"i trust so too; but let us now consider what must be done."
"i should advise his being sent for immediately."
"and so should i: but i expect, from the last accounts which i receivedfrom him, that the ship will have left her station to return home beforeour letters can arrive there.
my plan is, to keep quiet until hisreturn.
the facts are known, and can be established by us alone.
letus immediately take such precautions as our legal advisers my thinkrequisite, that proofs may not be wanting in case of our sudden demise;but we must not act until he arrives in the country, for mr rainscourtis a difficult and dangerous person to deal with."
"you are right," replied the vicar; "when do you leave this [house] forireland?"
"in a few days--but i shall be ready to appear the moment that i hear ofthe ship's arrival.
in the meantime, i shall make the necessaryaffidavits, in case of accident."
mcelvina and the vicar separated.
mcelvina, like a dutiful husband,communicated the joyful intelligence to his wife, and his wife, tosoothe emily under her affliction, although she kept the secret, nowtalked of seymour.
in a few days the arrangements were made--thecottage was put into an agent's hands to be disposed of; and, quittingwith regret an abode in which they had passed some years of unalloyedhappiness, they set off for galway, where they found rainscourt on theirarrival.
consigning his daughter to his care, they removed to their ownhouse, which was on the property which mcelvina had purchased, and aboutfour miles distant from the castle.
mcelvina's name was a passport tothe hearts of his tenants, who declared that the head of the house hadcome unto his own again.
that he had the true eye of the mcelvinas,there was no mistaking, for no other family had such an eye.
that hishonour had gladdened their hearts by seeing the property into the ouldfamily again--as ould a one as any in ould ireland.
mcelvina, like a wise man, held his tongue; and then they talked oftheir misfortunes--of the bad potato crop--of arrears of rent--onedemand was heaped upon another, until mcelvina was ultimately obliged torefer them all to the agent, whom he requested to be as lenient aspossible.
emily was now reinstated in the castle where she had passed the firstyears of her existence, and found that all in it was new, except her oldnurse, norah.
the contiguity of the mcelvinas was a source of comfortto her, for she could not admire the dissipated companions of herfather.
her life was solitary--but she had numerous resources withinherself, and the winter passed rapidly away.
in the spring, she returned to london with her father, who proudlyintroduced his daughter.
many were the solicitations of those whoadmired her person, or her purse.
but in vain: her heart waspre-engaged; and it was with pleasure that she returned to ireland,after the season was over, to renew her intimacy with the mcelvinas, andto cherish, in her solitude, the remembrance of the handsome andhigh-minded william seymour.
and now, with sails declined,  the wandering vessel drove before the wind;  toss'd and retoss'd aloft, and then alow;  nor port they seek, nor certain course they know,  but every moment wait the coming blow.
three days after the _aspasia_ had taken a fresh departure from thewestern isles, a thick fog came on, the continuance of which preventedthem from ascertaining their situation by the chronometer.
the wind,which blew favourably from the south-east, had, by their dead reckoning,driven them as far north as the latitude of ushant, without their oncehaving had an opportunity of finding out the precise situation of thefrigate.
the wind now shifted more to the eastward, and increasing to agale, captain m--- determined upon making cape clear, on the southerncoast of ireland; but having obtained sights for the chronometers it wasdiscovered that they were far to the westward of the reckoning, and hadno chance of making the point of land which they had intended.
for manydays they had to contend against strong easterly gales, with a heavysea, and had sought shelter under the western coast of ireland.
the weather moderating, and the wind veering again to the southward, thefrigate's head was put towards the shore, that they might take a freshdeparture; but scarcely had they time to congratulate themselves uponthe prospect of soon gaining a port, when there was every appearance ofanother gale coming on from the south-west.
as this was from a quarterwhich, in all probability, would scarcely allow the frigate to weathermizen-head, she was hauled off on the larboard tack, and all sail put onher which prudence would permit in the heavy cross sea, which had notyet subsided.
"we shall have it all back again, i am afraid, sir," observed themaster, looking to windward at the horizon, which, black as pitch,served as a background to relieve the white curling tops of the seas.
"shall we have the trysails up, and bend them?"
"the boatswain is down after them now, pearce," said thefirst-lieutenant.
"the weather is indeed threatening," replied the captain, as he turnedfrom the weather gangway, where he had been standing, and wiped thespray from his face, with which the atmosphere was charged; "and iperceive that the glass is very low.
send the small sails down out ofthe tops; as soon as the staysail is on her, lower the gaff, and furlthe spanker; the watch will do.
when we go to quarters, we'lldouble-breech the guns.
let the carpenter have his tarpaulins ready forbattening down--send for the boatswain, and let the boats on the boomsbe well secured.
is that eight bells striking?
then pipe to supperfirst; and, mr hardy," added captain m---, as he descended thecompanion-ladder, "they may as well hook the rolling-tackles again."
"ay, ay, sir," replied hardy, as the captain disappeared.
"i say,master, the skipper don't like it--i'll swear that by his look as heturned from the gangway.
he was as stern as the figure-head of the_mars_."
"that's just his way; if even the elements threaten him, he returns thelook of defiance."
"he does so," replied the master, who appeared to be unusually grave (asif in sad presentiment of evil).
"i've watched him often.--but it's nouse--they mind but one."
"very true--neither can you conciliate them by smiling; the only way tolook is _to look sharp out_.
said the first-lieutenant,slapping him familiarly on the back.
"come, no skylarking, hardy--it's easy to tell the skipper isn't ondeck.
i expect as much sleep to-night as a dog vane--thesesouth-westers generally last their three days."
"i am glad to hear that," said merrick, a youngster, with an ovallaughing face, who, being a favourite with both the officers, hadventured to the weather-side of the quarter-deck in the absence of thecaptain.
"and why, mr merrick?"
inquired the master.
it's my morning watch to-morrow.
we shall be all snug; no sails totrim, no sails to set, and no holystoning the deck--nothing to do but tokeep myself warm under the weather bulwarks."
"ah, you idle scamp," said the first-lieutenant, smiling.
"so, young man, you wish us to be on deck all night, that you may havenothing to do in the morning.
the day will come when you will know whatresponsibility is," retorted pearce.
"if you're up all night, sir," replied the boy, laughing, "you'll want acup of coffee in the morning watch.
i shall come in for my share ofthat, you know."
"ah, well, it's an ill wind that blows nobody good," observed pearce,"but you are young to be selfish."
"indeed i am not selfish, sir," replied the boy, hurt at the rebuke fromone who had been kind to him, and to whom he was attached.
"i was onlyjoking.
i only meant," continued he, feeling deeply, but not at themoment able to describe his feelings--"i only said--oh!
"and now you are only swearing, i suppose," replied the master.
"well, it's enough to make a saint swear to be accused of being selfish,and by you too."
"well, well, youngster, there's enough of it--you spoke withoutthinking.
go down to your tea now, and you shall have your share of thecoffee to-morrow, if there is any."
after supper the watch was called, and the directions given by thecaptain to the first-lieutenant were punctually obeyed.
the drum thenbeat to quarters earlier than usual; the guns were doubly secured; thedead-lights shipped abaft; the number of inches of water in the wellmade known by the carpenter; the sobriety of the men ascertained by theofficers stationed at their respective guns; and everything that wasordered to be executed, or to be held in readiness, in the severaldepartments, reported to the captain.
"now, mr hardy, we'll make her all snug for the night.
furl the foreand mizen-topsail, and close-reef the main--that, with the foresail,fore-staysail, and trysail, will be enough for her."
"had we not better reef the foresail, sir?"
"i suspect weshall have to do it before twelve o'clock, if we do not now."
"very right, mr pearce--we will do so.
is the main-trysail bent?"
"all bent, sir, and the sheet aft."
"then beat a retreat, and turn the hands up--shorten sail."
this duty was performed, and the hammocks piped down as the lastglimmering of daylight disappeared.
the gale increased rapidly during the first watch.
large drops of rainmingled with the spray, distant thunder rolled to windward, andoccasional gleams of lightning pierced through the intense darkness ofthe night.
the officers and men of the watches below, with sealed eyesand thoughtless hearts, were in their hammocks, trusting to those ondeck for security.
but the night was terrific, and the captain,first-lieutenant, and master, from the responsibility of theirsituations, continued on deck, as did many of the officers termedidlers, such as the surgeon and purser, who, although their presence wasnot required, felt no inclination to sleep.
by four o'clock in themorning the gale was at its height.
the lightning darted through thesky in every direction, and the thunder-claps for the time overpoweredthe noise of the wind as it roared through the shrouds.
the sea,striking on the fore-channels, was thrown aft with violence over thequarter-deck and waist of the ship, as she laboured through the agitatedsea.
"if this lasts much longer we must take the foresail off of her, andgive her the main-staysail," said hardy to the master.
"we must, indeed," replied the captain, who was standing by them; "butthe day is breaking.
let us wait a little--ease her, quarter-master."
"ease her it is, sir."
at daylight, the gale having rather increased than shown any symptoms ofabating, the captain was giving directions for the foresail to be takenoff, when the seaman who was stationed to look out on the lee-gangway,cried out, "a sail on the lee-beam!"
"a sail on the lee-beam, sir!"
reported the officer of the watch to thecaptain, as he held on by a rope with one hand, and touched his hat withthe other.
"here, youngster, tell the sentry at the cabin door to give you my deckglass," said captain m--- to merrick, who was one of the midshipmen ofthe morning watch.
"she's a large ship, sir--main and mizen masts both gone," reportedhardy, who had mounted up three or four ratlines of the main-rigging.
the midshipman brought up the glass; and the captain, first passing hisarm round the fore-brace, to secure himself from falling to leeward withthe lurching of the ship, as soon as he could bring the strange vesselinto the field of the glass exclaimed, "a line-of-battle ship, byheavens!
and if i am any judge of a hull, or the painting of a ship, sheis no englishman."
other glasses were now produced, and the opinion ofthe captain was corroborated by that of the officers on deck.
"keep fast the foresail, mr hardy.
we'll edge down to her.
quarter-master, see the signal halyards all clear."
the captain went down to his cabin, while the frigate was kept away ashe directed, the master standing at the conn.  he soon came up again:"hoist number 3 at the fore, and number 8 at the main.
we'll see if shecan answer the private signal."
it was done, and the frigate, rolling heavily in the trough of the sea,and impelled by the furious elements, rapidly closed with the stranger.
in less than an hour they were within half a mile of her; but theprivate signal remained unanswered.
"now then, bring her to the wind, mr pearce," said captain m---, whohad his glass upon the vessel.
the frigate was luffed handsomely to the wind, not however withoutshipping a heavy sea.
the gale, which, during the time that she waskept away before the wind, had the appearance, which it always has, ofhaving decreased in force, now that she presented her broadside to it,roared again in all its fury.
"call the gunner--clear away the long gun forward--try with the rammerwhether the shot has started from the cartridge, and then fire acrossthe bows of that vessel."
the men cast loose the gun, and the gunner taking out the bed and coin,to obtain the greatest elevation to counteract the heel of the frigate,watched the lurch, and pitched the shot close to the forefoot of thedisabled vessel, who immediately showed french colours over herweather-quarter.
"french colours, sir!"
cried two or three at a breath.
"beat to quarters, mr hardy," said captain m---.
"shall we cast loose the main-deck guns?"
"no, no--that will be useless; we shall not be able to fire them, and wemay have them through the sides.
we'll try her with the carronades."
it was easy to perceive, without the assistance of a glass, that the menon board the french line-of-battle ship were attempting, in no veryscientific manner, to get a jury-mast up abaft, that, by puttingafter-sail on her, they might keep their vessel to the wind.
theforesail they dared not take off, as, without any sail to keep hersteady, the remaining mast would in all probability have rolled over theside; but without after-sail, the ship would not keep to the wind, andthe consequence was, that she was two points off the wind, forging fastthrough the water, notwithstanding that the helm was hard a-lee.
"where are we now, mr pearce?"
interrogated the captain--"about eightor nine leagues from the land?"
"say seven leagues, sir, if you please," replied the master, "until ican give you an exact answer," and he descended the companion ladder towork up his reckoning.
"she's leaving us, mr hardy--keep more away, and run abreast of her.
now, my lads, watch the weather roll,--round and grape--don't throw ashot away--aim at the quarter-deck ports.
if we can prevent her fromgetting up her jury-masts, she is done for."
"as for the matter of that," said the quarter-master, who was captain ofone of the quarter-deck guns, "we might save our shot.
they haven't_nous_ enough to get them up if left all to themselves--however, here'sa slap at her."
the frigate had now closed within three cables' length of theline-of-battle ship, and considering the extreme difficulty of hittingany mark under such disadvantages, a well-directed fire was thrown in byher disciplined seamen.
the enemy attempted to return the fire from theweather main-deck guns, but it was a service of such difficulty anddanger, that he more than once abandoned it.
two or three gunsdisappearing from the ports, proved that they had either rolled toleeward, or had been precipitated down the hatchways.
this was indeedthe case, and the french sailors were so much alarmed from the seriousdisasters that had already ensued, that they either quitted theirquarters, or, afraid to stand behind the guns when they were fired, noaim was taken, and the shots were thrown away.
had the two ships beenequally manned, the disadvantage, under all the misfortunes of thefrenchman, would have been on the side of the frigate; but the galeitself was more than sufficient employment for the undisciplined crew ofthe line-of-battle ship.
the fire from the frigate was kept up with vigour, although the vessellurched so heavily as often to throw the men who were stationed at theguns into the lee scuppers, rolling one over the other in the water withwhich the decks were floated; but this was only a subject of merriment,and they resumed their task with the careless spirit of british seamen.
the fire, difficult as it was to take any precise aim, had the effectintended, that of preventing the french vessel from rigging anythinglike a jury-mast.
occasionally the line-of-battle ship kept more away,to avoid the grape, by increasing her distance; but the frigate's coursewas regulated by that of her opponent, and she continued her gallingpursuit.
heaven's loud artillery began to play,  and wrath divine in dreadful peals convey;  darkness and raging winds their terrors join,  and storms of rain with storms of fire combine.
some run ashore upon the shoaly land.
it was no time for man to war against man.
the powers of heaven wereloose, and in all their fury.
the wind howled, the sea raged, thethunder stunned, and the lightning blinded.
the eternal was present inall his majesty; yet pigmy mortals were contending.
but captainm--- was unmoved, unawed, unchecked; and the men, stimulated by hisexample, and careless of everything, heeded not the warring of theelements.
"sit on your powder-box, and keep it dry, you young monkey," said thequarter-master, who was captain of the gun, to the lad who had thecartridge ready for reloading it.
the fire upon the french vessel waswarmly kept up, when the master again came on deck, and stated to thecaptain, that they could not be more than four leagues from a deadlee-shore, which, by keeping away after the french vessel, they must benearing fast.
"she cannot stand this long, sir.
look to windward--the galeincreases--there is a fresh hand at the `bellows.'"
the wind now redoubled its fury, and the rain, that took a horizontal,instead of a perpendicular direction, from the force of the wind, fedthe gale instead of lulling it.
the thunder rolled--and the frigate wasso drenched with water, that the guns were primed and reprimed, withoutthe fire communicating to the powder, which in a few seconds wassaturated with the rain and spray.
this was but of little consequence,as the squall and torrents of rain had now hid the enemy from theirsight.
"look out for her, my men, as soon as the squall passes over,"cried captain m---.
a flash of lightning, that blinded them for a time, was followed by apeal of thunder, so close, that the timbers of the ship trembled withthe vibration of the air.
a second hostile meeting of electricity tookplace, and the fluid darted down the side of the frigate's mainmast,passing through the quarter-deck in the direction of thepowder-magazine.
captain m---, the first-lieutenant, master, and fiftyor sixty of the men, were struck down by the violence of the shook.
many were killed, more wounded, and the rest, blinded and stunned,staggered, and fell to leeward with the lurching of the vessel.
gradually, those who were only stunned recovered their legs, and amongstthe first was the captain of the frigate.
as soon as he could recallhis scattered senses, with his usual presence of mind, he desired the"fire-roll" to be beat by the drummer, and sent down to ascertain theextent of the mischief.
a strong sulphureous smell pervaded the ship,and flew up the hatchways; and such was the confusion, that some minuteselapsed before any report could be made.
it appeared that the electricfluid had passed close to the spirit-room and after-magazine, andescaped through the bottom of the vessel.
before the report had beenmade, the captain had given directions for taking the wounded down tothe surgeon, and the bodies of the dead under the half-deck.
theelectric matter had divided at the foot of the mainmast, to which it haddone no injury--one part, as before mentioned, having gone below, whilethe other, striking the iron bolt that connected the lower part of themain-bitts, had thence passed to the two foremast quarter-deckcarronades, firing them both off at the same moment that it killed andwounded the men who were stationed at them.
the effects of thelightning were various.
the men who were close to the foot of themainmast, holding on by the ropes belayed to the main-bitts, were burntto a cinder, and their blackened corpses lay smoking in the remnants oftheir clothes, emitting an overpowering ammoniacal stench.
some wereonly wounded in the arm or leg; but the scathed member was shrivelledup, and they were borne down the hatchway, howling with intolerablepain.
the most awful effects were at the guns.
the captains of the twocarronades, and several men that were near them, were dead--but had notthe equipoise of the bodies been lost by the violent motion of the ship,their dreadful fate would not have been immediately perceived.
not aninjury appeared--every muscle was fixed to the same position as when thefluid entered--the same expression of countenance, the eye like life, asit watched the sight on the gun, the body bent forward, the armextended, the fingers still holding the lanyard attached to the lock.
nothing but palpable evidence could convince one that they were dead.
the boy attending with his powder-box, upon which he had sat by thedirections of the captain of the gun, was desired by captain m--- tojump up and assist the men in carrying down the wounded.
he sat stillon his box, supported between the capstan and the stanchions of thecompanion hatchway, his eyes apparently fixed upon the captain, but notmoving in obedience to the order, although repeated in an angry tone.
he was dead!
during the confusion attending this catastrophe, the guns had beendeserted.
as soon as the wounded men had been taken below, the captaindesired the boatswain to pipe to quarters, for the drummer, when calledto beat the "fire-roll," had been summoned to his last account.
theguns were again manned, and the firing recommenced; but a want ofenergy, and the melancholy silence which prevailed, evidently showedthat the men, although they obeyed, did not obey cheerfully.
"another pull of the fore-staysail, mr hardsett," cried captainm--- through his speaking-trumpet.
"ay, ay, sir; clap on him, my lads," replied the boatswain, holding hiscall between his teeth, as he lent the assistance of his powerful frameto the exertions of the men.
the sheet was aft, and belayed, and theboatswain indulged in muttered quotations from the scriptures:--"hebringeth forth the clouds from the ends of the world, and sendeth forthlightnings, with rain; bringing the winds out of his treasuries.
hesmote the first-born of egypt."
the first-lieutenant and master were in close consultation to windward.
the captain stood at the lee-gangway, occasionally desiring thequarter-master at the conn to alter the course, regulating his own bythat of his disabled enemy.
"i'll speak to him, then," exclaimed pearce, as the conference broke up,and he went over to leeward to the captain.
"captain m---, i have had the honour to serve under your command sometime, and i trust you will allow that i have never shown any want ofzeal in the discharge of my duty?"
"no, mr pearce," replied the captain, with a grave smile; "withoutcompliment, you never have."
"then, sir, you will not be affronted at, or ascribe to unworthymotives, a remark which i wish to make."
"most certainly not; as i am persuaded that you will never make anyobservation inconsistent with your duty, or infringing upon the rules ofthe service."
"then, sir, with all due submission to you, i do think, and it is theopinion of the other officers as well, that our present employment,under existing circumstances, is tempting, if not insulting, thealmighty.
look at the sky, look at the raging sea, hear the wind, andcall to mind the effects of the lightning not one half-hour since.
whenthe almighty appears in all his wrath, in all his tremendous majesty, isit a time for us poor mortals to be at strife?
what is our feebleartillery, what is the roar of our cannon, compared to the withering andconsuming artillery of heaven?
has he not told us so?--and do not theship's company, by their dispirited conduct since the vessel was struck,acknowledge it?
the officers all feel it, sir.
is it notpresumptuous,--with all due submission, sir, is it not wicked?"
"i respect your feelings as a christian, and as a man," replied captainm---; "but i must differ with you.
that the almighty power appears, igrant; and i feel, as you do, that god is great, and man weak andimpotent.
but that this storm has been raised--that this thunderrolls--that this lightning has blasted us, as a _warning_, i deny.
thecauses emanate from the almighty; but he leaves the effects to thearrangements of nature, which is governed by immutable laws.
had therebeen no other vessel in sight, this lightning would still have struckus; and this storm will not cease, even if we were to neglect what iconsider a duty to our country."
the master touched his hat, and made no answer.
it was now about oneo'clock, and the horizon to leeward, clearing up a little, showed theland upon the lee-beam.
cried one of the men.
"indeed," observed the captain to the master--"we are nearer than youthought."
"something, sir, perhaps; but recollect how many hours you have keptaway after this vessel."
"very true," rejoined the captain; "and the in-draught into the bargain.
i am not surprised at it."
"shall we haul our wind, sir?
we are on a dead lee-shore."
"no, mr pearce, not until the fate of that vessel is decided."
"land on the weather-bow!"
reported the boatswain.
said the captain--"then the affair will soon be decided."
the vessels still continued their course in a slanting direction towardsthe land, pursuer and pursued running on to destruction; but althoughvarious indirect hints were given by the first-lieutenant and others,captain m--- turned a deaf ear.
he surveyed the dangers which presentedthemselves, and frowned upon them, as if in defiance.
an universal cry resounds aloud,  the sailors run in heaps, a helpless crowd;  art fails, and courage falls; no succour near;  as many waves, as many deaths appear.
ovid, (dryden's translation).
however we may be inclined to extend our admiration to the feelings ofself-devotion which governed the conduct of captain m--- it cannot be amatter of surprise that the officers of the frigate did not coincidewith his total indifference to self, in the discharge of his duty.
murmur they did not; but they looked at each other, at the captain, andat the perilous situation of the vessel, in silence, and with a restlesschange of position that indicated their anxiety.
macallan was belowattending to the wounded men, or he would probably have been deputed bythe others to have remonstrated with the captain.
a few minutes morehad elapsed, when the master again addressed him.
"i am afraid, sir, if we continue to stand on, that we shall lose thefrigate," said he, respectfully touching his hat.
"be it so," replied captain m---; "the enemy will lose a line-of-battleship; our country will be the gainer, when the account is balanced."
"i must be permitted to doubt that, sir; the value of the enemy's shipis certainly greater; but there are other considerations."
"what are they?"
"the value of the respective officers and ships' companies, which mustinevitably share the fate of the two vessels.
the captain of that shipis not _worth his salt_.
it would be politic to let him live, andcontinue to command.
his ship will always be ours, when we want it; andin the event of a general action, he would make a gap in the enemy'sline, which might prove of the greatest importance.
now, sir, withoutdrawing the parallel any further,--without taking into consideration thevalue of the respective officers and men,--i must take the liberty ofobserving, that, on your account alone, england will be no gainer by theloss of both vessels and crews."
"thank you for the compliment, which, as it is only feather-weight, iwill allow to be thrown into the scale.
but i do not agree with you.
iconsider war but as a game of chess, and will never hesitate tosacrifice a _knight_ for a _castle_.
provided that _castle_ is lost,mr pearce," continued the captain, pointing to the french vessel--"thislittle frigate, if necessary, shall be _knight-errant_ enough to bearher company."
"very good, sir," replied pearce, again touching his hat; "as master ofthis ship, i considered it my duty to state my opinion."
"you have done your duty, mr pearce, and i thank you for it; but i havealso my duties to perform.
one of them is, not to allow the lives ofone ship's company, however brave and well-disciplined (and such i mustallow to be the one i have the honour to command), to interfere with thegeneral interests of the country we contend for.
when a man enters hismajesty's service, his life is no longer to be considered his own; itbelongs to his king and country, and is at their disposal.
if we arelost, there will be no great difficulty in collecting another ship'scompany in old england, as brave and as good as this.
officers asexperienced are anxiously waiting for employment; and the admiralty willhave no trouble in selecting and appointing as good, if not a bettercaptain."
the contending ships were now about two cables' length from each other,with a high rocky coast, lashed with a tremendous surf, aboutthree-quarters of a mile to leeward.
the promontory extended about twopoints on the weatherbow of the frigate, and a low sandy tongue of landspread itself far out on her weather quarter, so that both vessels werecompletely embayed.
the line-of-battle ship again made an attempt toget up some after-sail; but the well-directed fire of the frigate,whenever she rose on the tops of the mountainous waves, which atintervals hid the hulls of both vessels from each other, drove thefrenchmen from their task of safety, and it was now evident that allcommand of her was lost.
she rolled gunwale under, and her remainingmast went by the board.
"nothing can save her, now, sir," replied the master.
"no," replied the captain.
"we have done our work, and must now try tosave ourselves."
"secure the guns--be smart, my lads, you work for your lives.
we mustput the mainsail on her, mr pearce, and draw off if we can."
the master shook his head.
"hands by the clue-garnets and buntlines--man the mainsheet--let go those leech-lines, youngster--haul aboard."
"it's a pity, too, by god," said the captain, looking over thehammock-rails at the french vessel, which was now running before thewind right on to the shore.--"eight or nine hundred poor devils will becalled to their last account in the course of a few minutes.
i wish wecould save them."
"you should have thought of that before, sir," said the master, with agrave smile at this reaction of feeling on the part of the captain.
"nothing can save them, and i am afraid that nothing but a slant of windor a miracle can help ourselves."
"she has struck, sir, and is over on her broadside," said thequarter-master, who was standing on the carronade slide.
"mind your conn, sir; keep your eyes on the weather-leech of the sail,and not upon that ship," answered the captain, with asperity.
in the meantime, the mainsail had been set by the first-lieutenant, andthe crew, unoccupied, had their eyes directed for a little while uponthe french vessel, which lay on her beam-ends, enveloped in spray; butthey also perceived what, during the occupation and anxiety of action,they had not had leisure to attend to, namely, the desperate situationof their own ship.
the promontory was now broad on the weather bow, anda reef of rocks, partly above water, extended from it to leeward of thefrigate.
such was the anxiety of the ship's company for their ownsafety, that the eyes of the men were turned away from the strandedvessel, and fixed upon the rocks.
the frigate did all that a gallantvessel could do, rising from the trough of the sea, and shaking thewater from her, as she was occasionally buried forecastle under, fromthe great pressure of the sail, cleaving the huge masses of the elementwith her sharp stem, and trembling fore and aft with the violence of herown exertions.
but the mountainous waves took her with irresistibleforce from her chesstree, retarding her velocity, and forcing her eachmoment nearer to the reef.
"wear ship, mr hardy," said the captain, who had not spoken one wordsince he rebuked the quarter-master--"we have but just room."
the master directed the man at the wheel to put helm up, in a firm butsubdued tone, for he was at that moment thinking of his wife andchildren.
the ship had just paid off and gathered fresh way, when shestruck upon a sunken rock.
a loud and piercing cry from the ship'scompany was followed by an enormous sea striking the frigate on thecounter, at once heeling her over and forcing her ahead, so that sheslipped off from the rock again into deep water.
"she's off again, sir," said the master.
"it's god's mercy, mr pearce!
bring her to the wind as soon as youcan," replied the captain, with composure.
but the carpenter now ran upthe hatchway, and, with a pallid face and hurried tone, declared thatthe ship was filling fast, and could not be kept afloat more than a fewminutes.
"going down!--going down!"
was spread with dreadful rapidity throughoutthe ship, and all discipline and subordination appeared to be at an end.
some of the men flew to the boats hoisted up on the quarters, and werecasting loose the ropes which secured them, with hands that weretremulous with anxiety and fear.
"silence there, fore and aft!"
roared the captain, in the full compassof his powerful voice.
"every man to his station.
come out of thoseboats directly."
all obeyed, except one man, who still continued to cast loose thegripes.
"come out, sir," repeated the captain.
"not i, by god!"
replied the sailor, coolly.
the boarding-pikes, which had been lashed round the spanker-boom, hadbeen detached, either from the shot of the enemy, or some other means,and were lying on the deck, close to the cabin skylight.
the captainseizing one, and poising it brandished over his head, a third timeordered the sailor to leave the boat.
"every man for himself, and god for us all!"
was the cool answer of therefractory seaman.
the pike flew, and entered the man's bowels up to the hilt.
the poorwretch staggered, made a snatch at the davit, missed it, and fellbackwards over the gunwale of the boat into the sea.
"my lads," said captain m---, emphatically addressing the men, whobeheld the scene with dismay, "as long as one plank, ay, one_toothpick_, of this vessel swims, i command, and will be obeyed.
quarter-master, put the helm up.
i have but few words to say to you, mymen.
the vessel is sinking, and we must put her on the reef--boats areuseless.
if she hangs together, do you hang to her as your only chance.
and now farewell, my brave fellows, for we are not all likely to meetagain.
look out for a soft place for her, mr pearce, if you can."
"i see but one spot where there is the least chance of her being thrownup, sir.
starboard a little--steady!--so,"--were the cool directions ofthe master, as the ship flew with increased velocity to her doom.
thecaptain stood on the carronade slide, from which he had addressed themen.
his mien was firm and erect--not a muscle of his countenance wasobserved to change or move, as the sailors watched it as the barometerof their fate.
awed by the dreadful punishment of the mutineer, andrestrained by their long habits of discipline, they awaited their doomin a state of intense anxiety, but in silence.
all this latter description, however, was but the event of about twominutes--which had barely expired, when the frigate dashed upon thereef!
thou, god of this great vast, rebuke those surges which wash both  heaven and hell; and thou that hast upon the winds command, bind then,  in brass, having called them from the deep.
the shock threw the men off their feet as they raised an appealing cryto heaven, which was mocked by the howling of the wind and the roar ofthe waters.
the masts, which were thrown out from their steps, wavedonce, twice, and then fell over the sides with a crash, as an enormoussea broke over the vessel, forcing her further on the rocks, and causingevery timber and knee in her to start from its place.
the masts, asthey fell, and the sea, that at the same moment poured over like animpetuous cataract, swept away thirty or forty of the seamen into theboiling element under the lee.
another and another shock from theresistless and furious waves decided the fate of the resolute captainand master.
the frigate parted amidships.
the fore part of her, whichwas firmly wedged on the rocks, remained.
the quarter-deck andafter-part turned over to the deep water, and disappeared.
an enormoussurge curled over it as it went down, and, as if disappointed at notbeing able to wreak its fury upon that part of the vessel, which, bysinking, had evaded it, it drove in revenge upon the remainder, forcingit several yards higher upon the reef.
two-thirds of the ship's company were now gone--the captain, the master,and the major part of the officers and men, being on the quarter-deckwhen the ship divided.
the cry of the drowning was not heard amidst theroaring of the elements.
the behaviour of the captain and the officersat this dreadful crisis has not been handed down; but, if we may judgefrom what has already been narrated, they met their fate like britishseamen.
the fore part of the ship still held together, and, fortunately for thesurvivors, heeled towards the land, so as to afford some protection fromthe force of the seas, which dashed over it at each succeeding swell ofthe billows.
daylight left them, and darkness added to the despair andhorror of nearly one hundred wretches, who felt, at each shock whichthreatened to separate the planks and timbers, as if death was loudlyknocking to claim the residue of his destined victims.
not one word wasexchanged; but, secured with ropes to the belaying-pins, and other partsof the forecastle where they could pass their lashings, they clung andhuddled together, either absorbed in meditation or wailing with despair.
occasionally, one who had supported himself in a difficult and painfulposition, stimulated with the faint hopes of life, to which we all sofondly and so foolishly cling, would find that his strength wasexhausted, and that he could hold no longer.
after vainly imploringthose near him to allow him to better his condition by a slight personalsacrifice on their part (an appeal that received no answer), he wouldgradually loose his hold, and drop into the surge that was commissionedby death to receive his prey.
there are situations in human life of such powerful excitement, and inwhich the mechanism of the human frame becomes so rapid in its motion,that the friction of a few days will wear it out.
the harrowed feelingsof these poor creatures on the wreck, during the short time that theyremained, had a greater effect in undermining the constitution than manyyears of laborious occupation on shore.
fellow-countrymen, if you are at all interested with the scenes i am nowdescribing, and which, if you have any feeling, you must be (howeverimperfect the description), let the author, a sailor himself, take thisfavourable opportunity of appealing to you in behalf of a service atonce your protection and your pride.
for its sake, as well as your own,listen not to those who, expatiating upon its expense, and silent uponits deserts, would put a stop to hardly earned promotion, and blast withdisappointment the energies of the incipient hero.
and may those towhom the people at large have delegated their trust, and in whom theyhave reposed their confidence, treat with contempt the calculations, andmiscalculations, of one without head and without heart!
daylight again, as if unwillingly, appeared, and the wild scud flew pastthe dark clouds, that seemed to sink down with their heavy burdens tillthey nearly touched the sea.
the waves still followed each othermountains high; the wind blew with the same violence; and as the stormypetrels flew over the billows, indicating by their presence that thegale would continue, the unfortunate survivors looked at each other insilence and despair.
i know not whether all seamen feel as i do; but i have witnessed so manymiraculous escapes, so many sudden reverses, so much, beyond all hopeand conception, achieved by a reliance upon providence and your ownexertions, that, under the most critical circumstances, i never shoulddespair.
if struggling in the centre of the atlantic, with no vessel insight, no strength remaining, and sinking under the wave that boiled inmy ear, as memory and life were departing,--still, as long as life _did_remain, as long as recollection held her seat, i never should abandonhope,--never believe that it is all over with me,--till i awoke in thenext world, and found it confirmed.
what would these men have valued their lives at in the morning?
yet atnoon a change took place: the weather evidently moderated fast; andsilence, that had reigned for so many hours, lost his empire, and thechances of being saved began to be calculated.
a reef of rocks, many ofthem above water, over which the breakers still raged, lay between thewreck and the shore, and the certainty of being dashed to piecesprecluded all attempts at reaching it, till the weather became moremoderate and the sea less agitated.
but when might that be?--and howlong were they to resist the united attacks of hunger and fatigue?
the number of men still surviving was about seventy.
many, exhaustedand wounded, were hanging in a state of insensibility by the ropes withwhich they had secured themselves.
that our hero was among those whoremained need hardly be observed, or there would have been a close tothis eventful history.
he was secured to the weather side of theforemast-bitts, supported on the one side by the boatswain, and on theother by price, the second-lieutenant, next to whom was the captain ofthe forecastle, one of the steadiest and best seamen in the ship, whohad been pressed out of a west indiaman, in which he had served in thecapacity of second mate.
our hero had often turned round with an intention to speak to price; butobserving that he sat crouched with his face upon his hands and knees,he waited until his messmate should raise his head up, imagining that hewas occupied in secret prayer.
finding that he still continued in thesame position, seymour called to him several times.
not receiving anyanswer, he extended his arm and shook price by the collar, fearing thathe had swooned from cold and fatigue.
price slowly raised his head, and looking at seymour, answered not.
hisvacant stare and wild eye proclaimed at once that reason had departed.
still, as it afterwards appeared, his ruling passion remained; and, fromthat incomprehensible quality of our structure, which proves that themind of man is more fearfully and wonderfully made than the body, thedesertion of one sense was followed by the return of another.
his_memory_ was perfect, now that his _reason_ was gone.
surveying thescene around him, he began with all the theatrical action which theropes that secured him would permit, to quote his favourite author:--  "`blow winds, and crack your cheeks--rage--blow,  you cataracts and hurricanoes, spout--'"`poor tom's a-cold'"--then, shuddering, he covered up his face, andresumed his former position.
"is this a time for spouting profane plays, mr price?"
said thefanatical boatswain, who was not aware of the poor man's insanity.
"hold your peace, and call not judgment on our heads, and i prophesythat we shall be saved.
`the waves of the sea are mighty, and ragehorribly; but yet the lord who dwelleth on high is mightier.'"
silence ensued, which, after a few minutes, was interrupted by seymourlamenting over the fate of captain m--- and the rest of the crew who hadperished.
"well, they are in heaven before this, i hope?"
observed robinson, thecaptain of the forecastle.
"`many are called, but few chosen,'" rejoined the boatswain, whoappeared, by the flashing of his eye, to be in a state of strongexcitement.
"no more in heaven than you would be, if the almighty waspleased to cut you off in his wrath."
"where then, mr hardsett?"
"surely not in--""i know--i know,"--cried price, who again lifted up his head, and, witha vacant laugh, commenced singing--  "nothing of him that doth fade  but doth suffer a sea-change  into something rich and strange.
sea nymphs hourly ring his knell!
now i hear them--ding-dong-bell."
"for shame, mr price!"
interrupted the boatswain.
"mr price, what does the scripture say?
`judgments are prepared forscorners,'" continued the boatswain with vehemence.
price had resumed his former attitude, and made no answer.
as soon asthe interruption of the lieutenant had ceased, robinson resumed hisinterrogatory to the boatswain: "where then?--not in hell, i hope."
"ay," returned the latter, "in the fire that is never quenched, and forever and ever."
"i hope not," replied robinson; "i may deserve punishment, and i know ido.
i've been overhauling my log-book, while the sea here has beendashing over my bows, and washing my figure-head; and there are somethings i wish i could forget;--they will rise up in judgment against me;but surely not for ever?"
"you should have thought of that before, my good fellow.
i am sorry foryou,--sorry for all those who have perished, for they were good seamen,and, in the worldly service, have done well.
i was reflecting the otherday whether, out of the whole navy, i should be able to muster onesingle ship's company in heaven."
"well, mr hardsett, it's my firm opinion, that when the hands areturned up for punishment in the next world, we shall be sarved outaccording to our desarts.
now, that's my belief; and i shan't change itfor yours, mr hardsett, for i thinks mine the more comfortable of thetwo."
"it won't do, robinson, you must have faith."
"so i have, in god's mercy, boatswain."
"that won't do.
yours is not the true faith."
"mayhap not, but i hope to ride it out with it nevertheless, for i haveit well backed with hope; and if i still drive,"--said robinson, musinga short time--"why, i have charity as a sheet-anchor, to bring me upagain.
it's long odds but our bodies will soon be knocked to shivers inthose breakers, and we shall then know who's right, and who's wrong.
isee small chance of our saving ourselves, unless indeed we could walk onthe sea, and there was but one that ever did that."
"had the apostle had faith, he would not have sunk," rejoined theboatswain.
"have you then more faith than the apostle?"
"i have, thanks be to jehovah, the true faith," cried the boatswain,raising his eyes and hands to heaven.
"then _walk on shore_," said the captain of the forecastle, looking himsteadfastly in the face.
stimulated by the request, which appeared to put his courage as a man,and his faith as a christian, to the test, and, at the moment, fanaticeven to insanity, the boatswain rose, and casting off the ropes which hehad wound round his body, was about to comply with robinson's request.
a few moments more, and the raging sea would have received him, had notour hero, in conjunction with the captain of the forecastle, held himdown with all his power.
"we doubt not your faith, mr hardsett," saidseymour, "but the time of miracles is past.
it would be self-murder.
he who raised the storm, will, in his own good time, save us, if hethinks fit."
price, who had listened to the conversation, and had watched the motionsof the boatswain, who was casting off the lashings which had securedhim, had, unperceived, done the same, and now jumped upon his legs, andcollared the astonished boatswain, roaring out--  "zounds, show me what thou'lt do!
woul't tear thyself?"
"why, he's mad!"
exclaimed the terrified boatswain, who was not far offthe point himself.
"not a soul  but felt a fever of the mad, and play'd  some tricks of desperation.
"the king's son, ferdinand,  with hair upstarting (then like reeds, not hair),  was the first man that leaped; cried, hell is empty,  and all the devils are here!"
as the maniac finished the last words, before they could be aware of hisintention, he made a spring from the deck over the bulwark, anddisappeared under the wave.
the boatswain, who had been diverted fromhis fanatical attempt by the unexpected attack of price, more than bythe remonstrances of his companions, resumed his position, folding hisarms, and casting his eyes to heaven.
the captain of the forecastle wassilent, and so was our hero--the thoughts of the two were upon the samesubject--eternity.
eternity--the only theme that confuses, humbles, and alarms the proudintellect of man.
what is it?
the human mind can grasp any definedspace, any defined time, however vast; but this is beyond time, and toogreat for the limited conception of man.
it had no beginning and canhave no end.
it cannot be multiplied, it cannot be divided, it cannotbe added unto--you may attempt to subtract from it, but it is useless.
take millions and millions of years from it, take all the time that canenter into the compass of your imagination, it is still whole andundiminished as before--all calculation is lost.
think on--the brainbecomes heated, and oppressed with a sensation of weight too powerfulfor it to bear; reason totters in her seat, and you rise with theconviction of the impossibility of the creature attempting to fathom thecreator--humiliated with the sense of your own nothingness, andimpressed with the tremendous majesty of the deity.
time is man--eternity is god!
thou art perfect, then, that our ship hath touched upon the deserts of  bohemia?
ay, my lord and fear we have landed in ill time.
about midnight the moon burst through the clouds, which gradually rolledaway to the western horizon, as if they had been furled by someinvisible spirits in the air.
the wind, after several feeble gusts,like the last breathings of some expiring creature unwilling to loosenthe "silver cord," subsided to a calm.
it then shifted round to theeastward.
the waves relaxed in their force until they did little morethan play upon the side of the wreck, so lately the object of theirfury.
the dark shadows of the rocks were no longer relieved by thewhite foam of the surf, which had raged among them with such violence.
before morning all was calm, and the survivors, as they shrunk andshivered in their wet garments, encouraged each other with the prospectof a speedy termination to their sufferings on the reappearance ofdaylight.
the sun rose in splendour, and seemed, as he darted hissearching rays through the cloudless expanse, to exclaim in his pride,"behold how i bring light and heat, joy and salvation, to you, latedespairing creatures!"
the rocks of the reef above water, which hadpreviously been a source of horror, and had been contemplated as thesure engines of their destruction, were now joyfully reckoned as so manyresting-spots for those who were about to attempt to reach the land.
the most daring and expert swimmers launched themselves into the water,and made for the nearest cluster of rocks, with difficulty gaining afooting on them, after clinging by the dark and slippery sea-weed whichcovered their tops, like shaggy hair on the heads of so many emerginggiants.
the waving of the hands of the party who had succeeded ingaining the rocks, encouraged a second to follow; while others, whocould not swim, were busily employed in searching for the means ofsupporting themselves in the water, and floating themselves on shore.
self, that had predominated, now lost its ground.
those who had allowedtheir shipmates to perish in attempting to gain the same place ofsecurity as themselves, without an effort in their favour, or one sighfor their unlucky fate, now that hope was revived almost to a certaintyof deliverance, showed as much interest in the preservation of otherslying in a state of exhaustion, as they did for their own.
theremaining officers recovered their authority, which had beendisregarded, and the shattered fragment of the _aspasia_ reassumed theirrights of discipline and obedience to the last.
in a few hours, sick,disabled, and wounded were all safely landed, and the raft which hadbeen constructed returned to the wreck, to bring on shore whatever mightbe useful.
our hero, who was the only officer who had been saved, with theexception of the boatswain, had taken upon himself the command, andoccupied himself with the arrangements necessary for the shelter andsustenance of his men.
a range of barren hills, abruptly rising fromthe iron-bound coast, covered with large fragments and detached piecesof rock, without any symptom of cultivation, or any domesticated animalin sight which might imply that human aid was not far distant, met theeye of seymour, as he directed it to every point, in hopes of succourfor his wounded and exhausted companions.
one of the men, whom he hadsent to reconnoitre, returned in a few minutes, stating, that behind ajutting rock, which he pointed to with his finger, not two hundred yardsdistant, he had discovered a hut, or what in ireland is termed ashealing, and that there appeared to be a bridle road from it leadingover the mountain.
to this shelter our hero determined to remove hisdisabled men, and in company with the boatswain and the man who hadreturned with the intelligence, set off to examine the spot.
passingthe rock, he perceived that the hut, which bore every sign, from itssmokeless chimney and air of negligence and decay, to have been sometime deserted, stood upon a piece of ground, about an acre in extent,which had once been cultivated, but was now luxuriant with a spontaneouscrop of weeds and thistles.
he approached the entrance, and as the rudedoor creaked upon its hinges when he threw it open, was saluted by afaint voice, which cried, "_qui va la_?"
"why there's irishmen inside," observed the sailor.
"frenchmen rather, i should imagine," replied our hero, as he enteredand discovered seven or eight of the unfortunate survivors of the frenchline-of-battle ship, who had crawled there, bruised, cut, and apparentlyin the last state of exhaustion.
"_bonjour, camarade_," said one of them, with difficulty raising himselfon his elbow--"_as-tu d'eau-de-vie_?"
"i am afraid not," replied seymour, looking with compassion on thegroup, all of which had their eyes directed towards him, although, fromtheir wounds and bruises, they were not able to turn their bodies.
"weare shipwrecked as well as you."
did you belong to that cursed frigate?"
"we did," replied seymour, "and there are but few of us alive to tellthe tale."
"_vive la france_!"
cried the frenchman; "_puisqu'elle n'a pasechappee--je n'ai plus des regrets_."
repeated the rest of the french party, in faint accents.
"_et moi, je meurs content_!"
murmured one, who, in a few secondsafterwards expired.
"are you the only survivors?"
"all that are left," replied the spokesman of the party, "out of eighthundred and fifty men.
"i hardly know what we have--something has been saved from the wreck,"replied seymour, "and shall cheerfully be shared with you with all theassistance we can afford.
we were enemies, but we are now brothers inaffliction.
i must quit you to bring up our wounded men; there issufficient room, i perceive, for all of us.
_adieu, pour le moment_!"
"_savez-vous que c'est un brave garcon ce lieutenant-la_?"
observed thefrenchman to his companions, as seymour and his party quitted the hut.
seymour returned to the beach, and, collecting his men, found thesurvivors to consist of forty-four seamen and marines, the boatswain andhimself.
of these, fifteen were helpless, from wounds and fracturedlimbs.
the articles which had been collected were a variety of sparsand fragments of wood, some of the small sails which had been triced upin the rigging, one or two casks of beef and pork, and a puncheon ofrum, which had miraculously steered its course between the breakers, andhad been landed without injury.
the sails which had been spread out todry, were first carried up to form a bed for the sick and wounded, who,in the space of an hour, were all made as comfortable as circumstanceswould admit, a general bed having been made on the floor of the hut,upon which they and the wounded frenchmen shared the sails between them.
the spars and fragments were then brought up, and a fire made in thelong deserted hearth, while another was lighted outside for the men todry their clothes.
the cask of rum was rolled up to the door, and aportion, mixed with the water from a rill that trickled down the sidesof the adjacent mountain, served out to the exhausted parties.
theseamen, stripping off their clothes, and spreading them out to drybefore the fire which had been made outside, collected into the hut toshield their naked bodies from the inclemency of the weather.
the spirits, which had been supplied with caution to the survivors ofthe french vessel, had been eagerly seized by the one who had firstaddressed our hero, and in half an hour he seemed to be quite revived.
he rose, and after trying his limbs, by moving slowly to and fro,gradually recovered the entire use of them; and by the time that thecirculation of his blood had been thoroughly restored by a second doseof spirits, appeared to have little to complain of.
he was a powerful,well-looking man, with a large head, covered with a profusion of shaggyhair.
seymour looked at him earnestly, and thought he could not well bemistaken, long as it was since they had been in company.
"excuse me--but i think we once met at cherbourg.
is not your namedebriseau?"
replied the frenchman, seizing himself by the hair, "_jesuis connu_!
and who are you?"
now i'm sure it's you," replied seymour, laughing--"that's your oldtrick--do you not recollect the boy that captain mcelvina took off thewreck?"
"_ah mon ami_--seymour, i believe--midshipman, i believe," crieddebriseau.
"_est-ce donc vous?
mais, mon dieu, que c'est drole_"(again pulling his hair as he grinded his teeth) "_un diable derencontre_!"
"and how is it that you have been on board of a french man-of-war?"
oh, i was unlucky after mcelvina went away, and i thought, onreflection, notwithstanding his arguments, that it was a dishonest sortof concern.
being pretty well acquainted with the coasts, i shipped onboard as pilot."
"but, debriseau, are you not a native of guernsey, which is part of thebritish dominions?"
it's all one, _mon ami_; we islanders are like the bat in thefable--beast or bird, as it suits us--we belong to either country.
formy own part, i have a strong national affection for _both_."
the conversation was here interrupted by the entrance of the boatswain,who had remained outside, in charge of the cask of rum, upon which hehad seated himself occupied with his bible.
"here's assistance coming,mr seymour.
there's at least twenty or thirty men descending thehill."
"hurrah for old ireland!
they are the boys that will look after a friendin distress," shouted conolly, one of the seamen, who thus eulogised hisown countrymen, as he hung naked over the fire.
with dauntless hardihood  and brandish'd blade rush on him,  and shed the luscious liquor on the ground,  ...though he and his cursed crew  fierce sign of battle make, and menace high.
the information received from mr hardsett induced our hero to break offhis conversation with debriseau, and he immediately quitted the hut.
aparty of men, wild in their appearance and demeanour, were bounding downthrough the rocks, flourishing their bludgeons over their heads, withloud shouts.
they soon arrived within a few yards of the shealing, and,to the astonishment of seymour and the boatswain, who, with a dozenmore, had resumed their clothes, seemed to eye them with hostile, ratherthan with friendly glances.
their intentions were, however, soonmanifested by their pouncing upon the habiliments of the seamen whichwere spread out to dry, holding them rolled up under one arm, while theyflourished their shillelahs in defiance with the other.
"avast there, my lads!"
cried the boatswain "why are you meddling withthose clothes?"
a shout, with confused answers in irish, was the incomprehensible reply.
"conolly," cried seymour, "you can speak to them.
ask them what theymean?"
conolly addressed them in irish, when an exchange of a few sentencestook place.
"bloody end to the rapparees!"
said conolly, turning to our hero.
"it'shelping themselves they're a'ter, instead of helping us.
they say allthat comes on shore from a wreck is their own by right, and that they'llhave it.
they asked me what was in the cask, and i told them it was thecratur, sure enough, and they say that they must have it, and everythingelse, and that if we don't give it up peaceably, they'll take the livesof us."
seymour, who was aware that the surrender of the means of intoxicationwould probably lead to worse results, turned to his men, who hadassembled outside of the hut, and had armed themselves with spars andfragments of the wreck on the first appearance of hostility, anddirected them to roll the cask of rum into the hut, and prepare to acton the defensive.
the english seamen, indignant at such violation ofthe laws of hospitality, and at the loss of their clothes, immediatelycomplied with his instructions, and, with their blood boiling, were withdifficulty restrained from commencing the attack.
a shaggy-headed monster, apparently the leader of the hostile party,again addressed conolly in his own language.
"it's to know whether ye'll give up the cask quietly, or have a fightfor it.
the devil a pair of trousers will they give back, not even myown, though i'm an irishman, and a galway man to boot.
by jesus, mrseymour, it's to be hoped ye'll not give up the cratur without a bit ofa row."
"no," replied seymour.
"tell them that they shall not have it, and thatthey shall be punished for the theft they have already committed."
"you're to come and take it," roared conolly, in irish, to the opposingparty.
"now, my lads," cried seymour, "you must fight hard for it--they willshow little mercy, if they gain the day."
the boatswain returned his bible to his breast, and seizing the mast ofthe frigate's jolly-boat, which had been thrown up with the other spars,poised it with both hands on a level with his head, so as to use thefoot of it as a battering-ram, and stalked before his men.
the irish closed with loud yells, and the affray commenced with adesperation seldom to be witnessed.
many were the wounds given andreceived, and several of either party were levelled in the dust.
thenumbers were about even; but the weapons of the irish were of a betterdescription, each man being provided with his own shillelah of hardwood, which he had been accustomed to wield.
but the boatswain didgreat execution, as he launched forward his mast, and prostrated anirishman every time, with his cool and well-directed aim.
after a fewminutes' contention, the englishmen were beaten back to the shealing,where they rallied, and continued to stand at bay.
seymour, anxious atall events that the irish should not obtain the liquor, directedrobinson, the captain of the forecastle, to go into the hut, take thebung out of the cask, and start the contents.
this order was obeyed,while the contest was continued outside, till mcdermot, the leader ofthe irish, called off his men, that they might recover their breath fora renewal of the attack.
"if it's the liquor you want," cried conolly to them, by the directionof seymour, "you must be quick about it.
there it's all running awaythrough the doors of the shealing."
this announcement had, however, the contrary effect to that whichseymour intended it should produce.
enraged at the loss of the spirits,and hoping to gain possession of the cask before it was all out, theirish returned with renewed violence to the assault, and drove theenglish to the other side of the shealing, obtaining possession of thedoor, which they burst into, to secure their prey.
about eight or tenhad entered, and had seized upon the cask, which was not more than halfemptied, when the liquor, which had run out under the door of the hut,communicated, in its course, with the fire that had been kindledoutside.
with the rapidity of lightning the flame ran up the streamthat continued to flow, igniting the whole of the spirits in the cask,which blew up with a tremendous explosion, darting the fiery liquid overthe whole interior, and communicating the flame to the thatch, and everypart of the building, which was instantaneously in ardent combustion.
the shrieks of the poor disabled wretches, stretched on the sails, towhich the fire had communicated, and who were now lying in a molten seaof flame like that described in pandemonium by milton--the yells of theirish inside of the hut, vainly attempting to regain the door, as theywrithed in their flaming apparel, which, like the shirt of nessus, ateinto their flesh--the burning thatch which had been precipitated in theair, and now descended in fiery flakes upon the parties outside, whostood aghast at the dreadful and unexpected catastrophe,--the volumes ofblack and suffocating smoke which poured out from every quarter, formeda scene of horror to which no pen can do adequate justice.
but all wassoon over.
the shrieks and yells had yielded to suffocation, and theflames, in their fury, had devoured everything with such rapidity, thatthey subsided for the want of further aliment.
in a few minutes,nothing remained but the smoking walls, and the blackened corpses whichthey encircled.
ye had escaped the lightning's blast--ye had beenrescued from the swallowing wave--and little thought that you wouldencounter an enemy more cruel still--your fellow-creature--man.
the first emotions of seymour and his party, as soon as they hadrecovered from the horror which had been excited by the catastrophe,were those of pity and commiseration; but their reign was short--  "revenge impatient rose, and threw his blood-stain'd sword in thunder  down."
the smoking ruins formed the altar at which he received their vows, andstimulated them to the sacrifice of further victims.
nor did he fail toinspire the breasts of the other party, indignant at the loss of theircompanions, and disappointed at the destruction of what they so ardentlycoveted.
debriseau, who had played no idle game in the previous skirmish, was thefirst who rushed to the attack.
crying out, with all the theatrical airof a frenchman, which never deserts him, even in the agony of grief,"_mes braves compagnons, vous serez venges_!"
he flew at mcdermot, theleader of the irish savages.
a brand of half-consumed wood, with which he aimed at mcdermot's head,broke across the bludgeon which was raised to ward the blow.
debriseauclosed; and, clasping his arms round his neck, tore him with his strongteeth with the power and ferocity of a tiger, and they rolled togetherin the dust, covered with the blood which poured in streams, andstruggling for mastery and life.
an american, one of the _aspasia's_crew, now closed in the same way with another of the irish desperadoes,and as they fell together, twirling the side-locks on the temples of hisantagonist round his fingers to obtain a fulcrum to his lever, heinserted his thumbs into the sockets of his eyes, forced out the ballsof vision, and left him in agony and in darkness.
"the sword of the lord!"
roared the boatswain, as he fractured the skullof a third with the mast of the boat, which, with herculean force, henow whirled round his head.
"fight, _aspasias_, you fight for your lives," cried seymour, who waseverywhere in advance, darting the still burning end of the large sparinto the faces of his antagonists, who recoiled with suffocation andpain.
it was, indeed, a struggle for life; the rage of each had mountedto delirium.
the english sailors, stimulated by the passions of themoment, felt neither pain nor fatigue from their previous sufferings.
the want of weapons had been supplied by their clasp knives, to whichthe irish had also resorted, and deadly wounds were given and received.
mcdermot, the irish leader, had just gained the mastery of debriseau,bestriding his body and strangling him, with his fingers so fixed in histhroat that they seemed deeply to have entered into the flesh.
theguernsey man was black in the face, and his eyes starting from theirsockets: in a few minutes he would have been no more, when the mast inthe hands of the boatswain descended upon the irishman's head, anddashed out his brains.
at the same moment, one of the irishmen dartedhis knife into the side of seymour, who fell, streaming with his ownblood.
the fate of their officer, which excited the attention of theseamen, and the fall of mcdermot, on the opposite side, to whoseassistance the irish immediately hastened, added to the suspension oftheir powers from want of breath, produced a temporary cessation ofhostilities.
dragging away their killed and wounded, the pantingantagonists retreated to the distance of a few yards from each other,tired, but not satisfied with their revenge, and fully intending toresume the strife as soon as they had recovered the power.
but a veryfew seconds had elapsed, when they were interrupted by a third party;and the clattering of horses' hoofs was immediately followed by theappearance of a female on horseback, who, galloping past the irishmen,reined up her steed, throwing him on his haunches, in his full career,in the space between the late contending parties.
"'tis the daughter of the house!"
exclaimed the irishmen, inconsternation.
there wanted no such contrast as the scene described to add lustre toher beauty, or to enhance her charms.
fair as the snow-drift, hercheeks mantling with the roseate blush of exercise and animation--herglossy hair, partly uncurled, and still played with by the amorousbreeze, hanging in long ringlets down her neck--her eye, whichalternately beamed with pity or flashed with indignation, as it wasdirected to one side or the other--her symmetry of form, which the closeriding-dress displayed--her graceful movements, as she occasionallyrestrained her grey palfrey, who fretted to resume his speed, allcombined with her sudden and unexpected appearance to induce theboatswain and his men to consider her as superhuman.
"she's an angel of light!"
muttered the boatswain to himself.
she turned to the irish, and, in an energetic tone, addressed them intheir own dialect.
what she had said was unknown to the english party,but the effect which her language produced was immediate.
their weaponswere thrown aside, and they hung down their heads in confusion.
theymade an attempt to walk away, but a few words from her induced them toremain.
the fair equestrian was now joined by two more, whose pace had not beenso rapid; and the boatswain, who had been contemplating her withastonishment, as she was addressing the irish, now that she was about toturn towards him, recollected that some of his men were not exactly in acostume to meet a lady's eye.
he raised his call to his mouth, and,with a sonorous whistle, cried out, "all you without trousers behindshealing, hoy!"
an order immediately obeyed by the men who had beendeprived of their habiliments.
conolly, who had understood the conversation which had taken place,called out in irish, at the same time as he walked round behind thewalls, "i think ye'll be after giving us our duds now, ye dirtyspalpeens, so bring 'um wid you quick;" a request which was immediatelycomplied with, the clothes being collected by two of the irish, andtaken to the men who had retired behind the walls of the shealing.
mr hardsett was not long in replying to her interrogations, and ingiving her an outline of the tragical events which had occurred, whilethe ladies, trembling with pity and emotion, listened to the painfulnarrative.
"are you the only officer then of the frigate that is left?"
"no, madam," replied the boatswain, "the third-lieutenant is here; butthere he lies, poor fellow, desperately wounded by these men, from whomwe expected to have had relief."
"what was the name of your frigate?"
"the _aspasia_, captain m---."
cried the girl, catching at the collar of the boatswain'scoat in her trepidation.
"and the wounded officer's name?"
a cry of anguish and horror escaped from all the party as the beautifulinterrogatress tottered in her seat, and then fell off into the arms ofthe boatswain.
in a few seconds, recovering herself, she regained her feet.
"quick,quick--lead me to him."
supported by hardsett, she tottered to the spot where seymour lay, withhis eyes closed, faint and exhausted with loss of blood, attended byrobinson and debriseau.
she knelt down by his side, and taking his hand, which she pressedbetween her own, called him by his name.
seymour started at the sound of the voice, opened his eyes, and in thebeauteous form which was reclining over him, beheld his dear, dearemily.
what perils do environ  the man that meddles with cold iron;  what plaguey mischiefs and mishaps  to dog him still with after-claps.
the melancholy loss of lives which we have detailed, occurred upon areef of rocks close to cape ---, on the coast of galway, and not fourmiles from the castle and property held by mr rainscourt.
theintelligence had been communicated to mcelvina by some of his tenants,early in the morning of the day on which the survivors had gained theshore.
the western gales, sweeping the atlantic, and blowing with suchfury on the coast, would not permit any vegetation or culture so nearthe beach; but when once past the range of hills which exposed theirrugged sides as barriers to the blast, the land was of good quality, andthickly tenanted.
the people were barbarous to an excess, and, as theyhad stated, claimed a traditionary right to whatever property might bethrown up from the numerous wrecks which took place upon the dangerousand iron-bound coast.
this will account for the tragical events of theday.
when mcelvina was informed of vessels having been stranded, heimmediately went up to the castle to procure the means of assistance,which were always held there in readiness, and as many of rainscourt'speople as could be collected.
this, however, required some littledelay; and emily, shocked at the imperfect intelligence which had beenconveyed to her, determined to ride down immediately, in company withmrs mcelvina, and a young friend who was staying with her during herfather's absence.
on their arrival at the sea-range of hills, theexplosion of the shealing, and subsequent conflict between the parties,met their eyes.
emily's fears, and knowledge of the irish peasantry,immediately suggested the cause, and, aware of her influence with therainscourt tenants, she made all the haste that the roads would permitto arrive at the spot, galloping down the hill, in so bold and dexterousa style, that her companions neither could nor would have dared to keeppace with her.
how fortunate was her arrival need hardly be observed,as in all probability the english seamen would eventually have beensacrificed to the cupidity and resentment of the natives.
"william, do you know me?"
whispered emily, as the tears ran down hercheeks, and her countenance betrayed the anguish of her mind.
seymour pressed the small white hand that trembled in his own, and afaint smile illuminated his features; but the excitement at theappearance of emily was too great--the blood again gushed from hiswound, his eyes closed, and his head fell on his shoulder, as he swoonedfrom the loss of blood.
"oh, god, preserve him!"
cried emily clasping her hands, and raising hereyes to heaven, and then sinking down in mental and fervent prayer.
"my dear mcelvina, i am so glad that you have come at last," said susan,bursting into tears.
"look at whose side emily is kneeling--'tiswilliam seymour, dying."
cried mcelvina, who had but that moment arrived; but aware ofthe importance of prompt assistance, he called for the basket containingthe restoratives, and gently removing emily, he took her situation bythe side of our wounded hero.
to strip off his clothes, examine the wound, bandage it, so as toprevent a further loss of blood, and pour down his throat some dilutedwine, was the work of a few minutes.
seymour, who had only fainted,reopened his eyes, and soon showed the good effects of mcelvina'spresence of mind.
"mcelvina,--is it not?--did not i see emily?"
"yes, you did, my dear fellow; but keep quiet.
i do not think yourwound is dangerous."
"i am better now, mcelvina--much better; but i must see emily."
mcelvina thought it advisable to accede to his wish, and returned to hiswife, who was supporting the fainting girl.
a glass of water, theassurance that seymour would do well, if not too much agitated, and apromise exacted from her to say but little, was followed by an interviewwhich had a reviving effect upon both.
medical practitioners, who dive into the inmost recesses of the humanframe in pursuit of knowledge, and who search through the mineral andvegetable kingdom for relief, when will you produce a balm so healing, aspecific so powerful, an elixir so instantaneous or restorative, as--joy?
mcelvina was in the meantime occupied in preparations for removing thewounded, and portioning out food and necessaries to the rest of theparty.
when he beheld the sad relics in the shealing, and heard fromthe boatswain the tragical events of the day, his indignation was beyondbounds.
seven frenchmen, fifteen englishmen, and eight irishmen, hadbeen burnt alive; three englishmen and five irishmen had been killed inthe affray; making, independently of many severely wounded, a total ofthirty-eight who had perished on this disastrous morning.
the irish who had attacked them were all tenants of the propertybelonging either to him or rainscourt--an immediate notice to quit wasgiven to them on the spot, and the dreadful word, emigration, thunderedin their ears.
this brought them on their knees, with such crying andbeseeching, such uncouth and ridiculous gestures, as almost to create alaugh among the english seamen who were witnesses to the scene.
"well, if them ain't funny beggars, i'll be blowed," cried one of theenglish seamen.
"just the wae wid 'em," observed conolly, "all honey or all vinegar--there's never a good turn they won't do ye now.
if it had not been forthe `cratur', there wouldn't have been this blow-up."
but to continue.
the bodies of the dead in the shealing were consignedto the earth as they lay, the four walls composing a mausoleum whereanimosity was buried.
the corpses of mcdermot, and the irish who hadbeen killed in the conflict, were removed by their friends, that theymight be waked.
by the direction of mcelvina the wounded english werecarried up by their former antagonists to the small town at the foot ofthe castle, where surgical assistance was to be obtained.
seymour wasplaced on a sort of bier that had been constructed for him, emily andher companions riding by his side; and the cavalcade wound up the hill,the rear brought up by mr hardsett and the remainder of the englishcrew.
in two hours all were at their respective destinations; andseymour, who had been examined by the surgeon upon his arrival at thecastle, and whose wound had been pronounced by no means dangerous, wasin bed and fast asleep, susan and emily watching by his side.
debriseau, who had recognised his quondam friend mcelvina, and perceivedby his appearance, and the respect that was shown to him, that he hadbeen more fortunate in his career, since they had parted, than he hadhimself, from a proud feeling of the moment, did not make himself known.
that mcelvina, who had no idea of meeting him in such a quarter, shouldnot, in the hurry of the scene, distinguish his former associate,covered as he was with dust and blood, and having the appearance more ofa new zealand warrior than of any other living being, was notsurprising--and debriseau joined the english party in the rear of thecavalcade, and remained with them at the town, while mcelvina and therest of the cortege continued their route to the castle, with thewounded seymour.
as soon as our hero's wound had been dressed, and the favourable opinionof the surgeon had been pronounced, mcelvina rode down to the town, tomake arrangements for the board and lodging of the english seamen.
itwas then that he was asked by mr hardsett, what was to be done with thefrenchman who had been saved.
"where is he?"
debriseau was summoned to the magistrate, and having cleaned himself ofthe dust and gore, was immediately recognised.
exclaimed mcelvina, with astonishment, and a look ofdispleasure.
"even so, captain mcelvina," replied debriseau haughtily; "you do notseem very well pleased at meeting an old acquaintance."
"captain debriseau, will you do me the favour to step on one side withme.
i will `be honest,' with you," continued mcelvina to theguernseyman, when they were out of hearing of the boatswain and therest; "and confess that, although i wish you well, i was not pleased atmeeting with you here.
you addressed me as captain mcelvina--that titlehas long been dropped.
i did once confide to you the secret of myformer life, and will own, what i little imagined at the time, that ihave in consequence put it into your power to do me serious injury.
youmust now listen to me, while i give you a sketch of my memoirs, from thetime that we parted at cherbourg."
mcelvina then entered into a short history of what the reader isacquainted with.--"judge, then, debriseau," pursued he, "if, after whathas passed, i could `_honestly_' say that i was glad to see you--who notonly, by your presence, reminded me of my former irregularities, but hadthe means, if you thought proper, of acquainting my friends andacquaintances with what i wish i could forget myself."
"captain--i beg your pardon--mr mcelvina," replied debriseau withdignity, "i will be as honest as you.
i am here without a sou, andwithout a shirt, and when i leave this, i know not where to lay my handupon either; but rather than betray a confidence reposed in me, ratherthan injure one who always was my friend, or, what is still moreunworthy, attempt to work upon your fears to my own advantage, i wouldsuffer death, nay, more--_sacristie_--i would sooner turn custom-houseofficer.
no, no, mcelvina--_je suis francais, moi_--bah, i mean i am atrue englishman.
never mind what i am--all countries are alike, if aman's heart is in the right place.
i sincerely wish you joy of yourgood fortune, and know nobody that in my opinion deserves it more.
ishall go to prison with some resignation, now that i know you have beenso fortunate; and do me not the injustice to imagine that you will everbe troubled by either seeing or hearing from me."
"i waited for this answer, debriseau: had you made any other, i wouldhave run the risk and defied you; nothing would have induced me to haveoffered to bribe your silence.
but i rejoice in your honest and manlyconduct--`honesty is the best policy,' debriseau.
i can now offer, andyou can accept, without blushing on either side, that assistance which ihave both the power and will to grant.
there is no occasion for yourgoing to prison.
i make the returns as magistrate, and, as you are anenglish subject, will be answerable for the omission.
we are too farfrom the world here to have any questions asked.
and now let me knowhow i can be of any service to you, for my purse and interest you maycommand."
"well, then, to tell you the truth, i am fit for nothing on shore.
imust have another vessel, if i can get one."
"not a smuggling vessel, i hope," replied mcelvina, gravely.
"i should prefer it certainly.
why, there's no harm in smuggling, if irecollect your arguments right," replied debriseau, smiling.
"do youremember the night that you convinced me?"
"i do, very well," said mcelvina; "but i have reconsidered the subject,and i have one little remark to make, which will upset the whole theory,which is, that other people acting wrong cannot be urged as an excusefor our own conduct.
if it were, the world would soon be left withoutvirtue or honesty.
you may think me scrupulous; but i am sincere.
cannot you hit upon something else?"
"why, i should have no objection to command a fine merchant vessel, if icould obtain such a thing."
"that you shall," replied mcelvina; "and to make sure of it, and renderyou more independent, you shall be part owner.
consider it as _uneaffaire arrangee_.
and now allow me to offer you the means of improvingyour personal appearance--i presume the leathern bag is empty?"
a long while ago.
after i had lost my vessel, i made up tomademoiselle picardon; i thought it would not be a bad speculation--butshe never forgave me kicking that dirty puppy down stairs--littlebeast!"
you forget some of my remarks," replied mcelvina, laughing--"`loveme, love my dog.'
now oblige me by accepting this; and, debriseau(excuse me), there's a capital barber in this street.
under his lordship's leave, all must be mine.
the first moments of leisure that mcelvina could obtain from his dutieswere employed in writing to the vicar, informing him of the reappearanceof seymour, under such peculiar circumstances; and requesting hisimmediate presence, that our hero's claims to the property of admiral decourcy might be established.
as before observed, rainscourt was not atthe castle, nor was he expected for some days, having accepted aninvitation to join a shooting party some miles distant.
a letter wasdespatched to him by his daughter, detailing the circumstances of theshipwreck, stating that the wounded officer was in the castle, and that,in consequence, until his return, mrs mcelvina would remain as hercompanion.
although the wound that seymour had received had been pronounced by thesurgeon not to be of a dangerous tendency, still, he did not recover sorapidly as might have been expected from his youth and excellentconstitution.
the fact was, that all his love for emily, who wasconstantly at his side, and could not conceal her regard for him, hadreturned with tenfold violence.
the same honourable principle which hadbefore decided him--that of not taking advantage of her prepossession inhis favour, and permitting her to throw away herself and her largefortune upon one of unknown parentage and penniless condition,--militated against his passion, and caused such a tumult of contendingfeelings, as could not but affect a person in his weak state.
a slowfever came on, which retarded the cure, and even threatened more seriousconsequences.
madame de stael has truly observed, that love occupies the whole life ofa woman.
it is not therefore surprising that women should be moreskilful in detecting the symptoms of it in others.
mrs mcelvina, withthe usual penetration of her sex, discovered what was passing in themind of seymour, and communicated her suspicions to her husband.
as forsome days the health of our hero rather declined than improved, mcelvinadetermined to entrust him with the secret of his birth, which, byremoving all difficulties, he imagined would produce a beneficialeffect.
but there was one point which mcelvina could not conceal fromour hero, which was the melancholy fact of his father having, under anassumed name, fallen a sacrifice to the offended laws of his country;and the knowledge of this had so serious an effect upon seymour, asalmost to neutralise the joy arising from the rest of the communication.
the first question which he asked himself was, whether emily would orought to marry a man whose father had perished by so ignominious adeath; and, now that all other impediments to his making her an offer ofhis hand were removed, whether that circumstance alone would not be aninsuperable bar to their union.
agitated by these conflicting doubtsseymour passed a sleepless night, and on the ensuing morning his feverhad alarmingly increased.
this was observed by the surgeon, who statedthat he could not account for it, except by supposing that there wassomething heavy on the mind of his patient, which, unless removed, wouldretard, if not prevent, recovery.
susan, who with her husband had imagined that the disclosure which hadtaken place would have had a beneficial effect, hastened to the sickchamber, and soon persuaded our hero to make her a confidant of hisdoubts and fears.
"there is but one who can satisfy you on that point,my dear william," replied she; "for although i feel convinced that i cananswer for her, it is not exactly a case of proxy--mcelvina will be heredirectly, and then i will obtain his permission to disclose the whole toemily, and you will have the answer from her own lips."
in the course of the forenoon, emily was made acquainted with theeventful history of our hero's birth and parentage--of her no longerbeing an heiress--of his ardent love for her, and of the fears that heentertained upon the subject.
"i am only sorry for one thing," replied emily, "that he did not ask meto marry him when i thought that i was an heiress--now, if i accept him,i am afraid it may be thought--oh, if you knew how i have loved him--howi have thought of him when far away," cried the sobbing girl, "you wouldnot--no one would think me capable of interested motives.--i am so gladthe property is his," continued emily, looking and smiling through hertears.
"why, my dear emily, if you begin to make difficulties, we shall beworse than ever.
there never was a more fortunate occurrence than thisattachment between you and seymour.
it reconciles all difficulties,puts an end to all chancery suits, and will shower general happiness,when some at least must have been made miserable.
come with me--williamis very feverish this morning: you only can do him good."
mrs mcelvina led the agitated girl into the sick chamber, andwhispering to seymour that emily knew all, and that all was well, was sovery imprudent as to allow her feelings to overcome her sense ofchaperonism, and left them together.
i am aware that i now have a fair opportunity of inserting a mostinteresting conversation, full of _ohs_ and _ahs, dears_ and _sweets_,etcetera, which would be much relished by all misses of seventeen, orthereabouts; but as i do not write novels for them, and the young couplehave no secrets to which the reader is not already a party, i shallleave them to imagine the explanation, with all its concomitantretrospections and anticipations, softened with tears and sweetened withkisses; and, as the plot now thickens, change the scene to thedressing-room of rainscourt, who had now just risen, at his usual hour,viz., between two and three in the afternoon.
his french valet is inattendance shaving him, and dressing his hair, and communicating whatlittle intelligence he has been enabled to collect for his master'samusement.
"monsieur has not seen the young officer who was wounded?"
"no; i wonder why they brought him up here.
what sort of a person ishe?"
"_c'est un joli garcon, monsieur, avec l'air bien distingue_.--i carriedin the water this morning when his wound was dressed, for i had thecuriosity to see him--_c'est un diable de blessure_--and the youngofficer has a very singular mark on his right shoulder, like--_commentl'appelez-vous?--pied du corbeau_."
rainscourt started under the operation of the razor: he remembered themark of the grandchild, so minutely described by the vicar.
"_pardon, monsieur, ce n'est pas ma faute_," said the valet, applying anapkin to stanch the blood which flowed from his master's cheek.
"it was not," replied rainscourt, recovering himself; "i had a slightspasm."
the operation was continued, and fortunately had just been finished whenthe valet resumed,--"_et rappelez-vous monsieur le vicaire de ---.
ilest arrive hier au soir_, on a visit to mr mcelvina."
"the devil he is?"
replied rainscourt, springing from his chair, at thecorroborating incident to his previous ground of alarm.
the astonished countenance of the valet restored the master to hissenses.
"bring me my coffee--i am nervous this morning."
but rainscourt had not long to endure suspense.
he had barely finishedhis toilet, when he was informed that the vicar, mcelvina, and someother gentlemen, were below, and wished to speak to him.
rainscourt,anxious to know the worst, descended to the library, where he found theparties before mentioned, accompanied by debriseau and a legalgentleman.
we shall not enter into details.
to the dismay ofrainscourt, the identity of our hero was established beyond all doubt,and he felt convinced that eventually he should be forced to surrenderup the property.
his indignation was chiefly levelled at mcelvina, whomhe considered as the occasion of the whole, not only from having rescuedour hero from the wreck, but because it was by his assertions,corroborated by debriseau, that the chain of evidence was clearlysubstantiated.
mcelvina, who, from long acquaintance, had a feelingtowards rainscourt which his conduct did not deserve, waited only forhis acknowledgment of our hero's claim to communicate the circumstanceof the attachment between the young people, which would have barred allfurther proceedings, and have settled it in an amicable arrangement.
"well, gentlemen," observed rainscourt, "if you can satisfactorily provein a court of justice all you have now stated, i shall of course bow toits decision; but you must excuse me if, out of regard to my daughter, iresist, until the assertions can be substantiated on oath.
you cannotexpect otherwise."
"we do not expect otherwise, mr rainscourt," replied mcelvina,--"but wethink it will not be necessary that it should go into court."
"mr mcelvina," interrupted rainscourt, angrily,--"i wish noobservations from you.
after your intimacy with the family,particularly with my daughter, who, by your means, will probably forfeitall her prospects, i consider your conduct base and treacherous.
you'llexcuse my ringing the bell for the servant to show you the door."
mcelvina turned pale with rage.
"then, sir, you shall have nosuggestions from me.
come, gentlemen, we will retire," continuedmcelvina, now determined that rainscourt should be left in ignorance forthe present; and the parties quitted the room, little contemplating thatsuch direful consequences would ensue from this trifling altercation.
was there ever seen such villany,  so neatly plotted, and so well performed,  both held in hand, and flatly both beguiled?
jew of malta.
the feelings of rainscourt were worked up to desperation and madness.
as soon as the party had quitted the room, he paced up and down,clenching his fists and throwing them in the air, as his blood boiledagainst mcelvina, whom he considered as his mortal enemy.
to send him achallenge, with the double view of removing him and his testimony, andat the same time of glutting his own revenge, was the idea that floateduppermost in his confused and heated brain.
to surrender up theestates--to be liable for the personal property which he hadsquandered--to sink at once from affluence to absolute pauperism, if notto incarceration,--it was impossible.
he continued his rapid movementto and fro, dividing his thoughts between revenge and suicide, when atap at the door roused him from his gloomy reveries.
it was the surgeonwho attended seymour; he came to pay his respects, and make a report ofhis patient's health to rainscourt, whom he had not seen since hisreturn to the castle.
"your most obedient, sir.
i am sorry that my patient was not so wellwhen i saw him this morning.
i hope to find him better when i goupstairs."
replied rainscourt, a faint gleam of deliverance from his dilemmasshining upon his dark and troubled mind.
"yes, indeed," replied the medical gentleman, who, like many others,made the most of his cases, to enhance the value of his services; liketom thumb, who "made the giants first, and then killed them,"--"a greatdeal of fever, indeed--i do not like the symptoms.
but we must see whatwe can do."
"do you think that there is any chance of his not recovering?"
askedrainscourt, with emphasis.
"it's hard to say, sir; many much worse have recovered, and many not soill have been taken off.
if the fever abates, all will go well--if itdoes not, we must hope for the best," replied the surgeon, shrugging uphis shoulders.
"then he might die of the wound, and fever attending it?"
"most certainly he might.
he might be carried off in twenty-fourhours."
"thank you for your visit, mr b---," replied rainscourt, who did notwish for his further company.
"good morning, sir," replied the surgeon, as rainscourt politely bowedhim out of the room.
rainscourt again paced up and down.
"he might die of this fever andwound in twenty-four hours.
there could be nothing surprising in it;"and as he cogitated the demon entered his soul.
he sat down and pressedhis hands to his burning temples, as he rested his elbows on the tablemany minutes, perplexed in a chaotic labyrinth of evil thoughts, tillthe fiend pointed out the path which must be pursued.
he summoned the old nurse.
those who have lived in, or are acquaintedwith the peculiarities and customs of the sister kingdom, must know thatthe attachment of the lower irish to their masters amounts to almostself-devotion.
norah had nursed rainscourt at her breast, and,remaining in the family, had presided over the cradle of emily--adheringto rainscourt in his poverty, and, now, in the winter of her daysbasking in the sun of his prosperity.
"the blessings of the day upon the master," said the old woman as sheentered.
rainscourt locked the door.
"norah," said he, "i have bad news to tellyou.
are you aware that the castle is no longer mine?"
"the castle no longer yours!
och hone," replied the old woman, openingher eyes wide with astonishment.
"that i am a beggar, and shall be sent to prison?"
"the master to prison--och hone!"
"that my daughter is no longer an heiress, but without a shilling?"
"the beautiful child without a shilling--och hone!"
"that you will have to leave--be turned out of the castle!"
"me turned out of the castle--och hone!"
"yes, norah, all this will take place in a few days."
"and who will do it?"
"why, the young man upstairs, whose life we are saving.
so much forgratitude."
och hone--and so young--and so beautiful, too, as he is."
"but he may die, norah."
"sure enough he may die," replied the old woman, brightening up at theidea.
"it's a bad fever that's on him."
"and he may recover, norah."
"sure enough he may recover," replied she, mournfully; "he's but youngblood."
"now, norah, do you love your master--do you love your young mistress?"
"do i love the master and the mistress?"
replied the old womanindignantly; "and it's you that's after asking me such a question!"
"can you bear to see us turned out of house and home--to be cast on thewide world with poverty and rags?
will you permit it, when, byassisting me, you can prevent it?"
"can i bear it?
will i assist?--tell me the thing that you'd have medo, that's all."
"i said that the wounded person might die.--norah, he _must_ die."
the old woman looked up earnestly at rainscourt's face, as if tounderstand him.
--then remaining with her head down for sometime, as if in cogitation; she again looked up.
"will father o'sullivangive me absolution for that?"
"he will--he shall--i will pay for ten thousand masses for your soulover and above."
"but what would you have me do--so young and so beautiful, too!
i'llthink over it to-night.
i never sleep much now, the rats are sotroublesome."
cried rainscourt; "why not get some arsenic?"
echoed the old woman; "is it arsenic for the rats you mean?"
"yes," replied rainscourt, significantly; "for all sorts of rats--thosewho would undermine the foundation of an ancient house."
"sure it's an old house, that of the rainscourts," replied the nurse;"but i'm giddy a little--i'll think a bit."
in a second or two, herface brightened up a little.
"why don't you marry the two together?
such a handsome couple as they'd be!"
"marry, you old fool!
do you think, now that he is aware that all theproperty is his, that he would marry emily, without a sixpence?
"true--and it's the arsenic you want, then?--and you're sure that thepriest will give absolution?"
"sure," replied rainscourt, out of patience; "come to me at daylightto-morrow morning."
"well, i'll think about it to-night when i'm asleep.--and so young, andso beautiful, too.
murmured the old woman, as she unlockedthe door, and with tremulous gait quitted the room.
rainscourt, left to himself again became the prey to conflictingpassions.
although his conscience had long been proof against anyremorse at the commission of the every-day crimes which stained theearth, yet it recoiled at meditated murder.
more than once hedetermined to leave it all to chance, and if seymour did recover, to flythe country with all the money he could raise; but the devil hadpossession, and was not to be cast out.
the door was again opened, and emily, radiant with happiness after theinterview with seymour, in which she had plighted and received the trothof her beloved, entered the room.
"my dear father, mr seymour is so much better this evening."
"would he were in his grave!"
replied rainscourt, bitterly.
emily had come in, at the request of seymour, to state to her fatherwhat had taken place, but this violent exclamation deterred her.
shethought that it was not a favourable moment, and she retired, wishinghim good night, with no small degree of indignation expressed in hercountenance at his iniquitous wish.
she retired to her chamber--heranger was soon chased away by the idea that it was for her sake that herfather was so irritated, and that to-morrow all would be well.
bendingto her creator in gratitude and love, and not forgetting seymour in herorisons, she laid her head upon her pillow, and visions of futurehappiness filled her dreams in uninterrupted succession.
enjoy them, beautiful and innocent one!
revel in them, if it werepossible, to satiety--for they are thy last enjoyment.
how much wouldthe misery of this world be increased, if we were permitted to dive intofuturity.
the life of a man is a pilgrimage in error and in darkness.
the _ignis fatuus_ that he always pursues, always deceives him, yet heis warned in vain--at the moment of disappointment, he resolves--seesanother, and pursues again.
the fruit is turned to ashes in his mouthat the fancied moment of enjoyment--warning succeeds warning--disappointment is followed up by disappointment every grey hair in hishead may be considered as a sad memento of dear-bought, yet uselessexperience--still he continues, spurred on by hope, anticipatingeverything, in pursuit of nothing, until he stumbles into his grave, andall is over.
little did mcelvina and the vicar think what the consequences would beof their leaving rainscourt in his wrath.
little did rainscourt and thenurse imagine how dreadful and how futile would be the results of theirwicked intentions.
little did the enamoured and guileless pair, who nowslumbered in anticipated bliss, contemplate what, in the never-ceasingparturition of time, the morrow would bring forth.
early in the morning, rainscourt, who was awake, and who had not takenoff his clothes, was startled by a low tapping at his door.
it was thenurse.
"well," said rainscourt, hastily, "have you procured what we weretalking of?"
"i have indeed; but--""no buts, norah, or we part for ever.
where is it?
who is with him?"
"one of the women.
i tould her i would nurse him after daylight."
"when does he take his fever draughts?"
"every two hours--och hone, he'll take but one more.--so young, and sobeautiful, too."
"silence, fool; go and send the other woman to bed, and then bring inone of the draughts."
the old nurse turned back as she was hobbling away--"and the absolution?"
"away, and do as i order you," cried rainscourt, with violence.
"blessed jesus, don't talk so loud!
it's the whole house will hearyou," said the hag, beseechingly, as she left the room.
she returned with the draught.
rainscourt poured in the powder, andshook it with desperation.
"now this is the first draught he must take; give it him directly."
cried the old woman, as she received the vial in hertrembling hands.
"go; and come back and tell me when he has taken it."
norah left the room.
rainscourt waited her return in a state of mind sohorribly painful that large drops of perspiration poured from hisforehead.
at one moment, he would have recalled her--the next beggarystared him in the face, and his diabolical resolution was confirmed.
his agony of suspense became so intense that he could wait no longer.
he went to the door of the sick chamber, and opening it gently, lookedin.
the old woman was sitting down on the floor, crouched, with her elbowson her knees, and her face and head covered over with her cloak.
thenoise of the hinges startled her; she uncovered her head and looked up.
rainscourt made signs to her, inquiring whether he had taken thedraught.
she shook her head.
he pointed his finger angrily, desiringher to give it.
the old woman sank on her knees, and held up her handsin supplication.
rainscourt beckoned her out--she followed him to hisown room.
"do you see these pistols?"
said rainscourt--"they are loaded.
immediately obey my orders--promise me, on your soul that you will, oryou shall be the occasion of your master's death.
continued he,putting one of the pistols to his ear, and his finger to the trigger.
"i will do it--on my soul i will, master dear," cried norah.
"only putaway the pistols, and if he were thousands more beautiful, and if mysoul is to be burnt for ever, i'll do it."
again she returned to the chamber of the victim, followed by rainscourt,who stood at the door to fortify her resolution.
seymour was awoke by the old beldame--from a dream in which the form ofemily blessed his fancy--to take the fatal draught now poured out andpresented to him.
accustomed to the febrifuge at certain hours, hedrank it off in haste, that he might renew his dreaming happiness.
"what is it?
it burns my throat!"
"it's not the like of what you have taken before," said the old woman,shuddering, as she offered him some water to take the taste away.
"thank you, nurse," said seymour, as he again sank on his pillow.
you see he is departing.
let me come to him; give me him as he is.
if he be turned to  earth, let me but give him one hearty kiss, and you shall put us both  into one coffin.
it was but a few minutes after the scene described in the last chapter,that emily awoke from her slumbers, and chid the sun for rising beforeher.
as soon as she was dressed, she descended to inquire after thehealth of him whose fate was now entwined with her own.
she gentlyopened the door of the room.
the shutters were yet closed, but the sunpoured his rays through the chinks, darting, in spite of theobstruction, a light which rendered the night-lamp useless.
thecurtains of the bed were closed, and all was quiet.
norah sat upon thefloor, her eyes fixed upon the ceiling with wild and haggard look, andas she passed the beads which she was telling from one finger to theother (her lips in rapid and convulsive motion, but uttering no sound),it appeared as if she thought the remnant of her life too short for theprayers which she had to offer to the throne above.
emily, having in vain attempted to catch her eye, and fearful of wakingseymour, tripped gently across, and pushed the nurse by the shoulder,beckoning her out of the chamber.
norah followed her mistress into anopposite room, when emily, who had been alarmed by the behaviour of theold woman, spoke in a low and hurried tone.
"good heavens, what is thematter, norah?
you look so dreadful.
is he worse?"
said the nurse, her thoughts evidently wandering.
"tell me, nurse--answer me, is he worse?"
"i don't know," replied norah; "the doctor will tell."
"oh god; he's worse--i'm sure he is," cried emily, bursting into tears.
"what will become of me, if my dear, dear seymour--""_your_ dear seymour?"
cried the startled norah.
"yes, my dear seymour.
i did not tell you--i love him, nurse--he lovesme--we have plighted our troth; and if he dies, what will become of me?"
continued the sobbing girl.
and is it the truth and the real truth that you're tellingme, and _was_ he to be your husband?"
"_was_ he!--he _is_, norah.
what did you mean by _was_ he?"
criedemily, in hurried accents, seizing the old woman by the wrist, with alook of fearful anxiety.
"did i say, was he?
i did sure, enough, and it's true too.
i thoughtto do my darling a service, and i cared little for my own soul.
soyoung and so beautiful too.
and it's a nice pair ye would have made.
and it's i that have kilt him!
cried norah, wringing herwithered hands.
"killed him, norah!
what have you done?--tell me directly," screamedemily, shaking the old hag with all her force--"quick!"
the old nurse seemed to have all the violence of her mistress's feelingscommunicated to her as she cried out, with a face of horror, "it was allfor ye that i did it.
it's the master that made me do it.
he said mydarling would be a beggar.
it's the poison for the rats he's taken.
och, och hone!"
and the old woman sank on the floor, covering up herhead, while emily flew shrieking out of the room.
when mcelvina and his party quitted the castle, they returned tomcelvina's house.
"i cannot but pity mr rainscourt," observed thevicar; "indeed, i wish that, notwithstanding his violence, we had notquitted him without making the communication."
"so do i," replied mcelvina; "but the injustice of his accusationprevented me; and i must confess that i have some pleasure in allowinghim to remain twenty-four hours in suspense--longer than that, not evenmy revenge has stomach for."
"i am afraid," observed debriseau, "that we have done unwisely.
theviolence and selfishness of the man's character are but too well known,and seymour is in his power."
"do not be so uncharitable, sir," replied the vicar, gravely.
"mrrainscourt, with all his faults, is incapable of anything so base aswhat you have hinted at."
"i trust i have done him injustice," replied debriseau; "but i saw thatin his eye, during the interview, which chilled my blood when i thoughtof your young friend."
"at all events, when i go up to-morrow morning to see how seymour is, ithink it will be right to inform mr rainscourt of the facts.
i shallbe there by daylight.
will you accompany me, sir?"
said mcelvina to thevicar.
"with pleasure," replied the other; and from this arrangement the vicarand mcelvina were at the castle, and had sent their cards in to mrrainscourt, at the very time that emily had beckoned the old nurse outof the chamber.
as long as the deed still remained to be done, the conflict between theconscience and the evil intentions of rainscourt had been dreadful; butnow that it was done, now that the rubicon had been passed, to listen tothe dictates of conscience was useless; and, worn out as it had been, inthe struggle, and further soothed by the anticipation of continuedprosperity, it no longer had the power to goad him.
in short,conscience for the time had been overcome, and rainscourt enjoyed afterthe tempest a hallow and deceitful calm, which he vainly hoped would becontinued.
when mcelvina and the vicar were announced, he thought it prudent toreceive them.
the bottle of brandy, to which he had made frequentapplications during the morning, was removed; and having paid someslight attention to his person, he requested that they would walk upinto his dressing-room.
when they entered, the violence of thepreceding day was no longer to be perceived in his countenance, whichwore the appearance of mental suffering.
the consciousness of guilt wasmistaken for humility, and the feelings of both mcelvina and the vicarwere kindly influenced towards rainscourt.
"mr rainscourt," said the former, "we pay you this early visit that wemay have the pleasure of relieving your mind from a weight which it isbut too evident presses heavily upon it.
we think, when you hear whatwe have to impart, you will agree with us, that there will be nooccasion for litigation or ill-will.
mr seymour and your daughter haverepeatedly met before this, and have long been attached to each other;and although mr seymour was too honourable to make your daughter anoffer at the time that he was friendless and unknown, yet the very firstmoment after he became acquainted with the change in his circumstances,he made a proposal, and was accepted.
i presume there can be noobjections to the match; and allow us, therefore, to congratulate youupon so fortunate a termination of a very unpleasant business."
rainscourt heard it all--it rang in his ears--it was torture, horribletorture.
when they thought that his eye would beam with delight, itturned glassy and fixed--when they thought that his features would beillumined with smiles, they were distorted with agony--when they thoughtthat his hands would be extended to seize theirs, offered incongratulation, they were clenched with the rigidity of muscle of thedrowning man.
the vicar and mcelvina looked at him and each other in dismay; but theirastonishment was not to last.
the door burst open, and the frantic andshrieking emily flew into the room, exclaiming,--"they have murderedhim--oh, god!
they have poisoned him.
my father--my father how couldyou do it?"
continued the girl, as she sank without animation on thefloor.
the vicar, whose brain reeled at the dreadful intelligence, had scarcelypower to move to the assistance of emily, while mcelvina, whose feelingsof horror were mingled with indignation, roughly seized rainscourt bythe collar, and detained him his prisoner.
"i am so," calmly replied rainscourt, who, stunned by the condition ofhis daughter, the futility and blindness of his measures, and theunexpected promulgation of his guilt, offered no resistance.
"had youmade your communication yesterday, sir, this would not have happened.
isurrender myself up to justice.
you have no objection to my retiring afew minutes to my bedroom, till the officers come--i have papers toarrange?"
mcelvina acceded; and rainscourt, bowing low for the attention, wentinto the adjoining room, and closed the door.
a few seconds had butelapsed, when the report of a pistol was heard.
mcelvina rushed in, andfound rainscourt dead upon the floor, the gorgeous tapestry besprinkledwith the blood and brains of the murderer and the suicide.
one more scene, and all is over.
draw up the curtain, and behold thechamber in which, but the evening before, two souls, as pure as everspurned the earth and flew to heaven,--two forms, perfect as ever naturemoulded in her happiest mood,--two hearts, that beat responsive withoutone stain of self,--two hands, that plighted troth, and vowed and meantto love and cherish, with all that this world could offer inpossession,--health, wealth, power of intellect and cultivated minds--joy and love hand in hand smiling on the present--hope, with her gildedwand, pointing to futurity,--all vanished!
and, in their place standinglike funeral mourners, at each corner of the bed, misery,--despair,--agony,--and death!--woe, woe, too great for utterance--all is as silent,as horribly silent, as the grave yawning for its victim.
mcelvina and susan are supporting the sufferer in his last agonies; andas he writhes, and his beseeching eyes are turned towards them, supplythe water, which but for a moment damps the raging fire within.
the surgeon has retired from his useless and painful task--habituated todeath, but not to such a scene as this.
the vicar, anxious to administer religious balm, knows that inexcruciating torture his endeavours would be vain, and the tears rolldown his cheeks as he turns away from a sight which his kind heart willnot allow him to behold.
emily is on her knees, holding seymour's hand, which, even in his agony,he attempts not to remove.
her face is lying down upon it, that she maynot behold his sufferings.
she speaks not--moves not--weeps not--all iscalm--deceitful calm--her heart is broken!
and there he lies--"the young, the beautiful, the brave in one shorthour to be:--  "a thing  o'er which the raven flaps her funeral wing."
