    "and what is this new book the whole world makes such a rout about?
'tis out of all plumb, my lord,----quite an irregular thing;    not one of the angles at the four corners was a right angle.
i had    my rule and compasses, my lord, in my pocket----excellent critic!
"grant me patience, just heaven!
of all the cants which are canted    in this canting world----though the cant of hypocrites may be the    worst, the cant of criticism is the most tormenting!"----sterne.
what authors in general may feel upon the subject i know not, but i havediscovered, since i so rashly took up my pen, that there are threeportions of a novel which are extremely difficult to arrange to thesatisfaction of a fastidious public.
the first is the beginning, the second the middle, and the third is theend.
the painter who, in times of yore, exposed his canvas to universalcriticism, and found, to his mortification, that there was not aparticle of his composition which had not been pronounced defective byone pseudo-critic or another, did not receive severer castigation than ihave experienced from the _unsolicited_ remarks of "d----d good-naturedfriends."
"i like your first and second volume," said a tall, long-chinned,short-sighted blue, dressed in yellow, peering into my face, as if hereyes were magnifying glasses, and she was obtaining the true focus ofvision, "but you fall off in your last, which is all about that _nasty_line-of-battle ship."
"i don't like your plot, sir," bawls out in a stentorian voice anelderly gentleman; "i don't like your plot, sir," repeated he with anair of authority, which he had long assumed, from supposing becausepeople would not be at the trouble of contradicting his opinions, thatthey were incontrovertible--"there is nothing but death."
"death, my dear sir," replied i, as if i was hailing the lookout man atthe mast-head, and hoping to soften him with my intentional bull; "isnot death, sir, a true picture of human life?"
"ay, ay," growled he, either not hearing or not _taking_; "it's all verywell, but--there's too much killing in it."
"in a novel, sir, killing's no murder, you surely will admit; and youmust also allow something for professional feeling--''tis myoccupation;' and after five-and-twenty years of constant practice,whether i wield the sword or the pen, the force of habit----""it won't do, sir," interrupted he; "the public don't like it.
otherwise," continued this hypercritic, softening a little, "some of thechapters are amusing, and, on the whole, it may be said to berather--that is--not unpleasantly written."
"i like your first and third volume, but not your second," squeaked out_something_ intended to have been a woman, with shoulder-blades andcollar-bones, as de ville would say, most strongly developed.
"well now, i don't exactly agree with you, my dear miss peego; i thinkthe second and third volumes are by far the most _readable_" exclaimed_another thing_, perched upon a chair, with her feet dangling half waybetween her seat and the carpet.
"if i might presume upon my long standing in the service, captain----,"said a pompous general officer, whose back appeared to have been_fished_ with the kitchen poker--"if i might venture to offer youadvice," continued he, leading me paternally by the arm a little on oneside, "it would be not again to attempt a defence of smuggling: iconsider, sir, that as an officer in his majesty's service, you havestrangely committed yourself."
"it is not my defence, sir: they are the arguments of a smuggler."
"you wrote the book, sir," replied he, sharply; "i can assure you that ishould not be surprised if the admiralty took notice of it."
replied i, with assumed alarm.
i received no answer, except a most significant nod of the head, as hewalked away.
but i have not yet arrived at the climax, which made me inclined toexclaim, with the expiring lion in the fable----a midshipman--yes, reader, a midshipman--who had formerly belonged to myship and had trembled at my frown, ranged up alongside of me, and, witha supercilious air, observed--"i have read your book, and--there are _one_ or _two_ good things init."
hear this, admirals and captains on half-pay!
hear this, port-admiralsand captains afloat!
i have often heard that the service wasdeteriorating, going to the devil, but i never became a convert to theopinion before.
what a revengeful feeling is there in the exclamation"o that mine adversary had _written a book_!"
to be snarled at, andbow-wowed at, in this manner, by those who find fault because theirintellect is not sufficient to enable them to appreciate!
authors, takemy resolution; which is, never to show your face until your work haspassed through the ordeal of the reviews--keep your room for the monthafter your literary labour.
reviews are like jesuit fatherconfessors--guiding the opinions of the multitude, who blindly followthe suggestions of those to whom they may have entrusted their literaryconsciences.
if your work is denounced and to be released at once fromyour sufferings by one blow from the paw of a tiger, than to be worriedpiecemeal by creatures who have all the will, but not the power, toinflict the _coup de grace_?
the author of "cloudesley," enumerating the qualifications necessary toa writer of fiction, observes, "when he introduces his ideal personageto the public, he enters upon his task with a preconception of thequalities that belong to this being, the principle of his actions, andits necessary concomitants, &c, &c." that such preparation ought to bemade, i will not deny; but were i to attempt an adherence to theserules, the public would never be troubled with any production of mine.
it would be too tedious a journey in perspective for my waywardintellect; and if i calculated stages before i ordered my horses, ishould abandon the attempt, and remain quietly at home.
mine is not ajourney of that methodical description; on the contrary, it is a ramblehand-in-hand with fancy, with a light heart and a lighter baggage; formy whole wallet, when i set off, contains but one single idea--but ideasare hermaphrodite, and these creatures of the brain are most prolific.
to speak more intelligibly, i never have made any arrangement of plotwhen i commenced a work of fiction, and often finish a chapter withouthaving the slightest idea of what materials the ensuing one is to beconstructed.
at times i feel so tired that i throw down the pen indespair; but t is soon taken up again, and, like a pigmy ant, itseems to have imbibed fresh vigour from its prostration.
i remember when the "king's own" was finished, i was as happy as apedestrian who had accomplished his thousand miles in a thousand hours.
my voluntary slavery was over, and i was emancipated.
where was i then?
i recollect; within two days' sail of the lizard, returning home, aftera six weeks' cruise to discover a rock in the atlantic, which neverexisted except in the terrified or intoxicated noddle of some master ofa merchant vessel.
it was about half-past five in the evening, and i was alone in myafter-cabin, quite alone, as the captain of a man-of-war must be, evenwhen in presence of his ship's company.
if being sent to sea has beenpronounced by the officers and men to be _transportation_, being thecaptain of the ship may truly be designated as _solitary confinement_.
i could not send for any one to whom i could impart theintelligence--there was no one whom i could expect to sympathise withme, or to whom i could pour out the abundance of my joy; for that theservice prohibited.
what could i do?
why, i could dance; so i sprangfrom my chair, and singing the tune, commenced a quadrillemovement,--tal de ral la, tal de ral la, lity, lity, lity, liddle-um,tal de ral la, tal--"three bells, sir," cried the first lieutenant, who had opened my doorunperceived by me, and showed evident surprise at my motions; "shall webeat to quarters?"
--"certainly, mr b--," replied i, and he disappeared.
but this interruption produced only a temporary cessation: i was in theheight of "cavalier seul," when his head popped into the cabin--"all present, and sober, sir," reported he, with a demure smile.
"except the captain, i presume you are thinking," replied i.
no, indeed, sir; i observed that you were very merry."
"i am, mr b--, but not with wine; mine is a sort of intellectualintoxication not provided for in the articles of war."
something that you'll never get drunk upon, as you never look intoa book--beat a retreat."
"ay, ay, sir," replied the first lieutenant; and he disappeared.
and i also beat a retreat to my sofa; and as i threw myself upon it,mentally vowed that, for two months at the least, i never would take upa pen.
but we seldom make a vow which we do not eventually break; andthe reason is obvious.
we vow only when hurried into excesses; we arealarmed at the dominion which has been acquired over us by our feelings,or by our habits.
checked for a time by an adherence to our resolutions,they gradually recover their former strength, until they again breakforth, and we yield to their overpowering influence.
a few days after ihad made the resolution, i found myself, like the sailor, _rewarding_ itby writing more indefatigably than ever.
so now, reader, you may understand that i continue to write, as tonylumpkin says, not to please my good-natured friends, "but because ican't bear to disappoint myself;" for that which i commenced as anamusement, and continued as a drudgery, has ended in becoming a_confirmed habit_.
so much for the overture.
now let us draw up the curtain, and our actorsshall appear upon the stage.
"boldly i venture on a naval scene,  nor fear the critics' frown, the pedants' spleen.
sons of the ocean, we their rules disdain.
hark!--a shock  tears her strong bottom on the marble rock.
down on the vale of death, with dismal cries,  the fated victims, shuddering, roll their eyes  in wild despair--while yet another stroke  with deep convulsion rends the solid oak,  till like the mine in whose infernal cell  the lurking demons of destruction dwell,  at length, asunder torn, her frame divides,  and crushing, spreads in ruin o'er the tides."
it was in the dreary month of fog, misanthropy, and suicide--the monthduring which heaven receives a scantier tribute of gratitude fromdiscontented man--during which the sun rises, but shines not--givesforth an unwilling light, but glads us not with his cheerfulrays--during which large tallow candles assist the merchant to calculatehis gains or to philosophise over his losses--in short, it was oneevening in the month of november of the year l7--, that edward forster,who had served many years in his majesty's navy, was seated in a snugarmchair, in a snug parlour, in a snug cottage to which he had retiredupon his half-pay, in consequence of a severe wound which had, for manyyears, healed but to break out again each succeeding spring.
the locality of the cottage was not exactly so snug as it has beendescribed in itself and its interior; for it was situated on a hillwhich terminated at a short distance in a precipitous cliff, beetlingover that portion of the atlantic which lashes the shores of cumberlandunder the sub-denomination of the irish sea.
but forster had been allhis early life a sailor, and still felt the same pleasure in listeningto the moaning and whistling of the wind, as it rattled the shutters ofhis cottage (like some importunate who would gain admittance), as heused to experience when, lying in his hammock, he was awakened by thehowling of the blast, and shrouding himself in his blankets to resumehis nap, rejoiced that he was not exposed to its fury.
his finances did not allow him to indulge in luxuries, and thedistillation of the country was substituted for wine.
with his feet uponthe fender and his glass of whiskey-toddy at his side, he had been ledinto a train of thought by the book which he had been reading, somepassage of which had recalled to his memory scenes that had long passedaway--the scenes of youth and hope--the happy castle-building of thefresh in heart, invariably overthrown by time and disappointment.
thenight was tempestuous; the rain now pattered loud, then ceased as if ithad fed the wind, which renewed its violence, and forced its way throughevery crevice.
the carpet of his little room occasionally rose from thefloor, swelled up by the insidious entrance of the searching blast; thesolitary candle, which from neglect had not only elongated its wick toan unusual extent, but had formed a sort of mushroom top, was everymoment in danger of extinction, while the chintz curtains of the windowwaved solemnly to and fro.
but the deep reverie of edward forster wassuddenly disturbed by the report of a gun, swept to leeward by theimpetuosity of the gale, which hurled it with violence against the doorand front windows of his cottage, for some moments causing them tovibrate with the concussion.
forster started up, dropping his book uponthe hearth, and jerking the table with his elbow, so as to dash out thelarger proportion of the contents of his tumbler.
the sooty coronal ofthe wick also fell with the shock, and the candle, relieved from itsburden, poured forth a brighter gleam.
"lord ha' mercy, mr forster; did you hear that noise?"
cried the oldhousekeeper (the only inhabitant of the cottage except himself), as shebolted into the room, holding her apron in both hands.
"i did, indeed, mrs beazely," replied forster; "it's the signal of avessel in distress, and she must be on a dead lee-shore.
give me myhat!"
and draining off the remainder in his tumbler, while the old ladyreached his hat off a peg in the passage, he darted out from the door ofhis tenement.
the door, which faced to seaward, flew open with violence, as forsterdisappeared in the darkness of the night.
the old housekeeper, on whom had devolved the task of securing it, foundit no easy matter; and the rain, blown in by the sweeping gale, provedan effectual and unwelcome shower-bath to one who complained bitterly ofthe rheumatics.
at last her object was accomplished, and she repaired tothe parlour to re-light the candle which had been extinguished, andawait the return of her master.
after sundry ejaculations and sundrywonders, she took possession of his arm-chair, poked the fire, andhelped herself to a glass of whiskey-toddy.
as soon as her clothes andher tumbler were again dry, she announced by loud snores that she was ina happy state of oblivion; in which we shall leave her, to follow themotions of edward forster.
it was about seven o'clock in the evening when forster thus exposedhimself to the inclemency of the weather.
but a few weeks before howbeautiful were the evenings at this hour; the sun disappearing beyondthe distant wave, and leaving a portion of his glory behind him, untilthe stars, in obedience to the divine fiat, were lighted up to "shine bynight;" the sea rippling on the sand, or pouring into the crevices ofthe rocks, changing its hue, as day-light slowly disappeared, to themore sombre colours it reflected, from azure to each deeper tint ofgrey, until darkness closed in, and its extent was scarcely to bedefined by the horizontal line.
now all was changed.
the roaring of the wind and the hoarse beating ofthe waves upon the streaming rocks deafened the ears of edward forster.
the rain and spray were hurled in his face, as, with both hands, hesecured his hat upon his head; and the night was so intensely dark thatbut occasionally he could distinguish the broad belt of foam with whichthe coast was lined.
still forster forced his way towards the beach,which it is now requisite that we should more particularly describe.
as we before observed, the cottage was built upon a high land, whichterminated in a precipitous cliff about two hundred yards distant, andrunning in a direct line to the westward.
to the northward the coast formiles was one continued line of rocky cliffs, affording no chance oflife to those who might be dashed upon them; but to the southward of thecliff which formed the promontory opposite to forster's cottage, andwhich terminated the range, there was a deep indent in the line ofcoast, forming a sandy and nearly land-locked bay, small indeed, but sosheltered that any vessel which could run in might remain there insafety until the gale was spent.
its only occupant was a fisherman, who,with his family, lived in a small cottage on the beach.
he was an allyof forster, who had entrusted to his charge a skiff, in which, duringthe summer months, he often whiled away his time.
it was to this cottagethat forster bent his way, and loudly knocked when he arrived.
"robertson--i say, robertson," called forster, at the full compass ofhis voice.
"he is not here, mr forster," answered jane, the wife of the fisherman;"he is out, looking for the vessel."
"which way did he go?"
before an answer could be returned, robertson himself appeared.
"i'mhere, mr forster," said he, taking off his fur cap, and squeezing outwith both hands the water with which it was loaded; "but i can't see thevessel."
"still, by the report of the gun, she must be close to the shore.
getsome fagots out from the shed, and light as large a fire as you can:don't spare them, my good fellow; i will pay you."
"that i'll do, sir, and without pay; i only hope that they'll understandthe signal, and lay her on shore in the cove.
there's another gun!"
this second report, so much louder than the former, indicated that thevessel had rapidly neared the land; and the direction from which thereport came proved that she must be close to the promontory of rocks.
"be smart, my dear fellow, be smart," cried forster.
"i will go up tothe cliff, and try if i can make her out;" and the parties separatedupon their mutual work of sympathy and good will.
it was not without danger, as well as difficulty, that forster succeededin his attempt; and when he arrived at the summit, a violent gust ofwind would have thrown him off his legs, had he not sunk down upon hisknees and clung to the herbage, losing his hat, which was borne far awayto leeward.
in this position, drenched with the rain and shivering withthe cold, he remained some minutes, attempting in vain, with strainingeyes, to pierce through the gloom of the night, when a flash oflightning, which darted from the zenith, and continued its eccentriccareer until it was lost behind the horizon, discovered to him theobject of his research.
but a few moments did he behold it, and then,from the sudden contrast, a film appeared to swim over his aching eyes,and all was more intensely, more horribly dark than before; but to theeye of a seafaring man this short view was sufficient.
he perceived thatit was a large ship, within a quarter of a mile of the land, pressedgunnel under with her reefed courses, chopping through the heavyseas--now pointing her bowsprit to the heavens, as she rose over theimpeding swell; now plunging deep into the trough encircled by the foamraised by her own exertions, like some huge monster of the deep,struggling in her toils and lashing the seas around in her violentefforts to escape.
the fire burnt up fiercely in the cove, in defiance of the rain andwind, which, after in vain attempting to destroy it in its birth, nowseemed to assist it with their violence.
"she may yet be saved," thought forster, "if she will only carry on.
twocables' length more, and she will be clear of the point."
again and again was the vessel momentarily presented to his view, as theforked lightning darted in every quarter of the firmament, while theastounding claps of thunder bursting upon his ears before the lightninghad ceased to gleam, announced to him that he was kneeling in the verycentre of the war of the elements.
the vessel neared the cliff in aboutthe same proportion that she forged ahead.
forster was breathless withanxiety, for the last flash of electricity revealed to him that twomoments more would decide her fate.
the gale now redoubled its fury, and forster was obliged to cling forhis existence as he sank, from his kneeling posture, flat upon the wetherbage.
still he had approached so near to the edge of the cliff thathis view below was not interrupted by his change of posture.
anotherflash of lightning.
it was enough!
"god have mercy on their souls!"
cried he, dropping his face upon the ground as if to shut out the horridvision from his sight.
he had beheld the vessel within the surf, but a few yards distant fromthe outer rocks, thrown on her beam-ends, with both foresail andmainsail blown clear out of their bolt-ropes.
the cry for succour wasraised in vain; the wail of despair was not heard; the struggles forlife were not beheld, as the elements in their wrath roared and howledover their victim.
as if satiated with its devastation, from that moment the stormgradually abated, and forster, taking advantage of a lull, slowlydescended to the cove, where he found robertson still heaping fuel onthe fire.
"save your wood, my good fellow; it's all over with her; and those whowere on board are in eternity at this moment," said forster, in amelancholy tone.
"is she gone then, sir?"
"right on the outer ledge; there's not a living soul to see yourbeacon."
"god's will be done!"
replied the fisherman; "then their time wascome--but he who destroys, can save if he pleases; i'll not put out thefire while there's a fagot left, for you know, mr forster, that ifanyone should by a miracle be thrown into the smooth water on this sideof the point, he might be saved; that is, if he swam well:"--androbertson threw on more fagots, which soon flared up with a brilliantlight.
the fisherman returned to the cottage, to procure for forster ared woollen cap in lieu of the hat which he had lost; and they both satdown close to the fire to warm themselves and to dry their streamingclothes.
robertson had once more replenished the fuel, and the vivid blaze glaredalong the water in the cove, when the eye of forster was attracted bythe appearance of something floating on the wave, and evidently nearingto the shore.
he pointed it out to the fisherman, and they descended tothe water's edge, awaiting its approach with intense anxiety.
"it's not a man, sir, is it?"
observed robertson after a minute's pause.
"i cannot make it out," replied forster; "but i rather think that it isan animal--something living, most assuredly."
in another minute or two the point was decided; they distinguished alarge dog bearing something white in its mouth, and making for the shorewhere they were standing.
calling to the poor beast to cheer him, for heevidently was much exhausted, and approached but slowly, they soon hadthe satisfaction of seeing him pass through the surf, which, even atthis time, was not heavy in the cove, and, with the water pouring fromhis shaggy coat, stagger towards them, bearing in his mouth his burden,which he laid down at forster's feet, and then shook off theaccumulation of moisture from his skin.
forster took up the object ofthe animal's solicitude--it was the body of an infant, apparently a fewmonths old.
cried forster, mournfully.
"it's quite dead, sir," observed the fisherman.
"i am afraid so," replied forster, "but it cannot have been so long; thedog evidently bore it up clear of the water until it came into the surf.
who knows but we might restore it?"
"if anything will restore it, sir, it will be the warmth of a woman'sbreast, to which it hitherto hath clung.
jane shall take it in her bed,between her and the little ones;" and the fisherman entered the hut withthe child, which was undressed, and received by his wife with all thesympathy which maternal feelings create, even towards the offspring ofothers.
to the delight of forster, in a quarter of an hour robertsoncame out of the cottage with the intelligence that the child had movedand cried a little, and that there was every chance of its recovery.
"it's a beautiful little girl, sir, jane says; and if it lives, she willhalve her milk between it and our little tommy."
forster remained another half-hour, until he had ascertained that thechild had taken the breast and had fallen asleep.
congratulating himselfat having been the means of saving even one little life out of the manywhich, in all probability, had been swallowed up, he called to the dog,who had remained passive by the fire, and rose up to return home; butthe dog retreated to the door of the cottage into which he had seen theinfant carried, and all attempts to coax him away were fruitless.
forster summoned robertson, to whom he gave some further directions, andthen returned to his home, where, on his arrival, his old housekeeper,who had never been awakened from her sound nap until roused by hisknocking at the door, scolded him not a little for being out in suchtempestuous weather, and a great deal more for having obliged her to situp and _watch_ all night until his return.
"creation smiles around; on every spray  the warbling birds exalt their evening lay;  blithe skipping o'er yon hill, the fleecy train  join the deep chorus of the lowing plain:  the glassy ocean, hush'd, forgets to roar,  but trembling, murmurs on the sandy shore."
forster was soon fast asleep after his night of exertion: his dreamswere confused and wild; but i seldom trouble people about dreams, whichare as naught.
when reason descends from her throne, and seeks atransitory respite from her labour, fancy usurps the vacant seat, and inpretended majesty, would fain exert her sister's various powers.
theseshe enacts to the best of her ability, and with about the same successas attends a monkey when he attempts the several operations connectedwith the mystery of shaving:--and thus ends a very short and conclusivedissertation upon dreams.
but, to use a nautical phrase, we must "heave-to" in our narrativeawhile, as it is necessary that we should enter a little more into theprevious history of edward forster; which we can now do withoutinterruption, as the parties we have introduced to the reader are allasleep.
the father of edward forster was a clergyman, who, notwithstanding hecould reckon up some twenty or thirty first, second, and third cousinswith high-sounding titles, officiated as curate in a district not farfrom that part of the country where forster at present was located.
hewas one of the bees of the church, who are constantly toiling, while thedrones are eating up the honey.
he preached three sermons, and readthree services, at three different stations every sunday throughout theyear; while he christened, married, and buried a population extendingover some thousands of square acres, for the scanty stipend of onehundred per annum.
soon after he was in possession of his curacy, hemarried a young woman, who brought him beauty and modesty as her dower,and subsequently pledges of mutual love ad lib.
but he that giveth,taketh away; and out of nearly a score of these interesting butexpensive presents to her husband, only three, all of the masculinegender, arrived at years of maturity.
john (or jock as he usually wascalled), who was the eldest, was despatched to london, where he studiedthe law under a relation; who, perceiving that mrs forster's annualpresentation _of_ the living was not followed up by any presentation_to_ the living, kindly took charge of and received him into his ownhouse.
jock was a hard-headed fellow, studied with great diligence, andretained what he read, although he did not read fast; but that which helost in speed he made up by perseverance, and had now, entirely by hisown exertions, risen to considerable eminence in his profession; but hehad been severed from his family in early days, and had never been ableto return to them.
he heard, indeed, of the birth of sundry brothers andsisters; of their deaths; and lastly, of the demise of his parents,--theonly communication which affected him; for he loved his father andmother, and was anticipating the period when he might possess the meansof rendering them more comfortable.
but all this had long passed away.
he was now a bachelor past fifty,bearish and uncouth in his appearance, and ungracious in his deportment.
secluded in his chambers, poring over the dry technicalities of hisprofession, he had divided the moral world into two parts--honest anddishonest, lawful and unlawful.
all other feelings and affections, if hehad them, were buried, and had never been raised to the surface.
at thetime we speak of, he continued his laborious, yet lucrative, profession,toiling in his harness like a horse in a mill, heaping up riches,knowing not who should gather them; not from avarice, but from longhabit, which rendered his profession not only his pleasure, butessential to his very existence.
edward forster had not seen him fornearly twenty years; the last time was when he passed through londonupon his retirement from the service.
indeed, as they never corresponded(for there was nothing in common between them), it is a matter of doubtwhether jock was exactly aware which of his brothers remained alive; andhad it been a subject of interest, he would, in all probability, havereferred to the former letters of his father and mother, as legaldocuments, to ascertain who was remaining of his kin.
the next surviving son was _yclept_ (there's something very _consonant_in that word) nicholas.
the reverend mr forster, who had no inheritanceto bequeath to his family except a _good name_, which, although betterthan _riches_, will not always procure for a man one penny loaf,naturally watched for any peculiar symptoms of genius in his childrenwhich might designate one of the various paths to wealth and fame bywhich it would be most easy for the individual to ascend.
now it didoccur that when nicholas was yet in womanish attire, he showed a greatpartiality to a burning-glass, with which he contrived to do muchmischief.
he would burn the dog's nose as he slept in the sun before thedoor.
his mother's gown showed proofs of his genius by sundry littleround holes, which were considerably increased each time that itreturned from the wash. nay, heretical and damnable as is the fact, hisfather's surplice was as a moth-eaten garment from the repeated andinsidious attacks of this young philosopher.
the burning-glass decidedhis fate.
he was bound apprentice to an optical and mathematicalinstrument maker; from which situation he was, if possible, to emergeinto the highest grade of the profession; but somehow or another, a wantof ambition or of talent did not permit him to ascend the scale, and henow kept a shop in the small seaport town of overton, where he repaireddamaged articles of science--a watch one day, a quadrant or a compassanother; but his chief employment and his chief forte lay in telescopes;and accordingly, a large board, with "nicholas forster, optician,"surmounted the small shop window, at which he was invariably to be seenat his employment.
he was an eccentric person, one of those who hadnarrowly escaped being clever; but there was an obliquity in his mindwhich would not admit of lucid order and arrangement.
in the small townwhere he resided, he continued to pick up a decent sustenance; for hehad no competitor, and was looked upon as a man of considerable ability.
he was the only one of the three brothers who had ventured upon wedlock.
but of this part of our history we shall at present say no more thanthat he had an only child, and had married his wife, to use his ownexpression, because she _suited his focus_.
edward forster, the youngest, whom we have already introduced to thereader, showed strong nautical propensities; he swam nut-shells in apuddle, and sent pieces of lath with paper sails floating down the brookwhich gurgled by the parsonage.
this was circumstantial evidence: he wasconvicted, and ordered off to sea, to return a nelson.
for his conductduring the time he served her, edward forster certainly deserved well ofhis country; and had he been enabled to continue in his profession,would in all probability have risen by his merit to its highest grades;but having served his time as midshipman, he received a desperate woundin "cutting out," and shortly after obtained his promotion to the rankof lieutenant for his gallant conduct.
his wound was of that severedescription that he was obliged to quit the service, and, for a time,retire upon his half-pay.
for many years he looked forward to the periodwhen he could resume his career:--but in vain; the wound broke out againand again; fresh splinters of the bone continually worked out, and hewas doomed to constant disappointment.
at last it healed; but years ofsuffering had quenched the ardour of youth, and when he did apply foremployment, his services had been forgotten.
he received a coolnegative, almost consonant to his wishes: and returned, without feelingmortified, to the cottage we have described, where he lived a secludedyet not unhappy life.
his wants were few, and his half-pay more thanadequate to supply them.
a happy contemplative indolence, arising from awell-cultivated mind, feeding rather upon its previous acquirements thanadding to its store--an equanimity of disposition, and a habit of rigidself-command--were the characteristics of edward forster; whom i shallnow awaken, that we may proceed with our narrative.
"well, i do declare, mr forster, you have had a famous nap," cried mrsbeazely, in a tone of voice so loud as to put an immediate end to hisslumber, as she entered his room with some hot water to assist him inthat masculine operation, the diurnal painful return of which has beenconsidered to be more than tantamount in suffering to the occasional"pleasing punishment which women bear."
although this cannot be proveduntil ladies are endowed with beards (which heaven forfend!
), or somemodern tiresias shall appear to decide the point, the assertion appearsto be borne out, if we reason by analogy from human life; where we findthat it is not the heavy blow of sudden misfortune tripping the ladderof our ambition and laying us prostrate, which constitutes life'sintermittent "fitful fever," but the thousand petty vexations of hourlyoccurrence.----we return to mrs beazely, who continued--"why, it's nineo'clock, mr forster, and a nice fresh morning it is too, after lastnight's tempest.
and pray what did you hear and see, sir?"
continued theold woman, opening the shutters and admitting a blaze of sunshine, as ifdetermined that at all events he should now both _hear_ and _see_.
"i'll tell you all, mrs beazely, when i am dressed.
let me have mybreakfast as soon as you can, for i must be off again to the cove.
i didnot intend to have slept so late."
"why, what's in the wind now, mr forster?"
said the old lady, borrowingone of his nautical phrases.
"if you wish to know, mrs beazely, the sooner you allow me to get out ofbed, the sooner i shall be able to give you the information yourequire."
"but what made you stay out so late, mr forster?"
continued thehousekeeper, who seemed determined, if possible, to have a littleinformation _en attendant_, to stay her appetite until her curiositycould obtain a more substantial repast.
"i am sorry to say, there was a vessel wrecked."
any lives lost?"
"all, i am afraid, except one, and even that is doubtful."
do, pray, mr forster, tell me all about it."
"as soon as i am dressed, mrs beazely," replied mr forster, making amovement indicative that he was about to _"turn out," whether or no_,and which occasioned mrs beazely to make a hasty retreat.
in a few minutes forster made his appearance in the parlour, where hefound both the kettle and the housekeeper boiling with impatience.
hecommenced eating and narrating until the respective appetites of mrsbeazely and himself were equally appeased, and then set off for theabode of robertson, to ascertain the fate of the infant.
how different was the scene from that of the night before!
the sea wasstill in commotion; and as the bright sun shone upon its agitatedsurface, gilding the summits of the waves, although there was majestyand beauty in the appearance, there was nought to excite terror.
theatmosphere, purified by the warfare of the elements, was fresh andbracing.
the short verdure which covered the promontory and hillsadjacent was of a more brilliant green, and seemed as if to bask in thesun after the cleansing it had received from the heavy rain; while thesheep (for the coast was one extended sheep-walk) studded the sides ofthe hills, their white fleeces in strong yet beautiful contrast with thedeep verdure of nature.
the smooth water of the cove, in opposition tothe vexed billows of the unsheltered ocean; the murmuring of the lightwaves, running in long and gently curved lines to their repose upon theyellow sand; their surface occasionally rippled by the eddying breeze asit swept along; his own little skiff safe at her moorings, undulatingwith the swell; the sea-gulls, who but a few hours ago were screamingwith dismay as they buffeted against the fury of the gale, now skimmingon the waves, or balanced on the wing near to their inaccessibleretreats; the carolling of the smaller birds on every side of him,produced a lightness of heart and quickened pulse, to which edwardforster had latterly been a stranger.
he soon arrived at the cottage, where the sound of his footsteps broughtout the fisherman and his wife, the latter bearing in her arms thelittle object of his solicitude.
"see, mr forster," said jane, holding out the infant, "it's quite welland hearty, and does nothing but smile.
what a lovely babe it is!"
forster looked at the child, who smiled, as if in gratitude; but hisattention was called away by the newfoundland dog, who fawned upon him,and after having received his caresses, squatted down upon the sand,which he beat with his tail as he looked wistfully in forster's face.
forster took the child from the arms of its new mother.
"thou hast had anarrow escape, poor thing," said he, and his countenance assumed amelancholy cast as the ideas floated in his mind.
"who knows how manymore perils may await thee?
who can say whether thou art to be restoredto the arms of thy relatives, or to be left an orphan to a sailor'scare?
whether it had not been better that the waves should haveswallowed thee in thy purity, than thou shouldest be exposed to aheartless world of sorrow and of crime?
but he who willed thee to besaved knows best for us who are in darkness;" and forster kissed itsbrow, and returned it to the arms of jane.
having made a few arrangements with robertson and his wife, in whosecare he resolved at present to leave the child, forster bent his stepstowards the promontory, that he might ascertain if any part of thevessel remained.
stretching over the summit of the cliff, he perceivedthat several of the lower futtocks and timbers still hung together, andshowed themselves above water.
anxious to obtain some clue to heridentity, he prepared to descend by a winding and hazardous path whichhe had before surmounted.
in a quarter of an hour he had gained aposition close to the wreck; but, with the exception of the shatteredremnant which was firmly wedged between the rocks, there was nothing tobe seen; not a fragment of her masts and spars, or sails, not a relic ofwhat once was life remained.
the tide, which ran furiously round thepromontory, had swept them all away, or the _undertow_ of the deep waterhad buried every detached particle, to be delivered up again, "far, farat sea."
all that forster could ascertain was that the vessel wasforeign built, and of large tonnage; but who were its unfortunatetenants, or what the cargo, of which she had been despoiled by thedevouring waves, was not even to be surmised.
the linen on the child wasmarked j. de f.; and this was the only clue which remained for itsidentity.
for more than an hour did forster remain fixed as a statueupon the rock, where he had taken his station with arms folded, while hecontemplated the hoarse waves dashing against the bends, or dividing asthey poured themselves between the timbers of the vessel, and he sankinto deep and melancholy thought.
and where is the object exciting more serious reflection than a _wreck_?
the pride and ingenuity of man humbled and overcome; the elements of thelord occupying the fabric which had set them at defiance; tossing,tumbling, and dancing, as if in mockery at their success!
the structure,but a few hours past, as perfect as human intellect could devise,towering with its proud canvas over space, and bearing man to greet hisfellow-man, over the _surface of death_!--dashing the billow from herstem, as if in scorn, while she pursued her trackless way--bearingtidings of peace and security, of war and devastation--tidings of joy orgrief, affecting whole kingdoms and empires, as if they were butindividuals!
now, the waters delight in their revenge, and sparkle with joy, as thesun shines upon their victory.
that keel, which with the sharpness of ascythe has so often mowed its course through the reluctant wave, is nowburied--buried deep in the sand, which the angry surge accumulates eachminute, as if determined that it never will be subject to its weightagain.
how many seasons had rolled away, how many millions had returned to thedust from which they sprung, before the kernels had swelled into theforest giants levelled for that structure;--what labour had beenundergone to complete the task;--how many of the existent race foundemployment and subsistence as they slowly raised that monument of humanskill;--how often had the weary miner laid aside his tool to wipe hissweating brow, before the metals required for its completion had beenbrought from darkness;--what thousands had been employed before it wasprepared and ready for its destined use!
yon copper bolt, twisted with aforce not human, and raised above the waters, as if in evidence of theirdreadful power, may contain a history in itself.
how many of her own structure must have been employed, bringing from thenorth, the south, the east, and the west, her masts, her spars, her"_hempen tackle_," and her canvas wings; her equipment in all itsvariety; her stores for the support of life; her magazines of _quiescentdeath_.
[1] and they who so fearlessly trod her decks, conscious of theirown powers, and confident in their own skill; they who expanded herthousands of yards of canvas to the pursuing breeze, or reduced them,like magic, at the approaching storm--where are they now?
how many sighshave been lavished at their absence!
how many hearths would have beengladdened by their return!
where are the hopes, the fears, the ambition,and the pride; the courage and the enterprise; the love and theyearnings after their kin; the speculations of the present, and thecalculations of the future, which occupied their minds, or werecherished in their bosoms?
[footnote 1: we presume the gentleman means gunpowder.--ed.]
days, weeks, and months rolled away; yet every step that could be takento find out the name of the vessel proved unavailing.
although theconjecture of forster, that she was one of the many foreign westindiamen which had met with a similar fate during that tempestuouswinter, was probably correct; still no clue could be gathered by whichthe parentage of the little girl could be ascertained.
the linen was,indeed, marked with initials; but this circumstance offered but a faintprospect of discovery.
either her relations, convinced of her loss, madeno inquiries, or the name of the vessel in which she had been apassenger was not known to them.
the child had been weaned, and removedto the cottage, where it occupied much of the attention of the oldhousekeeper and forster, who, despairing of its ever being reclaimed,determined to bring it up as his own.
mrs beazely, the housekeeper, was a good-tempered woman, long past thegrand climacteric, and strongly attached to forster, with whom she hadresided many years.
but, like all women, whether married or single, whohave the responsibility of a household, she would have her own way; andscolded her master with as little ceremony as if she had been united tohim by matrimonial bonds.
to this forster quietly submitted; he had lived long enough to be awarethat people are not the happiest who are not under control, and wasphilosopher sufficient to submit to the penal code of matrimony withouttasting its enjoyments.
the arrival of the infant made him more thanever feel as if he were a married man; for he had all the delights ofthe nursery in addition to his previous discipline.
but, although boundby no ties, he found himself happier.
he soon played with the infant,and submitted to his housekeeper with all the docility of a well-trainedmarried man.
the newfoundland dog, who, although (like some of his betters) he didnot change his name _for_ a fortune, did, in all probability, change it_with_ his fortune, soon answered to the deserved epithet of "faithful,"and slept at the foot of the crib of his little mistress, who also wasto be rechristened.
"she is a treasure, which has been thrown up by theocean," said forster, kissing the lovely infant.
"let her name be_amber_."
but we must leave her to bud forth in her innocence and purity, while wedirect the attention of the reader to other scenes, which arecontemporary with those we have described.
"a woman moved is like a fountain troubled,  muddy, ill-seeming, thick, bereft of beauty;  and while 'tis so, none so dry or thirsty  will deign to sip, or touch one drop of it."
a man may purchase an estate, a tenement, or a horse, because they havepleased his fancy, and eventually find out that he has not exactlysuited himself; and it sometimes will occur that a man is placed in asimilar situation relative to his choice of a wife:--a more seriousevil; as, although the prime cost may be nothing, there is no chance ofgetting rid of this latter speculation by re-vending, as you may theformer.
now it happened that nicholas forster, of whom we have alreadymade slight mention, although he considered at the time of his marriagethat the person he had selected would _exactly suit his focus_, dideventually discover that he was more short-sighted in his choice than anoptician ought to have been.
whatever may have been the personal charms of mrs nicholas forster atthe time of their union, she had, at the period of our narrative, butfew to boast of, being a thin, sharp-nosed, ferret-eyed little woman,teeming with suspicion, jealousy, and bad humours of every description:her whole employment (we may say, her whole delight) was in findingfault: her shrill voice was to be heard from the other side of thestreet from morning until night.
the one servant which their financesenabled them with difficulty to retain, and whom they engaged as a maidof all work (and certainly she was not permitted by mrs forster to beidle in her multifarious duty), seldom remained above her _month_; andnothing but the prospect of immediate starvation could induce any one tooffer herself in the capacity.
mr nicholas forster, fortunately for his own happiness, was of, thatpeculiar temperament that nothing could completely rouse his anger: hewas _absent_ to an excess; and if any language or behaviour on the partof his wife induced his choler to rise, other ideas would efface thecause from his memory; and this hydra of the human bosom, missing theobject of its intended attack, again lay down to rest.
the violence and vituperation of his spouse were, therefore, lost uponnicholas forster; and the impossibility of disturbing the equanimity ofhis temper increased the irritability of her own.
still mr nicholasforster, when he did reflect upon the subject, which was but duringmomentary fits of recollection, could not help acknowledging that heshould be much more quiet and happy when it pleased heaven to summon mrsforster to a better world: and this idea ultimately took possession ofhis imagination.
her constant turbulence interfered so much with theprosecution of his plans, that, finding it impossible to carry them intoexecution, everything that he considered of moment was mentally put offuntil _mrs forster was dead_!
"well, mr forster, how long is the dinner to wait before you thinkproper to come?
everything will be cold, as usual.
the dinnerconsisted of the remains of a cold shoulder of mutton.)
--or do you meanto have any dinner at all?
betty, clear away the table; i have my workto do, and won't wait any longer."
"i'm coming, my dear, i'm coming; only this balance-spring is a job thati cannot well leave," replied nicholas, continuing his vocation in theshop, with a magnifying glass attached to his eye.
yes, and christmas is coming, mr forster.--well, the dinner'sgoing, i can tell you."
nicholas, who did not want appetite, and who was conscious that if themutton returned to the cupboard there would be some difficulty made inreproducing it, laid down the watch and came into the back parlour.
"well, my dear, here i am; sorry to have kept you waiting so long, butbusiness must be attended to.
why, the mutton is really quitecold," continued nicholas, thrusting a large piece into his mouth, quiteforgetting that he had already dined twice off the identical joint.
"that's a fine watch of mr tobin's; but i think that my improvement uponthe duplex when i have finished it--""when you have finished it, indeed!"
retorted the lady; "why, when didyou ever finish anything, mr forster?
"well, my dear," replied the husband, with an absent air--"i do mean tofinish it, when--_you are dead_!"
"when i am dead!"
screamed the lady, in a rage--"when i am dead!"
continued she, placing her arms akimbo, as she started from the chair.
"i can tell you, mr forster, that i'll live long enough to plague you.
it's not the first time that you've said so; but depend upon it, i'lldance upon your grave yet, mr forster."
"i did not exactly mean to say that; not exactly that, my dear," repliednicholas, confused.
"the fact is that i was not exactly aware of what iwas saying--i had not precisely the--""precisely the fiddle-stick, mr forster!
you did mean it, and you domean it, and this is all the return that i am to expect for my kindnessand anxiety for your welfare--slaving and toiling all day as i do; butyou're incorrigible, mr forster: look at you, helping yourself out ofyour snuff-box instead of the salt-cellar.
what man in his senses wouldeat a cold shoulder of mutton with tobacco?"
"dear me, so i have," replied forster, removing the snuff taken from thebox, which, as usual, lay open before him, not into the box again, butinto the salt-cellar.
"and who's to eat that salt now, you nasty beast?"
"i am not a beast, mrs forster," replied her husband, whose choler wasroused; "i made a mistake; i do not perceive--now i recollect it, didyou send betty with the 'day and night glass' to captain simkins?"
"yes, i did, mr forster; if i did not look after your business, i shouldlike to know what would become of us; and i can tell you, mr forster,that if you do not contrive to get more business, there will soon benothing to eat; seventeen and sixpence is all that i have received thislast week; and how rent and fire, meat and drink, are to be paid forwith that, you must explain, for i can't."
"how can i help it, my dear?
i never refuse a job."
"never refuse a job?
no; but you must contrive to make more business."
"i can mend a watch, and make a telescope, but i can't make business, mydear," replied nicholas.
"yes, you can, and you must, mr forster," continued the lady, sweepingoff the remains of the mutton, just as her husband had fixed his eyeupon the next cut, and locking it up in the cupboard--"if you do not,you will have nothing to eat, mr forster."
"so it appears, my dear," replied the meek nicholas, taking a pinch ofsnuff; "but i really don't--""why, mr forster, if you were not one of the greatest--""no, no, my dear," interrupted nicholas, from extreme modesty, "i am notone of the greatest opticians of the present day; although, when i'vemade my improve--""greatest opticians!"
interrupted the lady.
"one of the greatest_fools_, i meant!"
"that's quite another thing, my dear; but--""no _buts_, mr forster; please to listen, and not interrupt me again inthat bearish manner.
why do you repair in the way you do?
who everbrings you a watch or a glass that you have handled a second time?"
"but why should they, my dear, when i have put them in good order?"
"put them in order!
but why do you put them in order?"
"why do i put them in order, my dear?"
replied forster, withastonishment.
"yes; why don't you leave a screw loose, somewhere?
then they must comeagain.
that's the proper way to do business."
"the proper way to do my business, my dear, is to see that all thescrews are tight."
continued the lady.
"if it please god," replied the honest nicholasbut this matrimonial duet was interrupted by the appearance of theirson, whom we must introduce to the reader, as he will play a conspicuouspart in our narrative.
newton forster, for thus had he been christened by his father, out ofrespect _for the great sir isaac_, was now about seventeen yearsold--athletic and well-proportioned in person, handsome in features, andequally gifted in mind.
there was a frankness and sincerity in his openbrow, an honesty in his smile, which immediately won upon the beholder;and his countenance was but an index to his mind.
his father hadbestowed all his own leisure, and some expense, which he could illafford, upon his education, trusting one day that he would rival thegenius after whom he had been christened; but newton was not of adisposition to _sit_ down either at a desk or a workbench.
whenever hecould escape from home or from school, he was to be found either on thebeach or at the pier, under the shelter of which the coasting vesselsdischarged or received their cargoes; and he had for some years declaredhis intention to follow the profession of a sailor.
to this his fatherhad reluctantly consented, with the proviso that he would first finishhis education; and the mutual compact had been strictly adhered to byeach party.
at the age of fifteen, newton had acquired all that could be imparted tohim by the pedagogue of the vicinity, and had then, until somethingbetter should turn up, shipped himself on board of a coasting vessel, inwhich, during the last two years, he had made several trips, beingusually absent about six weeks, and remaining in port about the sametime, until another cargo could be procured.
young as he was, the superiority of his education had obtained him thesituation of mate of the vessel; and his pay enabled him to assist hisfather, whose business, as mrs forster declared, was not sufficient to"make both ends meet."
upon his return, his love of knowledge and activehabits induced him to glean as much as he could of his father'sprofession, and he could repair most articles that were sent in.
although newton amused himself with the peculiarities and eccentricityof his father, he still had a high respect for him, as he knew him to bea worthy, honest man.
for his mother he certainly had none: he wasindignant at her treatment of his father, and could find no redeemingquality to make amends for her catalogue of imperfections.
still he hada peculiar tact, by which he avoided any serious altercation.
neverlosing his own temper, yet quietly and firmly resisting all control, heassumed a dominion over her, from which her feelings towards him,whatever they may have been in his early years, were now changed intothose of positive hatred.
his absence this morning had been occasionedby his assistance being required in the fitting of a new main-stay forthe sloop to which he belonged.
"please god what, father?"
said newton,as he came in, catching his father's last words.
"why, your mother says that we must starve, or be dishonest."
"then we'll starve, father, with a clear conscience; but i hope thatthings are not so bad yet, for i am devilish hungry," continued newton,looking at the dinner-table, which offered to his view nothing but atable-cloth, with the salt-cellar and the snuff-box.
"why, mother, is itdead low water, or have you stowed all away in the locker?"
and newtonrepaired to the cupboard, which was locked.
now mrs forster was violent with others, but with newton she was alwayssulky.
"there's nothing in the cupboard," growled the lady.
"then why lock up nothing?"
rejoined newton, who was aware that veracitywas not among mrs forster's catalogue of virtues.
"come, mother, hand methe key, and i'll ferret out something, i'll answer for it."
mrs forster replied that the cupboard was her own, and she was mistressof the house.
"just as you please, mother.
but, before i take the trouble, tell me,father, is there anything in the cupboard?"
"why, yes, newton, there's some mutton.
at least, if i recollect right,i did not eat it all--did i, my dear?"
mrs forster did not condescend an answer.
newton went into the shop, andreturned with a chisel and hammer.
taking a chair to stand upon, he verycoolly began to force the lock.
"i am very sorry, mother, but i must have something to eat; and sinceyou won't give me the key, why--" observed newton, giving the handle ofthe chisel a smart blow with the hammer--"here's the key, sir," cried mrs forster, with indignation, throwing iton the table, and bouncing out of the room.
a smile was exchanged between the father and son, as she went backwards,screaming, "betty--i say, betty, you idle slut, where are you?"
as ifdetermined to vent her spleen upon somebody.
"have you dined, father?"
inquired newton, who had now placed thecontents of the cupboard upon the table.
"why, i really don't quite recollect; but i feel very hungry," repliedthe optician, putting in his plate to receive two large slices; andfather and son sat down to a hearty meal, proving the truth of the wiseman's observation, that, "better is a dinner of herbs where love is,than the stalled ox and hatred therewith."
"whate'er it be,          'tis wondrous heavy.
wrench it open straight.
if the sea's stomach be o'ercharged with gold,  it is a good constraint of fortune, that  it belches on us."
about three weeks after the events narrated in the preceding chapter,newton forster sailed in his vessel with a cargo to be delivered at theseaport of waterford.
the master of her was immoderately addicted toliquor; and during the time that he remained in port, seldom was to befound in a state of perfect sobriety, even on a sunday.
but, to do himjustice, when his vessel was declared ready for sea, he abstained fromhis usual indulgence, that he might be enabled to take charge of theproperty committed to his care, and find his way to his destined port.
it was a point on which his interest overcame, for a time, his darlingpropensity: and his rigid adherence to sobriety, when afloat, was sowell ascertained, that his character as a trustworthy seaman was notinjured by his continual intemperance when in harbour.
latterly,however, since newton had sailed with him, he had not acted up to hisimportant resolution.
he found that the vessel was as safe under thecharge of forster as under his own; and having taken great pains toinstruct him in seamanship, and make him well acquainted with thedangers of the coast, he thought that, as newton was fully equal to thecharge of the vessel, he might as well indulge himself with anoccasional glass or two, to while away the tedium of embarkation.
astone pitcher of liquor was now his constant attendant when he pulled onboard to weigh his anchor; which said pitcher, for fear of accidents, hecarried down into the cabin himself.
as soon as sail was on the vessel,and her course shaped, he followed his darling companion down into thecabin, and until the contents were exhausted was never sufficientlysober to make his appearance on deck; so that newton forster was, infact, the _responsible_ master of the vessel.
the wind, which had been favourable at the time of heaving up theanchor, changed, and blew directly in their teeth, before they were wellout of sight of the port of overton.
on the third day they werestretching off the land, to meet the first of the tide, under a lightbreeze and smooth water, when newton perceived various objects floatingin the offing.
a small thing is a good prize to a coaster; even an emptybeaker is not to be despised; and newton kept away a point or two, thathe might close and discover what the objects were.
he soon distinguishedone or two casks, swimming deeply, broken spars, and a variety of otherarticles.
when the sloop was in the midst of them, newton hove-to,tossed out the little skiff, and, in the course of an hour, unknown tohis captain, who was in bed sleeping off the effect of his lastpotations, brought alongside, and contrived to parbuckle in, the casks,and as many others of the floating articles as he could convenientlystow upon her decks.
the boat was again hoisted in, by the unitedexertions of himself and his crew, consisting of _one_ man and _one_boy; and the sloop, wearing round, reached in for the land.
it was evident to newton that some large vessel had lately been wrecked,for the spars were fresh in the fracture, and clean--not like those longin the water, covered with sea-weed, and encircled by a shoal of fish,who finding sustenance from the animalculæ collected, follow thefloating pieces of wood up and down, as their adopted parent, whereverthey may be swept by the inconstant winds and tides.
newton examined the heels of the spars, but they were not marked withthe name of the vessel to which they had belonged.
the two casks hadonly initials branded upon their heads; but nothing could be found whichwould designate the owners of the property.
a large trunk riveted hisattention; but he would not open it until the master of the vessel cameupon deck.
having ascertained by spiling that the contents of the caskswere _real jamaica_, he went down into the cabin to announce what heknew would be most grateful intelligence.
it was some time before newton could rouse his stupefied senior.
d--n the wreck!"
growled old thompson (for such was hisname), as he turned his back in no very ceremonious manner, andrecommenced his snore.
"there's a trunk besides, sir--a large trunk; but i did not open it, asyou were not on deck.
a large trunk, and rather heavy."
"trunk!--well, what then?
trunk!--oh, d--n the trunk!--let me go tosleep," muttered the master.
"there's two large casks, too, sir; i've spiled them, and they prove tobe puncheons of rum," bawled newton, who pertinaciously continued.
"two puncheons of rum."
"rum!--did you say rum?"
cried old thompson, lifting his head off thepillow, and staring stupidly at newton; "where?"
two casks: we picked them up as we were standing off theland."
"picked them up?--are they on board?"
inquired the master, sittingupright in his bed and rubbing his eyes.
"yes, they're on board.
won't you come on deck?"
"to be sure i will.
two puncheons of rum, you said?"
--and old thompsongained his feet, and reeled to the companion ladder, holding on by _allfours_, as he climbed up without his shoes.
when the master of the sloop had satisfied himself as to the contents ofthe casks, which he did by taking about half a tumbler of each, newtonproposed that the trunk should be opened.
"yes," replied thompson, whohad drawn off a mug of the spirits, with which he was about to descendto the cabin, "open if you like, my boy.
you have made a _bon prize_to-day, and your share shall be the trunk; so you may keep it, and thethings that are stowed away in it, for your trouble; but don't forget tosecure the casks till we can stow them away below.
we can't break bulknow; but the sooner they are down the better; or we shall have somequill-driving rascal on board, with his _flotsam_ and _jetsam_, for the_lord knows who_;" and thompson, to use his own expression, went downagain "to lay his soul in soak."
reader, do you know the meaning of _flotsam_ and _jetsam_?
none but alawyer can, for it is old law language.
now, there is a slightdifference between language in general and law language.
the first wasinvented to enable us to explain our own meaning, and comprehend theideas of others; whereas the second was invented with the view that weshould not be able to understand a word about it.
in former times, whenall law, except _club_ law, was in its infancy, and practitioners not soerudite, or so thriving as at present, it was thought advisable torender it unintelligible by inventing a sort of _lingo_, compounded ofbad french, grafted upon worse latin, forming a mongrel andincomprehensible race of words, with french heads and latin tails, whichanswered the purpose intended--that of mystification.--_flotsam_ and_jetsam_ are of this breed.
_flot_, derived from the french _flottant_,floating; and _jet_ from the verb _jeter_, to _throw up_; both used inseignoral rights, granted by kings to favourites, empowering them totake possession of the property of any man who might happen to beunfortunate, which was in those times tantamount to being guilty.
idaresay, if one could see the deed thus empowering them to confiscatethe goods and chattels of others for their own use, according to thewording of the learned clerks in those days, it would run thus:--"omniumquod flotsam et jetsam, et everything else-um, quod findetes;" in plainenglish, "everything floating or thrown up, and everything else you maypick up."
now, the admiral of the coast had this piratical privilege:and as, in former days, sextants and chronometers were unknown,seafaring men incurred more risk than they do at present, and the wreckswhich strewed the coast were of very great value.
i had a proof theother day that this right is still exacted; that is, as far as regardsproperty _unclaimed_.
i had arrived at plymouth from the westernislands.
when we hove up our anchor at st michael's, we found anotheranchor and cable hooked most lovingly to our own, to the great joy ofthe first lieutenant, who proposed buying silk handkerchiefs for everyman in the ship, and expending the residue in paint.
but we had not beenat anchor in plymouth sound more than twenty-four hours, and he hardlyhad time to communicate with the gentlemen-dealers in marine stores,when i received a notification from some lynx-eyed agent of the presentadmiral of the coast (who is a lawyer, i believe), requesting theimmediate delivery of the anchor and cable, upon the plea of hisseignoral rights of _flotsam_ and _jetsam._ now, the idea was aspreposterous as the demand was impudent.
we had picked up the anchor inthe roadside of a _foreign power,_ about fifteen hundred miles distantfrom the english coast.
we are all lawyers, _now,_ on board ship; so i gave him one of my legalanswers, "that, in the first place, _flotsam_ meant floating, andanchors did not float; in the second place, that _jetsam_ meant thrownup, and anchors never were thrown up; in the third and last place, _i'dsee him d--d first!
"_my arguments were unanswerable.
counsel for the plaintiff (i presume)threw up his brief, for we heard no more of _"mr flotsam and jetsam.
"_but to proceed:--the man and boy, who, with newton, composed the wholecrew, seemed perfectly to acquiesce in the distribution made by themaster of the sloop; taking it for granted that their silence, as to theliquor being on board, would be purchased by a share of it, as long asit lasted.
they repaired forward with a pannikin from the cask, with which theyregaled themselves, while newton stood at the helm.
in half an hournewton called the boy aft to steer the vessel, and lifted the trunk intothe cabin below, where he found that thompson had finished the majorpart of the contents of the mug, and was lying in a state of drunkenstupefaction.
the hasp of the lock was soon removed by a clawhammer, and the contentsof the trunk exposed to newton's view.
they consisted chiefly of femalewearing apparel and child's linen; but, with these articles, there was alarge packet of letters addressed to madame louise de montmorenci, thecontents of which were a mystery to newton, who did not understandfrench.
there were also a red morocco case, containing a few diamondornaments, and three or four crosses of different orders of knighthood.
all the wearing-apparel of the lady was marked with the initials l.m.,while those appertaining to the infant were marked with the letters j.f.
after a careful examination, newton spread out the clothes to dry, overthe cabin lockers and table; and depositing the articles of value in asafe place, he returned on deck.
although thompson had presented himwith the trunk and its contents, he felt that they could not beconsidered as his property, and he determined to replace everything,and, upon his return, consult his father as to the proper measures whichshould be taken to discover who were the lawful owners.
the sloop, under the direction of newton, had continued her course fortwo days against the adverse, yet light breeze, when the weatherchanged.
the wind still held to the same quarter: but the sky becameloaded with clouds, and the sun set with a dull red glare, whichprognosticated a gale from the n.w.
; and before morning the vessel waspitching through a short chopping sea.
by noon the gale was at itsheight; and newton, perceiving that the sloop did not "hold her own,"went down to rouse the master, to inquire what steps should be taken, ashe considered it advisable to bear up; and the only port under their leefor many miles was one with the navigation of which he was himselfunacquainted.
the vessel was under close-reefed mainsail and storm foresail, almostburied in the heavy sea, which washed over the deck from forward to thecompanion hatch, when newton went down to rouse the besotted thompson,who, having slept through the night without having had recourse toadditional stimulus, was more easy to awaken than before.
what?--blows hard--whew!--so it does.
how's the wind?"
said themaster, throwing his feet outside the standing bedplace, as he sat up.
"n.w., veering to n.n.w.
in the squalls.
we have lost good ten milessince yesterday evening, and are close to dudden sands," replied newton.
"i think we must bear up, for the gale shows no signs of breaking."
"well, i'll be on deck in a moment, my boy," rejoined thompson, who wasnow quite himself again, and was busy putting on his shoes, the onlyarticles which had been removed when he turned in.
"go you up, and seethat they keep her clean, full and bye--and those casks wellsecured.--dudden sands--awkward place, too--but i've not been fortyyears a-boxing about this coast for nothing."
in a minute thompson made his appearance on deck, and steadying himselfby the weather topmast backstay, fixed his leaden eyes upon the land onthe quarter.--"all right, younker, that's the head, sure enough;" thenturning his face to the wind, which lifted up his grey curling locks,and bore them out horizontally from his fur cap, "and it's a devil of agale, sure enough.--it may last a month of sundays for all i know.--upwith the helm, tom.--ease off the main sheet, handsomely, my lad--nottoo much.
now, take in the slack, afore she jibes;" and the masterducked under the main boom and took his station on the other side of thedeck.
"steady as you go now.--newton, take the helm.--d'ye see thatbluff?--keep her right for it.
tom, you and the boy rouse the cableup--get about ten fathoms on deck, and bend it.--you'll find a bit ofseizing and a marling-spike in the locker abaft."
the sloop scuddledbefore the gale, and in less than two hours was close to the headlandpointed out by the master.
"now, newton, we must hug the point or weshall not fetch--clap on the main sheet here, all of us.
luff, you may,handsomely.--that's all right; we are past the sand-head and shall be insmooth water in a jiffy.--steady, so-o.--now for a drop of _swizzle,"_cried thompson, who considered that he had kept sober quite long enough,and proceeded to the cask of rum lashed to leeward.
as he knelt down topull out the spile, the sloop which had been brought to the wind, wasstruck on her broadside by a heavy sea, which careened her to hergunnel: the lashings of the weather cask gave way, and it flew acrossthe deck, jamming the unfortunate thompson, who knelt against the one toleeward, and then bounding overboard.
the old man gave a heavy groan,and fell upon his back; the man and boy ran to his assistance, and bythe directions of newton, who could not quit the helm, carried himbelow, and placed him on his bed.
in a few minutes the sloop was safe atanchor, in smooth water, and newton ran down into the cabin.
thompson'shead had been crushed against the chime of the cask; for an hour or twohe breathed heavily; and then--he was no more!
"the indian weed, unknown to ancient times,  nature's choice gift, whose acrimonious fume  extracts superfluous juices, and refines  the blood distemper'd from its noxious salts;  friend to the spirits, which with vapours bland  it gently mitigates--companion fit  of _'a good pot of porter.
"there a pot of good double beer, neighbour.
the next day the remains of old thompson were carried on shore in thelong-boat, and buried in the churchyard of the small fishing town thatwas within a mile of the port where the sloop had anchored.
newtonshipped another man, and when the gale was over, continued his voyage;which was accomplished without further adventure.
finding no cargo ready for him, and anxious to deliver up the vessel tothe owner, who resided at overton, he returned in ballast, andcommunicated the intelligence of thompson's death; which, in so small atown, was long the theme of conversation, and the food of gossips.
newton consulted with his father relative to the disposal of the trunk;but nicholas could assist him but little with his advice.
after many_pros_ and _cons,_ like all other difficult matters, it waspostponed.--"really, newton, i can't say.
the property certainly is notyours, but still we are not likely to find out the lawful owner.
bringthe trunk on shore; we'll nail it up, and perhaps we may hear somethingabout it by-and-bye.
we'll make some inquiries--by-and-bye--when yourmother--""i think," interrupted newton, "it would not be advisable to acquaint mymother with the circumstance; but how to satisfy her curiosity on thatpoint, i must leave to you."
"to me, boy!
no; i think that you had better manage that, for you knowyou are only _occasionally_ at home."
"well, father, be it so," replied newton, laughing: "but here comes mrdragwell and mr hilton, to consult with us what ought to be donerelative to the effects of poor old thompson.
he has neither kith norkin, to the ninety-ninth degree, that we can find out."
mr dragwell was the curate of the parish; a little fat man withbow-legs, who always sat upon the edge of the chair, leaning against theback, and twiddling his thumbs before him.
he was facetious andgood-tempered, but was very dilatory in everything.
his greatestpeculiarity was, that although he had a hearty laugh for every joke, hedid not take the jokes of others at the time that they were made.
hisideas seemed to have the slow and silent flow ascribed to the stream oflava (without its fire): and the consequence was, that although heeventually laughed at a good thing, it was never at the same time withother people; but in about a quarter or half a minute afterwards(according to the difficulty of the analysis), when the cause had beendismissed for other topics, he would burst out in a hearty ha, ha, ha!
mr hilton was the owner of the sloop: he was a tall, corpulent man, whofor many years had charge of a similar vessel, until by "doing a littlecontraband," he had pocketed a sufficient sum to enable him to purchaseone for himself.
but the profits being more than sufficient for hiswants, he had for some time remained on shore, old thompson havingcharge of the vessel.
he was a good-tempered, jolly fellow, very fond ofhis pipe and his pot, and much more fond of his sloop, by the employmentof which he was supplied with all his comforts.
he passed most of theday sitting at the door of his house, which looked upon the anchorage,exchanging a few words with everyone that passed by, but invariably uponone and the same topic--his sloop.
if she was at anchor--"there she is,"he would say, pointing to her with the stem of his pipe.
if she wasaway, she had sailed on such a day;--he expected her back at such atime.
it was a fair wind--it was a foul wind for his sloop.
all hisideas were engrossed by this one darling object, and it was no easy taskto divert him from it.
i ought to have mentioned that mr dragwell, the curate, was invariablyaccompanied by mr spinney, the clerk of the parish, a little spare man,with a few white hairs straggling on each side of a bald pate.
he alwaystook his tune, whether in or out of church, from his superior, ejectinga small treble "he, he, he!"
in response to the loud ha, ha, ha!
"peace be unto this house!"
observed the curate as he crossed thethreshold, for mrs forster's character was notorious; then laughing athis own wit with a ha, ha, ha!
"he, he, he!"
"good morning, mr forster, how is your good lady?"
"she's safe moored at last," interrupted mr hilton.
demanded the curate, with surprise.
"why the sloop, to be sure."
i thought you meant the lady--ha, ha, ha!"
"he, he, he!"
"won't you sit down, gentlemen?"
said nicholas, showing the way from theshop into the parlour, where they found mrs forster, who had just comein from the back premises.
"hope you're well, mr curate," sharply observed the lady, who could notbe persuaded, even from respect for the cloth, to be commonlycivil--"take a chair; it's all covered with dust; but that betsy is suchan idle slut!"
"newton handles her as well as any man going," observed hilton.
screamed the lady, turning to her son, with an angry inquiringlook--"newton handles betsy!"
continued she, turning round to hilton.
no; the sloop i meant, ma'am."
newton burst out into a laugh, in which he was joined by hilton and hisfather.
"sad business--sad indeed!"
said hilton, after the merriment hadsubsided, "such an awful death!"
"ha, ha, ha!"
roared the curate, who had but just then taken the jokeabout betsy.
"he, he, he!"
"nothing to laugh at, that i can see," observed mrs forster, snappishly.
"capital joke, ma'am, i assure you!"
rejoined the curate.
"but, mrforster, we had better proceed to business.
spinney, where are thepapers?"
the clerk produced an inventory of the effects of the late mrthompson, and laid them on the table.--"melancholy thing, this, ma'am,"continued the curate, "very melancholy indeed!
but we must all die."
"yes, thank heaven!"
muttered nicholas, in an absent manner.
"thank heaven, mr forster!"
cried the lady,--"why, do you wish to die?"
"i was not exactly thinking about myself, my dear," repliednicholas--"i--""depend upon it she'll last a long while yet," interrupted mr hilton.
"do you think so?"
replied nicholas, mournfully.
sure of it; i stripped her the other day, and examined her allover; she's as sound as ever."
nicholas started, and stared hilton in the face; while newton, whoperceived their separate train of thought, tittered with delight.
"what are you talking of?"
at last observed nicholas.
"of the sloop, to be sure," replied hilton.
"i rather imagine that you came to consult about mr thompson's effects,"observed mrs forster, angrily--"rather a solemn subject, instead of--""ha, ha, ha!"
ejaculated the curate, who had just _taken_ the equivoquewhich had occasioned newton's mirth.
"he, he, he!"
this last merriment of mr dragwell appeared to the lady to be such apointed insult to her, that she bounded out of the room, exclaiming,"that an alehouse would have been a more suitable _rendezvous.
"_the curate twiddled his thumbs, as the eyes of all the party followedthe exit of mrs forster; and there were a few moments of silence.
"don't you find her a pleasant little craft, forster?"
said hilton,addressing newton.
nicholas forster, who was in a brown study about his wife, shook hishead without lifting up his eyes, while newton nodded assent.
"plenty of accommodation in her," continued hilton.--another negativeshake from nicholas, and assentient nod from newton.
"if i thought you could manage her, forster," continued hilton--"tellme, what do you think yourself?"
"oh, quite impossible!"
"quite impossible, mr forster!
well, now, i've a better opinion ofnewton--i think he _can.
"_"why, yes," replied nicholas!
"certainly better than i can; but stillshe's--""she's a beauty, mr forster."
"mrs forster a beauty!"
cried nicholas, looking at hilton withastonishment.
newton and hilton burst into a laugh.
"no, no," said the latter, "i wastalking about the sloop; but we had better proceed to business.
supposewe have pipes, mr forster; mr dragwell, what do you say?"
"ha, ha, ha!"
roared the curate, who had just taken the last joke.
"he, he, he!"
"why, yes," continued the curate, "i think it is a most excellentproposition; this melancholy affair requires a great deal ofconsideration.
i never compose so well as i do with a pipe in my mouth:mrs dragwell says that she knows all my best sermons by the smell ofthem; d'ye take?--ha, ha, ha!"
"he, he, he!"
the pipes, with the addition of a couple of pots of porter, were soonprocured from the neighbouring alehouse; and while the parties arefilling them, and pushing the paper of tobacco from one to the other, ishall digress, notwithstanding the contrary opinion of the other sex, inpraise of this most potent and delightful weed.
i love thee, whether thou appearest in the shape of a cigar, or diestaway in sweet perfume enshrined in the meerschaum bowl; i love thee withmore than woman's love!
thou art a companion to me in solitude.
i cantalk and reason with thee, avoiding loud and obstreperous argument.
thouart a friend to me when in trouble, for thou advisest in silence, andconsolest with thy calm influence over the perturbed spirit.
i know not how thy power has been bestowed upon thee; yet, if toharmonise the feelings, to allow the thoughts to spring without control,rising like the white vapour from the cottage hearth, on a morning thatis sunny and serene;--if to impart that sober sadness over the spirit,which inclines us to forgive our enemy, that calm philosophy whichreconciles us to the ingratitude and knavery of the world, that heavenlycontemplation whispering to us, as we look around, that "all isgood;"--if these be merits, they are thine, most potent weed.
what a quiet world this would be if everyone would smoke!
i suspect thatthe reason why the fairer sex decry thee is, that thou art the cause ofsilence.
the ancients knew thee not, or the lips of harpocrates wouldhave been closed with a cigar, and his forefinger removed from the mouthunto the temple.
half an hour was passed without any observation from our party, as theroom gradually filled with the volumes of smoke, which wreathed andcurled in graceful lines, as they ascended in obedience to theunchangeable laws of nature.
hilton's pipe was first exhausted; he shook the ashes on the table.
"avery melancholy business, indeed!"
observed he, as he refilled.
the restnodded a grand assent; the pipe was relighted; and all was silent asbefore.
another pipe is empty.
"looking at this inventory," said the curate, "ishould imagine the articles to be of no great value.
one fur cap, oneround hat, one pair of plush breeches, one--; they are not worth acouple of pounds altogether," continued he, stuffing the tobacco into hispipe, which he relighted, and no more was said.
nicholas was the thirdin, or rather _out._ "it appears to me," observed he;--but what appearedis lost, as some new idea flitted across his imagination, and hecommenced his second pipe without further remark.
some ten minutes after this, mr spinney handed the pot of porter to thecurate, and subsequently to the rest of the party.
they all tooklargely, then puffed away as before.
how long this cabinet-council might have continued, it is impossible tosay; but "silence," who was in "the chair," was soon afterwards drivenfrom his post of honour by the most implacable of his enemies, a"woman's tongue."
"well, mr forster!
do you mean to poison me?
have youmade smell and dirt enough?
how long is this to last, i should like toknow?"
cried mrs forster, entering the room.
"i tell you what, mrforster, you had better hang up a sign at once, and keep an ale-house.
let the sign be a fool's head, like your own.
i wonder you are notashamed of yourself, mr curate; you that ought to set an example to yourparishioners!"
but mr dragwell did not admire such remonstrance; so taking his pipe outof his mouth, he retorted--"if your husband does put up a sign, irecommend him to stick you up as the 'good woman;' that would be withoutyour head--ha, ha, ha!"
"he, he, he!"
"he, he, he!
you pitiful 'natomy," cried mrs forster, in a rage, turningto the clerk, as she dared not revenge herself upon the curate.
"takethat for your he, he, he!"
and she swung round the empty pewter pot,which she snatched from the table, upon the bald pericranium of mrspinney, who tumbled off his chair, and rolled upon the sanded floor.
the remainder of the party were on their legs in an instant.
newtonjerked the weapon out of his mother's hands, and threw it in a corner ofthe room.
nicholas was aghast; he surmised that his turn would comenext; and so it proved--"an't you ashamed of yourself, mr forster, to seeme treated in this way--bringing a parcel of drunken men into the house toinsult me?
will you order them out, or not, sir?--are we to have quiet ornot?"
"yes, my love," replied nicholas, confused, "yes, my dear, by-and-bye assoon as you're--"mrs forster darted towards her husband with the ferocity of a mad cat.
hilton, perceiving the danger of his host, put out his leg so as to tripher up in her career, and she fell flat upon her face on the floor.
theviolence of the fall was so great, that she was stunned.
newton raisedher up; and, with the assistance of his father (who approached with asmuch reluctance as a horse spurred towards a dead tiger), carried herupstairs, and laid her on her bed.
poor mr spinney was now raised from the floor.
he still remainedstupefied with the blow, although gradually recovering.
betsy came in torender assistance.
"o dear, mr curate, do you think that he'll die?"
"no, no; bring some water, betsy, and throw it in his face."
"better take him home as he is," replied betsy, "and say that he iskilled; when missis hears it, she'll be frightened out of her life.
itwill keep her quiet for some time at least."
"an excellent idea, betty; we will punish her for her conduct," repliedhilton.
the curate was delighted at the plan.
mr spinney was placed inan arm-chair, covered over with a table-cloth, and carried away to theparsonage by two men, who were provided by betsy before nicholas ornewton had quitted the room where mrs forster lay in a deplorablecondition; her sharp nose broken, and twisted on one side; her eyebrowcut open to the bone, and a violent contusion on her forehead.
in lessthan half-an-hour it was spread through the whole town that spinney hadbeen murdered by mrs forster, and that his brains were bespattered allover the shop windows!
"that she is mad, 'tis true: 'tis true, 'tis pity;  and pity 'tis, 'tis true: a foolish figure;  but farewell it, for i will use no art.
mad let us grant her then; and now remains  that we find out the cause of this effect,  or rather say, the cause of this defect."
mr dragwell has already made honourable mention of his wife; it willtherefore only be necessary to add that he had one daughter, a handsomelively girl, engaged to a mr ramsden, the new surgeon of the place, whohad stepped into the shoes and the _good-will_ of one who had retiredfrom forty years' practice upon the good people of overton.
fannydragwell had many good qualities, and many others which were ratherdoubtful.
one of the latter had procured her more enemies than at herage she had any right to expect.
it was what the french term "malice,"which bears a very different signification from the same word in our ownlanguage.
she delighted in all practical jokes, and would carry them toan excess, at the very idea of which others would be startled; but itmust be acknowledged that she generally selected as her victims thosewho from their conduct towards others richly deserved retaliation.
thevarious tricks which she had played upon certain cross old spinsters,tattlers, scandal-mongers, and backbiters, often were the theme ofconversation and of mirth: but this description of _espièglerie_contains a most serious objection; which is, that to carry on asuccessful and well-arranged plot, there must be a total disregard oftruth.
latterly, miss fanny had had no one to practise upon except mrramsden, during the period of his courtship--a period at which womennever appear to so much advantage, nor men appear so silly.
but even forthis, the time was past, as latterly she had become so much attached tohim that distress on his part was a source of annoyance to herself.
when, therefore, her father came home, narrating the circumstances whichhad occurred, and the plan which had been meditated, fanny entered gailyinto the scheme.
mrs forster had long been her abhorrence; and an insultto mr ramsden, who had latterly been designated by mrs forster as a"pill-gilding puppy," was not to be forgotten.
her active and inventivemind immediately conceived a plan which would enable her to carry thejoke much further than the original projectors had intended.
ramsden,who had been summoned to attend poor mr spinney, was her sole confidant,and readily entered into a scheme which was pleasing to his mistress,and promised revenge for the treatment he had received; and which, asmiss dragwell declared, would be nothing but retributive justice uponmrs forster.
late in the evening, a message was received from newton forster,requesting that mr ramsden would attend his mother.
he had just visitedthe old clerk, who was now sensible, and had nothing to complain ofexcept a deep cut on his temple from the rim of the pewter-pot.
afterreceiving a few parting injunctions from miss dragwell, mr ramsdenquitted the parsonage.
"i am afraid it's a very bad business, mr forster," replied the surgeonto newton, who had been interrogating him relative to the injuryreceived by mr spinney.
"evident concussion of the brain; he may live--or he may not; a few dayswill decide the point: he is a poor feeble old man."
newton sighed as he reflected upon the disaster and disgrace which mightensue from his mother's violence of temper.
what, mr ramsden?"
said nicholas, who had been for some timecontemplating the battered visage of his spouse.
"did you say she'lldie?"
"no, no, mr forster, there's no fear of mrs forster, she'll do wellenough.
she'll be up and about again in a day or two, as lively asever."
muttered the absent nicholas.
"mr forster, see if i don't pay you off for that, as soon as i'm upagain," muttered the recumbent lady, as well as the bandages passedunder her chin would permit her.
"pray call early to-morrow, mr ramsden, and let us know how mr spinneyis going on," said newton, extending his hand as the surgeon rose todepart.
mr ramsden shook it warmly, and quitted the house: he had leftthem about half-an-hour when betsy made her appearance with somefomentations, which had been prepared in the kitchen.
out of revenge forsundry blows daily received, and sundry epithets hourly bestowed uponher by her mistress, the moment she entered she exclaimed, in ahalf-crying tone, "o dear, mr newton!
there's such shocking news justcome from the parsonage; mr spinney is just dead, and my missis will behanged!"
mrs forster said not a word; she quailed under dread of the report beingcorrect.
newton and his father looked at each other; their mute anguishwas expressed by covering up their faces with their hands.
when hilton and the curate arranged their plans for the mortification ofmrs forster, it was considered advisable that newton (who was not soeasily to be imposed upon) should be removed out of the way.
hilton hadalready stated his intention to give him charge of the vessel; and henow proposed sending him for a cargo of shingle, which was lying readyfor her, about fifty miles down the coast, and which was to be deliveredat waterford.
at an early hour, on the ensuing morning, he called atforster's house.
newton, who had not taken off his clothes, came out tomeet him.
"well, newton, how is your mother?"
said hilton, "i hope you are notangry with me: i certainly was the occasion of the accident, but i couldnot bear to see your worthy father treated in that manner."
"i blush to acknowledge, mr hilton, that she deserved it all," repliednewton; "but i am very much alarmed about the condition of mr spinney.
have you heard this morning?"
"no; but between ourselves, newton, doctors always make the worst oftheir cases.
i never heard of a pewter-pot killing a man; he'll do wellenough, never fear.
i came to tell you that i've a letter last nightfrom repton, who says that the shingle must be delivered before thetenth of next month, or the contract will be void.
he desires that iwill send the sloop directly, or he must employ another craft.
now, ithink you had better start at once; there's a nice fair wind for you,and you'll be down afore night."
"why, really, mr hilton, i do not exactly like to leave home just now,"replied newton, thoughtfully.
"well, as you please, mr forster," rejoined hilton, with apparentdispleasure.
"i have offered you the command of the vessel, and now youobject to serve my interests on the very first occasion, merely becausethere are a couple of broken heads!"
"i am wrong, most certainly," replied newton; "i beg your pardon--i willjust speak a word or two to my father, and be on board in less than halfan hour."
"i will meet you there," said hilton, "and bring your papers.
be asquick as you can, or you'll lose the first of the tide."
newton returned to the house; his father made no objection to hisdeparture; and, in fulfilment of his promise, newton was ready to start,when he encountered ramsden at the door.
"mr ramsden," said newton, "i am requested by the owner of my vessel tosail immediately; but if you think that the life of mr spinney isseriously in danger, i will throw up the command of the vessel, ratherthan leave my mother under such an accumulation of disasters.
i beg as afavour that you will not disguise the truth."
"you may sail this minute, if you please, mr forster; i am happy to beable to relieve your mind.
mr spinney is doing very well, and you'll seehim at his desk on the first sunday of your return."
"then i am off: good-bye, mr ramsden; many thanks."
with a lightened heart, newton leapt into the skiff which was to carryhim on board of the sloop; and in less than half an hour was standingaway to the southward before a fine wind, to execute the orders which hehad received.
ramsden remained a few minutes at the door, until he saw newton ascendthe side of the vessel; then he entered, and was received by betsy.
"well, betsy, you agreed to make mrs forster believe that mr spinney wasdead; but we little thought that such would really be the case."
"lord love you, sir!
why, you don't say so?"
"i do, indeed, betsy; but mind, we must keep it a secret for thepresent, until we can get mrs forster out of the way.
how is she thismorning?"
"oh, very stiff, and very cross, sir."
"i'll go up to her," replied ramsden; "but recollect, betsy, that you donot mention it to a soul;" and ramsden ascended the stairs.
"well, mrs forster, how do you feel this morning?
do you think you couldget up?"
"get up, mr ramsden!
not to save my soul--i can't even turn on my side."
"very sorry to hear it, indeed," replied the surgeon; "i was in hopesthat you might have been able to bear a journey."
"bear a journey, mr ramsden!
why bear a journey?"
"i am sorry to inform you that mr spinney's gone--poor old man!
theremust be a coroner's inquest.
now, it would be as well if you were not tobe found, for the verdict will be 'wilful murder.'"
exclaimed mrs forster, jumping out of her bed withfright, and wringing her hands: "what can i do?--what can i do?"
"at present it is a secret, mrs forster, but it cannot be so long.
missdragwell, who feels for you very much, begged me not to say a word aboutit.
she will call and consult with you, if you would like to see her.
sad thing indeed, mrs forster, to be placed in such a situation by afoolish husband."
"you may well say that, mr ramsden," replied the lady, with asperity;"he is the greatest _fool_ that ever god made!
everyone knows what asweet temper i was before i married; but flesh and blood cannot bearwhat i am subjected to."
"would you like to see miss dragwell?"
"yes, very much; i always thought her a very nice girl;--a littlewild--a little forward indeed, and apt to be impertinent; but still,rather a nice girl."
"well, then, i will tell her to call, and the sooner the better, forwhen it is known, the whole town will be in an uproar.
i should not besurprised if they attacked the house--the people will be so indignant."
"i don't wonder at it," replied mrs forster; "nothing can excuse suchprovocation as i receive from my husband, stupid wretch!"
"good morning, mrs forster; do you think, then, that you could bearmoving?"
but where am i to go?"
"that i really cannot form an idea of--you had better consult withmiss dragwell.
depend upon it, mrs forster, that i will be most happy torender you all my assistance in this unfortunate dilemma."
"you're very good," snarled mrs forster: and ramsden quitted the room.
i have one or two acquaintances, to whom, if i wish a report to becirculated, i immediately impart the substance as a most profoundsecret; and i find that by these means it obtains a much more extensivecirculation than if i sent it to the newspapers.
ramsden was aware of betsy's cackling propensities; and long before hequitted mrs forster, it was generally believed throughout the good townof overton that mr spinney, although he had not been killed outright, asreported in the first instance, had subsequently died of the injuriesreceived from this modern xantippe.
mrs forster had half an hour to reflect upon her supposed awkwardsituation; and to drive away thought, had sent for nicholas, whom sheloaded with the bitterest invectives, when miss dragwell was announced.
"see, sir," continued mrs forster, "the condition to which you havereduced a fond and faithful wife--one that has so studied yourinterests; one--""yes, indeed," added miss dragwell, who heard the attack as she ascendedthe stairs, and took up the cause of mrs forster to obtain herconfidence--"yes, indeed, mr forster, see the consequences of yourfolly, your smoking, and your drinking.
pray leave the room, sir; iwonder how mrs forster can bear the sight of you!"
nicholas stated, and was about to throw in a detached word or two, byway of vindication, when a furious "begone!"
from his wife occasioned aprecipitate retreat.
"we have all been consulting about this sad business, my dear mrsforster," commenced miss dragwell; "and after much consideration havehit upon the only plan by which you may escape the penalty of the law.
yes, my dear ma'am," continued miss dragwell, in the most bland andaffectionate voice, "it is unwise to conceal the truth from you; thedepositions of my father and mr hilton, when they are called upon, willbe such that 'wilful murder' must be returned, and you--(the young ladyfaltered, and put up her handkerchief)--you must inevitably be hanged!"
screamed mrs forster.
"yes, hanged--'hanged by the neck until you are dead!
and the lord havemercy upon your soul!
'that will be your sentence," replied the younglady, sobbing;--"such an awful, such a disgraceful death for a womantoo!"
"o lord, o lord!"
cried mrs forster, who was now really frightened.
"what will become of me?"
"you will go to another and a better world, as my papa says in hissermons; i believe that the pain is not very great--but the disgrace--"mrs forster burst into tears.
save me, miss dragwell!--oh!
that stupid nicholas, oh!
"my dear mrs forster, we have all agreed at the parsonage that there isbut one method."
"name it, my dear miss dragwell, name it!"
cried mrs forster,imploringly.
"you must pretend to be mad, and then there will be a verdict ofinsanity; but you must carry it through everything, or it will bethought you are shamming.
mr ramsden is acquainted with dr b--, who hascharge of the asylum at d--.
it is only nine miles off: he will take youthere, and when the coroner's inquest is over you can return.
it will besupposed then to have been only temporary derangement.
do you like theproposal?"
"why, i have been mad for a long time," replied mrs forster; "theconduct of my husband and my son has been too much for my nerves; but idon't like the idea of actually going to a madhouse.
could not--""o dear, marm!"
cried betsy, running into the room, "there's a wholeposse of people about the house; they want to take you to the town jail,for murdering mr spinney.
what shall i say to them?
i'm feared they'llbreak in."
"go and tell them that mrs forster is too ill to be taken out of bed,and that she is out of her senses--d'ye hear, betsy, tell them all sheis _stark staring mad_!"
"yes, i will, marm," replied betsy, wiping her eyes as she left theroom.
miss dragwell walked to the window.
although the report spread by betsyhad collected a crowd opposite the house, still there was no attempt atviolence.
"i'm afraid that it's too late," said the young lady, turning from thewindow.
"what a crowd!
and how angry they seem to be!
you must be hangednow!"
i'll be mad--i'll be anything, my dear miss dragwell."
"well, then, we must be quick--don't put your gown on--petticoats arebetter--i'll dress you up."
miss dragwell rummaged the drawers, andcollecting a variety of feathers and coloured ribbons, pinned them overthe bandages which encircled mrs forster's head; then pulling out along-tailed black coat of her husband's which had been condemned, forcedher arms through it, and buttoned it in front.
"that will do for thepresent," cried miss dragwell; "now here's the cat, take it in yourarms, go to the window, and nurse it like a baby.
i'll throw itopen--you come forward and make them a curtsey; that will spread thereport through the town that you are mad, and the rest will then beeasy."
i can't--i can't go to the window, i can't, indeed."
"i'll open the window and speak to the people," said miss dragwell; andshe threw up the sash, informing the gaping multitude that mrs forsterwas quite out of her senses, but perfectly harmless.
"perfectly harmless, after killing a man!"
observed one of the partybelow.
"they won't believe me, mrs forster; come, you must, or you willcertainly be _hanged_."
urged by her fears, mrs forster approached the window, and showedherself to the astonished crowd.
"curtsey to them," said miss dragwell,holding her handkerchief before her mouth.
mrs forster curtsied.
"smile upon them," continued the malicious young lady.
mrs forster grinned horribly.
"now dance your cat."
mrs forster obeyed the injunction.
"now give a loud shriek, and toss the cat out of window."
mrs forster uttered a hideous yell, and threw the animal at the heads ofthe spectators, who retreated with alarm in every direction.
"now burst into a fit of laughter, curtsey to them, and wave your hand,and that will be sufficient."
mrs forster obeyed the last order, and miss dragwell shut the window.
ina few minutes the report spread that mrs forster had gone out of hersenses; and the murder of mr spinney--a topic which was nearlyexhausted--was dismissed for the time to dwell and comment upon thesecond catastrophe.
"mad as the sea and wind, when both contend which is the mightier."
"so far we have succeeded, my dear mrs forster," said miss dragwell; "iwill now return home, and come back as soon as i can with thepost-chaise.
mr ramsden's servant shall come with me to conduct you tothe asylum, and i trust in a quarter of an hour to see you clear ofthese foolish people of overton, who think that you are the party infault: you had better remain in your room, and not appear again at thewindow; the crowd will disperse when they are tired of watching:good-bye, my dear mrs forster, good-bye."
mrs forster was in too sulky a humour to vouchsafe an answer; and missdragwell quitted the house.
betsy had taken advantage of the turmoil andthe supposed lunacy of her mistress to gossip in the neighbourhood.
nicholas forster was in the shop, but took no notice of miss dragwell asshe passed through.
he appeared to have forgotten all that had occurred,and was very busy filing at his bench.
there we must leave him, andfollow the motions of the mischief-loving miss dragwell.
upon her return, the party collected at the parsonage considered thatthey had proceeded far enough; but miss dragwell thought otherwise; shehad made up her mind that mrs forster should pass a day or two in thelunatic asylum; and she felt assured that mr ramsden, through whoseassistance her intention must be accomplished, would not venture todispute her wishes.
her father, with a loud ha, ha, ha!
proposed that mr spinney shouldappear as a ghost by the bedside of mrs forster, wrapped up in a sheet,with a he, he, he!
and that thus the diversion should end; but thisproject was overruled by mr spinney, who protested that nothing shouldinduce him again to trust himself, with a he, he, he!
in the presence ofmrs forster.
ramsden, although well acquainted with dr beddington, who had charge ofthe asylum, was not sure that he would be pleased with their freak, andearnestly dissuaded his intended from proceeding any further.
"it is useless to argue, my dear george, i am quixote enough to revengethe injuries of those who have been forced to submit to her temper; andmoreover, i hope to effect a cure.
desperate diseases, you must be awareas a medical man, require desperate remedies.
i consider that atermagant and a lunatic are during their paroxysms on a par, as rationalbehaviour in either party may be considered as a lucid interval.
lether, if it be only for one hour, witness herself reflected in thevarious distorted mirrors of perverted mind; and if she has anyconscience whatever, good will spring from evil.
i joined this plot froma love of mischief; but i carry it on from a feeling that favourableresults will be produced."
"but, my dear fanny--""i will have it so, ramsden, so don't attempt to dissuade me; we are notmarried yet, and i must not be thwarted in my short supremacy.
surelyyou ought not to be displeased at my desire to 'tame a shrew.'
i give afair promise not to fall into an error which i so ardently detest: now,send for the chaise, write a letter to dr beddington, and leave me toarrange with mrs forster."
ramsden, like many others when teased by a pretty woman, consentedagainst his will; he wrote a letter to dr beddington, explainingcircumstances, and requesting his pardon for the liberty which he hadbeen persuaded to take.
miss dragwell, as soon as the letter was sealed, put on her bonnet, andtaking mr ramsden's servant with her, stepped into the chaise, and droveto the house of mr nicholas forster.
she found mrs forster squatted onthe bed in her ludicrous attire, awaiting her return with impatience.
mrs forster, i have had such trouble, such difficulty; but mrramsden has been persuaded at last.
there is the letter to drbeddington, and mr ramsden's servant is in the chaise at the door: thesooner you are off the better; the people are so outrageous, and callyou such shocking names."
replied mrs forster, whose wrath kindled at the information.
"yes, indeed; and that wretch betsy declares that she'll put the ropeover your neck with her own hands."
cried mrs forster, her eyes twinkling with rage.
"yes; and your husband, your foolish husband, says that he'll be able tomake his improvement in the duplex, now that you'll be hanged."
"he does, does he?"
replied mrs forster, catching her breath, andgrinding her teeth as she jumped off the bed.
"now, my dear mrs forster, it's no use minding what they say; all youhave to do is to escape as soon as possible; the magistrate's warrantmay arrive this minute, and then it will be too late; so come down atonce:--how lucky that you have escaped!
it must be a dreadful thing tobe hanged!"
this last remark, always brought forward by miss dragwell when she had apoint to carry, induced mrs forster to hasten downstairs to thepost-chaise, which she found already occupied by mr ramsden's servant.
as soon as she entered, it was driven off with speed in the directionalready communicated to the post-boy.
we shall leave the town of overton to recover its quiet,--for such abustle had not occurred for many years,--and miss dragwell to exult inthe success of her plot, while we follow mrs forster to her newquarters.
the chaise rattled on,--mr ramsden's servant crouching in a corner, asfar as possible from mrs forster, evidently about as well pleased withhis company as one would be in a pitfall with a tiger.
at last itstopped at the door of the lunatic asylum, and the post-boy dismountingfrom his reeking horses, pulled violently at a large bell, whichanswered with a most lugubrious tolling, and struck awe into the breastof mrs forster.
when the door was opened, mr ramsden's servant alighted, and went in todeliver his letter to the doctor.
the doctor was not at home; he hadobtained his furlough of three weeks, and was very busy with hisfishing-rod some thirty miles distant; but the keepers were inattendance, and, as mr ramsden's servant stated the insanity of mrsforster, and that she had been sent there by his master, they raised noobjections to her reception.
in a few minutes the servant reappearedwith two keepers, who handed mrs forster out of the chaise, andconducted her to a receiving-room, where mrs forster waited some minutesin expectation of the appearance of dr beddington.
in the meantime, mrramsden's servant, having no further communication to make, left theletter for dr beddington, and returned in the chaise to overton.
after a quarter of an hour had elapsed, mrs forster inquired of one ofthe keepers who had, much to her annoyance, taken a chair close to her,whether the doctor intended to come.
"he'll come by-and-bye, good woman.
how do you feel yourself now?"
"very cold--very cold, indeed," replied mrs forster, shivering.
"that's what the poor brutes always complain of--aren't it, jim?"
observed another keeper, who had just entered.
"where be we to stowher?"
"i sent tom to get no.
"why, you don't think that i'm mad!"
cried mrs forster, with terror.
"so, softly--so--so," said the keeper next to her, patting her, as hewould soothe a fractious child.
the violence of mrs forster, when she discovered that she was consideredas a lunatic, fully corroborated to the keepers the assertion of mrramsden's servant; but we must not dwell upon the scene which followed.
after an ineffectual struggle, mrs forster found herself locked up inno.
14, and left to her own reflections.
the previous scenes which hadoccurred, added to the treatment previous scenes which had occurred,added to the treatment which she received in the asylum, caused suchexcitement, that, before the next morning, she was seized with a brainfever, and raved as loudly in her delirium as any of the otherunfortunate inmates there incarcerated.
"who by repentance is not satisfied,  is not of heaven or earth; for these are pleased:  by penitence the eternal's wrath's appeased."
mr ramsden's servant returned to overton, stating that the doctor wasnot at home, but that he had left mrs forster and the letter.
the timethat dr beddington was to be absent had not been mentioned by thekeepers; and mr ramsden, imagining that the doctor had probably gone outfor the evening, made no further inquiries, as he intended, in a day ortwo, to call and bring mrs forster back to her own house.
on the thirdday of her removal he set off for the asylum; and when he discovered thesituation of mrs forster, he bitterly repented that he had beenpersuaded to a step which threatened such serious results.
to remove herwas impossible; to assert to the keepers that she was in sound mind,would have been to commit himself; he therefore withdrew his letter todr beddington, who was not expected home for a fortnight, and with aheavy heart returned to overton.
miss dragwell was as much shocked whenshe was informed of the unfortunate issue of her plot; and made aresolution, to which she adhered, never to be guilty of anotherpractical joke.
in the meantime newton forster had made every despatch, and returned tooverton with the cargo of shingle a few days after his mother'sincarceration.
he had not been ten minutes on shore before he was madeacquainted with the melancholy history of her (supposed) madness andremoval to the asylum.
he hastened home, where he found his father in aprofound melancholy; he received newton with a flood of tears, andappeared to be quite lost in his state of widowhood.
the next morningnewton set off for the asylum, to ascertain the condition of his mother.
he was admitted; found her stretched on a bed, in a state of delirium,raving in her fever, and unconscious of his presence.
the frenzy of hismother being substantiated by what he had witnessed, and by theassurances of the keepers, to whom he made a present of half his smallfinances, to induce them to treat her with kindness, newton returned tooverton, where he remained at home, shut up with his father.
in a fewdays notice was given by the town-crier, that the remaining stock of mrnicholas forster, optician, was to be disposed of by public auction.
the fact was, that nicholas forster, like many other husbands, althoughhis wife had been a source of constant annoyance, had become sohabituated to her, that he was miserable now that she was gone.
habit ismore powerful than even love; and many a married couple continue to livecomfortably together long after love has departed, from this mostbinding of all human sensations.
nicholas determined to quit overton;and newton, who perceived that his father's happiness was at stake,immediately acquiesced in his wish.
when nicholas forster resolved toleave the town where he had so long resided, he had no settled plans forthe future; the present idea to remove from the scene connected withsuch painful associations was all which occupied his thoughts.
newton,who presumed that his father had some arranged plan, did not attempt toawaken him from his profound melancholy, to inquire into his intentions;and nicholas had never given the subject one moment of his thought.
whenall was ready, newton inquired of his father, in what manner he intendedthey should travel?--"why, outside the coach will be the cheapest,newton; and we have no money to spare.
you had better take our placesto-night."
"to what place, father?"
"i'm sure i don't know, newton," replied nicholas, as if just awoke.
this answer produced a consultation; and after many _pros_ and _cons_,it was resolved that nicholas should proceed to liverpool, and settle inthat town.
the sloop commanded by newton was found defective in thestern port; and, as it would take some little time to repair her, newtonhad obtained leave for a few days to accompany his father on hisjourney.
the trunk picked up at sea, being too cumbrous, was depositedwith the articles of least value, in the charge of mr dragwell; theremainder was taken away by newton, until he could find a more secureplace for their deposit.
on their arrival at liverpool, with littlemoney and no friends, nicholas rented a small shop; and newton havingextended his leave of absence to the furthest, that he might contributeto his father's comfort, returned to overton, to resume the command ofthe sloop.
the first object was to call at the asylum, where he wasinformed that his mother was much less violent, but in so weak a statethat he could not be admitted.
doctor beddington had not returned; but amedical gentleman, who had been called in during his absence, stated tonewton, that he had no doubt if his mother should recover from herpresent state of exhaustion, that her reason would be restored.
newtonreturned to overton with a lightened heart, and the next day sailed inthe sloop for bristol.
contrary winds detained him more than a fortnighton his passage.
on his arrival, his cargo was not ready, and newtonamused himself by walking about the town and its environs.
at last hiscargo was on board; and newton, who was most anxious to ascertain thefate of his mother, made all haste to obtain his clearance and otherpapers from the custom-house.
it was late in the evening beforehe had settled with the house to which the sloop had been consigned;but, as the wind and tide served, and there was a bright moon, heresolved to weigh that night.
with his papers carefully buttoned in hiscoat, he was proceeding to the boat at the jetty, when he was seized bytwo men, who rushed upon him from behind.
he hardly had time to lookround to ascertain the cause, when a blow on the head stretched himsenseless on the ground.
now, my readers may probably feel some little distress at the misfortuneof newton, and have some slight degree of curiosity to know the groundsof this severe treatment.
i, on the contrary, am never more pleased thanwhen i find my principal character in a state of abeyance, and leave himso with the greatest indifference, because it suits my convenience.
ihave now an opportunity of returning to mrs forster, or any other of theparties who act a subordinate part in-my narrative; and, as newton isdown on the ground, and _hors de combat_, why, there let him lie--untili want him again.
doctor beddington returned home long before the recovery of mrs forsterfrom her severe attack.
as it may be presumed, he found her perfectlyrational; but still he had no doubt of the assertions of his keepers,that she was insane at the time that she was sent to the asylum by mrramsden.
the latter gentleman kept aloof until the issue of mrsforster's malady should be ascertained: if she recovered, it was hisintention to call upon doctor beddington and explain the circumstances;if she died, he had determined to say nothing about it.
mrs forster'srecovery was tedious; her mind was loaded with anxiety, and, what wasinfinitely more important, with deep remorse.
the supposed death of mrspinney had been occasioned by her violence, and she looked forward withalarm, as great as the regret with which she looked back upon her formerbehaviour.
when she called to mind her unfeeling conduct towards herhusband,--the many years of bitterness she had created for him,--herinfraction of the marriage vow--the solemn promise before god to love,honour, and obey, daily and hourly violated,--her unjust hatred of heronly son,--her want of charity towards others,--all her dutiesneglected,--swayed only by selfish and malignant passions,--with bittertears of contrition and self-abasement, she acknowledged that herpunishment was just.
with streaming eyes, with supplicating hands andbended knees, she implored mercy and forgiveness of him to whom appealis never made in vain.
passion's infuriate reign was over--her heart waschanged!
to doctor beddington she made neither complaint nor explanation.
all shewished was to quit the asylum as soon as she was restored to health, andprove to her husband, by her future conduct, the sincerity of herreformation.
when she became convalescent, by the advice of doctorbeddington, she walked in a garden appropriated for the exercise of themore harmless inmates of the asylum.
the first day that she went out shesat down upon a bench near to the keepers who were watching those whowere permitted to take the air and exercise, and overheard theirdiscourse, which referred to herself.
"why, what was it as made her mad--d'ye know, tom?"
"they say she's been no better all her life," replied the other; "a ratwould not live in the house with her: at last, in one of her tantrums,she nearly murdered old spinney, the clerk at overton.
the report wentout that he was dead; and conscience, i suppose, or summut of that kind,run away with her senses."
"oh, he warn't killed then?"
"no, no: i seed him and heard him too, sunday 'fore last, when i went tocall upon old father; i was obligated to go to church, the old gemman'sso remarkable particular."
"and what's become of her husband, and that handsome young chap, herson?"
"i don't know, nor nobody else either.
the old man, who was as worthy anold soul as ever breathed (more shame to the old faggot, for the lifeshe led him!)
grew very unhappy and melancholy, and would not stay inthe place: they disposed of everything, and both went away together; butnobody knows where the old man is gone to."
"and the young 'un?"
"oh, he came back and took command of the sloop.
he was here twice, tosee how his mother was.
it was quite pitiful to see howunhappy he was about the old catamaran.
he give me and bill a guineaapiece to be kind to her; but, about three days back, the sloop cameinto the harbour without him: they suppose that he fell off the jetty atbristol and was drowned, for he was seen coming down to the boat; and,a'ter that, they never heard no more about him."
"well, but tom, the old woman's all right now?"
"yes, she's right enough; but where be her husband, and where be herson?
she'll never plague them any more, that's pretty sartain."
the feelings of mrs forster at the _finale_ of this discourse are noteasy to be portrayed.
one heavy load was off her mind--mr spinney wasnot dead; but how much had she also to lament?
she perceived that shehad been treacherously kidnapped by those who detested her conduct, buthad no right to inflict the punishment.
the kind and feeling conduct ofher husband and of her son,--the departure of the one, and supposeddeath of the other, were blows which nearly overwhelmed her.
shetottered back to her cell in a state of such extreme agitation, as tooccasion a return of fever, and for many days she was unable to quit herbed.
"when britain first at heaven's command  arose from out the azure main,  this was the charter, the charter of the land,  and guardian angels sung the strain,----  rule britannia, britannia rules the waves,  for britons never shall be _slaves_."
we left newton forster senseless on the pavement leading to the quay atbristol, floored by a rap on the head from a certain person or personsunknown: he did not, however, remain there long, being hoisted on theshoulders of two stout fellows, dressed in blue jackets and trousers,with heavy clubs in their hands, and a pistol lying _perdu_ betweentheir waistcoats and shirts.
these nautical personages tumbled him intothe stern-sheets of a boat, as if not at all sorry to rid themselves ofhis weight; and, in a continued state of insensibility, newton washoisted up the side of a cutter which lay at anchor about one hundredyards from the shore.
when newton recovered his senses, his swimming eyes could just enablehim to perceive that something flashed upon them, and in their weakstate created a painful sensation.
as he became more collected, hediscovered that a man was holding a small candle close to them, toascertain whether the vein which had been opened in his arm had producedthe desired effect of restoring him to animation.
newton tried torecollect where he was, and what had occurred; but the attemptedexercise of his mental powers was too much, and again threw him into astate of stupor.
at last he awoke as if from a dream of death, andlooking round, found himself lying on the deck attended by a female, whobathed his forehead.
"where am i?"
"is it where you are, that you'd want for to know: an't ye on board ofthe _lively_ cutter, sure?
and an't you between decks in her, and ilooking a'ter ye, honey?"
"and who are you?"
"and who am i!
then, if i'm not somebody else, i'm judy malony, the wifeof the boatswain's mate, and a lawful married woman."
"how did i come here?"
continued newton, raising himself on his elbow.
"you didn't come at all, honey, you were brought."
"who brought me?"
"who brought ye!
it was either the gig or the jolly-boat; but i wasn'ton deck at the time, so i can't upon my oath say exactly which."
"then, pray can you tell me why i was brought here?"
"sure i can guess, bating you don't know already.
it was to sarve yourking and your country, like a brave volunteer as you are."
"then i'm impressed?"
"you may take your bible oath of it, my jewel, and commit no perjury.
it's a hard rap that ye got, anyhow; just a hint that ye were wanted:but plase god, if ye live and do well, 'twill be nothing at all to whatye'll have by-and-bye, all for the honour and glory of ould england."
newton, who during these remarks was thinking of his father's situation,and the distress he would suffer without his assistance, and then of thestate in which he had left his mother, again sank on the deck.
"why, he's off again!"
muttered judy malony; "he's no countryman ofmine, that's clear as the mud in the shannon, or he'd never fuss about arap with a shillelah;" and judy, lifting up her petticoats first, gainedher feet, and walked away forward.
newton remained in a state of uneasy slumber until daylight, when he wasawakened by the noise of boats coming alongside, and loud talking ondeck.
all that had passed did not immediately rush into his mind; buthis arm tied up with the bandage, and his hair matted, and his facestiff with the coagulated blood, soon brought to his recollection thecommunication of judy malony, that he had been impressed.
the 'tweendecks of the cutter appeared deserted, unless indeed there were peoplein the hammocks slung over his head; and newton, anxious to obtainfurther information, crawled under the hammocks to the ladder, and wentup on deck.
about twenty sailors, well armed, were busy handing out of the boatsseveral men whom they had brought on board, who were ordered aft by theofficer in command.
newton perceived that most of them had not receivedmuch better treatment than he had on the preceding evening; some wereshockingly disfigured, and were still bleeding profusely.
"how many have you altogether, mr vincent?"
said the lieutenant to astout master's mate with a tremendous pair of whiskers, which his loosehandkerchief discovered to join together at his throat.
"and how many had we before?--twenty-six, i think."
"twenty-seven, sir, with the young chap i sent on board last night."
"well, that will do; it's quite as many as we can stow away, or takecare of:--pass them all down below, forward; take up the ladder, and puton the grating until we are out of the harbour.
as soon as thejolly-boat comes on board we'll up anchor."
"she'll be off directly, sir; i ordered her to wait for johnson andmerton, who did not come down with us."
"do you think they have given you the slip?"
"i should think not, sir.
here is the jolly-boat coming off."
"well, pass the men forward and secure them," replied the lieutenant.
"overhaul the boat's falls, and bring to with the windlass."
newton thought this a good opportunity to state that he was the masterof a vessel, and, as such, protected from the impress; he thereforewalked over to the lieutenant, addressing him, "i beg your pardon,sir--""who are you?"
interrupted the lieutenant, gruffly.
"i was impressed last night, sir;--may i speak to you?"
"no, sir, you may not."
"it might save you some trouble, sir--""it will save me more to send you down below.
mr vincent, shove this mandown forward; why is he at large?"
"he was under the doctor's hands, i believe, sir.
come this way, myhearty--stir your stumps."
newton would have expostulated, but he was collared by two of thepress-gang, and very unceremoniously handed forward to the hatchway; thegrating was taken off, and he was lowered down to the deck below, wherehe found himself cooped up with more than forty others, almostsuffocated for the want of air and space.
the conversation (ifconversation it could be called) was nothing but one continued string ofcurses and execrations, and vows of deep revenge.
the jolly-boat returned, pulling only two oars; the remainder of hercrew, with johnson and merton, having taken this opportunity ofdeserting from their forced servitude.
with some hearty execrations uponthe heads of the offending parties, and swearing that by g--d there wasno such thing as _gratitude_ in a sailor, the commander of the cutterweighed his anchor, and proceeded to sea.
the orders received by the lieutenant of the cutter, although notprecisely specifying, still implying, that he was to bring back hiscargo alive, as soon as his majesty's cutter _lively_ was fairly out atsea the hatches were taken off, and the impressed men allowed to go ondeck in the proportion of about one half at a time, two sailors withdrawn cutlasses still remaining sentry at the coombings of the hatchway,in case of any discontented fellow presuming to dispute such lawfulauthority.
newton forster was happy to be once more on deck; so much had hesuffered during his few hours of confinement, that he really feltgrateful for the indulgence.
the sky was bright, and the cutter wasdashing along the coast with the wind, two points free, at the rate ofseven or eight miles an hour.
she was what sailors term rather _a wetone_, and as she plunged through the short waves the sea brokecontinually over her bows and chesstree, so that there was no occasionto draw water for purification.
newton washed his face and head, andfelt quite revived as he inhaled the fresh breeze, and watched the coastas the vessel rapidly passed each headland in her course.
all around himwere strangers, and no one appeared inclined to be communicative; eventhe most indifferent, the most stoical, expressed their ideas indisjointed sentences; they could not but feel that their projects andspeculations had been overthrown by a captivity so anomalous with theirboasted birthright.
"where are we going?"
inquired newton of a man who stood next him,silently watching the passing foam created by the rapid course of thevessel.
"to _hell_ i hope, with _those who brought us here!_" replied the man,grinding his teeth with a scowl of deep revenge.
at this moment judy malony came pattering along the wet deck with a kid ofpotato-peelings to throw over the bows.
newton recognised her, and thankedher for her kindness.
"it's a nice boy that you are, sure enough, now that you're swate andclean," replied judy.
"bad luck to the rapparee who gave you the blow!
iaxed my husband if it was he; but he swears upon his salvation that itwas no one if it wasn't tim o'connor, the baste!"
"where are we going?"
"an't we going to dinner in a minute or two?"
"i mean where is the cutter bound to?"
the cutter you mane!
if she can only find her way, it's toplymouth, sure;--they're waiting for ye."
"who is waiting for us?"
"why, three fine frigates as can't go to sea without hands.
you neverheard of a ship sailing without hands; the poor dumb craturs can't donothing by themselves."
"do you know where the frigates are going?"
"going to _say_, i lay my life on't," replied judy, who then walkedforward, and broke up the conversation.
the next morning the cutter ran into hamoaze, and boats were sent onboard to remove the impressed men to the guard-ship.
there, much to hisannoyance and mortification, newton found that, with the others, he wastreated as a close prisoner.
the afternoon of the same day anothervessel arrived from the eastward with a collection of offenders, who fora variety of crimes and misdemeanours had been sentenced to serve onboard of a man-of-war.
no distinction was made; all were huddledtogether, and treated alike, until summoned on the quarter-deck, whentheir names were called out for distribution to the several men-of-war.
each ship having a quota of seamen and pickpockets allotted to her indue proportion, the men were ordered down into the boats; and in lessthan an hour newton found himself on board of a fine frigate lying inthe sound, with her fore-topsail loose, as a signal of her immediatedeparture.
"tis roan's bold task the gen'rous strife to try,  but in the hands of god is victory."
newton, and the other men who had been selected for the frigate, onboard of which they had been despatched (victualled the day discharged),were mustered on the quarter-deck by the first lieutenant, who askedthem the questions, whether they were bred to the sea, and could takethe helm and lead.
having noted down their answers, he stationed themaccordingly, and they were dismissed.
newton would again have appealed,but on reflection thought it advisable to await the arrival of thecaptain.
beds and blankets were not supplied that evening: the boatswere hoisted up, sentries on the gangways supplied with ball-cartridgesto prevent desertion, and permission granted to the impressed men to"prick for the softest plank," which they could find for their night'srepose.
at daylight the hands were turned up, the capstern manned, the frigateunmoored, and hove "short stay a-peak" on her anchor remaining down.
thegig was sent on shore with two midshipmen, one to watch the men andprevent their desertion, while the other went up to the captain'slodgings to report her arrival, the topsails were loosed, sheeted home,and hoisted, the yards braced by, and newton to his sorrow perceivedthat the captain's arrival would be the signal for immediate departure.
the signal-man, on the look-out with his glass, reported the gig comingoff with the captain; and in obedience to the orders he had received,the first lieutenant immediately hove up, and the anchor having been"catted and fished," the frigate lay-to in the sound.
as soon as theboat came alongside, and the captain had been received with thecustomary honours, he desired sail to be made on her as soon as the boatwas hoisted up, and then descended to his cabin.
in three minutes newtonperceived that all chance of release for the present was over; thecourses and top-gallant sails were set, and the frigate darted past theram head at the rate of ten miles per hour.
in about twenty minutes, after the messenger had been stowed away, thecables coiled in the tiers, and the ropes flemished down on deck, thecaptain made his appearance, and directed the first lieutenant to sendaft the newly-impressed men.
in few words he pointed out to them thenecessity of their servitude; and concluded by recommending them toenter his majesty's service, and receive the bounty to which they wouldbecome entitled; observing, that the men who did so would raisethemselves in his good opinion, and as far as he had the power, wouldnot be forgotten by him, provided that their general good conductmerited his favour.
some few accepted the terms, but the most of thempositively refused.
when newton was addressed, he stated to the captainthat he was master of a vessel, and exempted by law from the impress.
"it is easy to assert that," observed the captain; "but where are yourproofs?
your youth almost denies what you affirm."
"there are my papers, sir, my clearance from the custom-house, and mybill of lading, which i had in my pocket, intending to sail a fewminutes after the time that i was impressed."
"i observe," replied the captain, examining the papers, "they appear tobe all correct.
what is your name?"
"then this is your signature?"
"it is, sir."
"mr pittson, desire the clerk to bring up a pen and ink."
the clerk made his appearance.
"now, sign your name."
newton obeyed, andhis signature was compared with that on the bill of lading, by thecaptain and first lieutenant.
"why did you not mention this before?"
continued the captain.
"i attempted several times, but was not permitted to speak."
newton thenstated how he had been treated when impressed, and afterwards by theofficer commanding the cutter.
"you certainly were exempted from the impress, if what you state istrue; and i believe it so to be," replied the captain.
"it is a hardcase; but what can i do?
here we are at sea, and likely to remain on acruise of several months.
you cannot expect to eat the bread of idlenesson board of a man-of-war.
you will do your duty wherever you arestationed.
there is no disgrace in serving his majesty in any capacity.
i tell you candidly, that although i would not have impressed youmyself, i am very glad that i have you on board; i wish i had fifty moreof the same sort, instead of the sweepings of the gaols, which i amobliged to mix up with prime seamen."
"perhaps, sir, you will have the kindness to send me back by the firsthomeward-bound vessel?"
"no, that i cannot do; you are on the ship's books, and the case must bereferred to the admiralty on our return: that it will be my duty toattend to, upon your application; but i hope before that you will haveentered into his majesty's service."
"and in the meantime my poor father may starve," said newton, with asigh, not addressing those around him, but giving utterance to histhoughts.
the captain turned away, and paced the quarter-deck with the firstlieutenant.
at last he was overheard to say, "it's a very hard case,certainly.
forster, can you navigate?"
continued the captain, addressingnewton.
"yes, sir, i can work up a dead reckoning, and take the sun's altitude."
"very well, that will do.
mr pittson, you may dismiss them.
are they putinto messes?"
"it's twelve o'clock, sir," said the master, touching his hat, with hisquadrant in his hand.
"make it so, and pipe to dinner."
newton was stationed in the foretop.
in a few days the awkwardnessarising from the novelty of the scene, and from the superior dimensionsof every variety of equipment on board of the frigate, compared to thesmall craft to which he had been accustomed, passed away.
the orderwhich was exacted to preserve discipline, the precision with which thetime was regulated, the knowledge of the duty allotted to him, soon madehim feel that no more was exacted than what could easily be performed,and that there was no hardship in serving on board of a man-of-war; theonly hardship was, the manner in which he had been brought there.
although he often sighed as he thought of his father and mother, he didhis duty cheerfully, and was soon distinguished as a most promisingyoung sailor.
captain northfleet was a humane and good officer, and his firstlieutenant followed in his steps, and equally deserved the character.
before the ship's company had been six weeks together, they were in atolerable state of discipline; and proved such to be the case, byacknowledging that they were happy.
this, added to the constantexcitement of chasing and capturing the vessels of the enemy, with theanticipation of prize-money, soon made most of those who had beenimpressed forget what had occurred, or cease to lament it as a hardship.
the continual exercise of the guns was invariably followed up by ageneral wish that they might fall in with an enemy of equal force, toascertain whether such constant drilling had been thrown away upon them.
the _terpsichore_ received supplies of provisions and water from otherships, and for nine months continued a successful cruise.
several prizes had already been captured, and sent home to england.
thecomplement of the frigate was materially reduced by so many absentees,although some of her men had been brought out to her by other vessels,when a strange sail was discovered from the mast-head.
a few hourssufficed to bring the swift _terpsichore_ alongside of the stranger, whofirst hoisted, and then immediately hauled down the tricoloured flag intoken of submission.
she proved to be a french brig, bound to the capeof good hope, with ammunition and government stores.
the thirdlieutenant, and all the midshipmen who could navigate, were alreadyaway; and this prize proving valuable, captain northfleet resolved tosend her in.
the difficulty relative to a prize-master was removed bythe first lieutenant, who recommended newton forster.
to this suggestionthe captain acceded; and newton, with five men, and two french prisonersto assist, was put on board of the _estelle_, with written instructionsto repair to plymouth, and, upon his arrival there, deliver up the prizeto the agent, and report himself to the admiral.
captain northfleet also returned to newton the papers of his sloop, andgave him a letter to the admiral, stating the hardship of his case.
atthe same time that he informed him of the contents of his letter, herecommended newton to continue in the service, promising that, if hetook the vessel safe into port, he would put him on the quarter-deck, asone of the mates of the frigate.
newton thanked captain northfleet forhis good intentions; and, requesting permission to reflect upon hisproposal, took his leave, and in a few minutes was on board of the_estelle_.
there was a buoyancy of spirits in newton when he once more foundhimself clear of the frigate.
he acknowledged that he had been welltreated, and that he had not been unhappy; but still it was emancipationfrom forced servitude.
it is hard to please where there are so manymasters; and petty tyranny will exist, and cause much discontent beforeit is discovered, even where the best discipline prevails.
the imperiousbehaviour of the young midshipmen, who assume the same despotic swaywhich is exercised over themselves, as soon as their superiors are outof sight and hearing, was often extremely galling to newton forster, andit frequently required much forbearance not to retort.
however in strictjustice this might be warranted, discipline would not permit it, and itwould have been attended with severe punishment.
it was therefore with a feeling of delight that newton found himself hisown master, and watched the hull and canvas of the _terpsichore_, asthey gradually sank below the horizon.
the _estelle_ was a fine vessel, and her cargo not being all composed ofheavy materials, was sufficiently light on the water to sail well.
atthe time of her capture, they were, by the reckoning of the frigate,about fourteen hundred miles from the lizard.
in a fortnight, therefore,with the wind at all propitious, newton hoped to set his foot upon hisnative land.
he crowded all the sail which prudence would allow; and,with the wind upon his quarter, steered his course for england.
the men sent with him in the brig consisted of two able seamen, andthree of the gang which had been collected from the gaols and broughtround from the eastward.
captain northfleet spared the former, as it wasnecessary that a part of the crew should be able to steer and navigatethe vessel; the latter, with the sincere hope of never seeing themagain, taking it for granted that they would run away as soon as theyarrived at plymouth.
with the two prisoners, they were sufficient towork the vessel.
during the first ten days the wind was generally in their favour; andthe brig was not far off from the chops of the channel, when a lowraking vessel was perceived bearing down upon them from the n.w.
newtonhad no glass; but as she neared to within three miles, the vessel worethe appearance of a privateer schooner; but whether an enemy or not, itwas impossible to decide.
the _estelle_ had two small brass guns on herforecastle; and newton, to ascertain the nation to which the privateerbelonged, hoisted the french ensign and fired a gun.
in a minute theprivateer hoisted english colours; but as she continued to bear downupon them, newton, not feeling secure, rove his studding-sail gear, andmade all preparation for running before the wind, which he knew to bethe brig's best point of sailing.
the privateer had approached to withintwo miles, when roberts, one of the seamen, gave his decided opinionthat she was a french vessel, pointing out the slight varieties in therigging and build of the vessel, which would not have been apparent toanyone but a thorough-bred seamen.
"we'd better up helm, and get the sail upon her.
if she be french,she'll soon show herself by firing at us."
newton was of the same opinion.
the brig was put before the wind, andgradually all her canvas was spread.
the privateer immediately shook outall her reefs, set her lofty sails, hoisted french colours, and, in afew minutes, a shot whizzed through the rigging of the _estelle_, andpitched into the water ahead of them.
"i thought so," cried roberts.
"it's a johnny crapeau.
a starn chase isa long chase, anyhow.
the brig sails well, and there aren't more thantwo hours daylight; so monsieur must be quick, or we'll give him theslip yet."
the privateer was now within a mile of them; both vessels had "got theirway;" and their respective powers of sailing were to be ascertained.
inhalf an hour the privateer had neared to three-quarters of a mile.
"i think our little guns will soon reach her," observed newton.
williams, give me the helm.
go forward with roberts and the men, androuse them aft.
be smart, my lads, for she has the heels of us."
"come along," said roberts.
"you, collins, why don't you stir?--do youwish to see the inside of a french prison?"
"no," replied collins, sauntering forward, "not particularly."
"only by way of a change, i suppose," observed thompson, another of theconvicts.
"you have been in every gaol in england, to myknowledge--haven't you, ben?"
"mayhap i have," replied collins; "but one gentleman should neverinterfere in the consarns of another.
i warn't whipped at the cart-tail,as you were, last lancaster'sizes."
"no; but you had a taste of it on board of the _terpsichore_.
ben, youarn't forgot that?"
retorted hillson, the other of the three characterswho had been sent with newton.
in a few minutes the guns were run aft, and the ammunition brought ondeck.
newton then gave the helm to williams, and served one gun; whileroberts took charge of the other.
the privateer had continued to nearthem, and was now within their range.
a smart fire was kept up on her,which she returned with her superior metal.
after the firing had commenced, the approach of the privateer was insome degree checked.
the guns fired from the stern of the _estelle_assisted her velocity through the water; while, on the contrary, theprivateer, being obliged to yaw from her course that her guns mightbear, and firing from the bow, her impetus was checked.
still theprivateer had the advantage in sailing, and slowly neared the brig.
"there's no need of your coming aft so close upon us," said roberts tothe two frenchmen who had been sent on board; "go forward, and keep outof the way.
that 'ere chap is after mischief; he had his eye upon the_amminition_," continued the sailor to newton.
"go forward--d'ye hear?
or i'll split your d--d french skull with the handspike."
"don't touch him, roberts," said newton.
"no, i won't touch him, if he keeps out of my way.
do you hear?--goforward!"
cried roberts to the frenchman, waving his hand.
the frenchman answered with a sneer and a smile, and was turning to obeythe order, when a shot from the privateer cut him nearly in two.
theother frenchman, who was close to him, made a rapid descent into thecabin.
"that was well meant, anyhow," observed roberts, looking at the deadbody; "but it wasn't meant for him.
shall i toss him overboard?"
"no, no--let him lie.
if they capture us, they will perceive it wastheir own doing."
"well, then, i'll only haul him into the lee-scuppers, out of the way."
another shot from the privateer passed through the cabin windows, andwent forward into the hold.
the french prisoner ran on deck with as muchhaste as before he had run below.
"ay, it will be your turn next, my cock," cried roberts, who had beenremoving the body to the gunnel.
"now, let me try my luck again," and hehastened to his gun.
newton fired before roberts was ready.
thetopsail-sheet of the schooner was divided by the shot, and the sail flewout before the yard.
"that's a good two cables' length in our favour," cried roberts.
roberts fired his gun, and was more fortunate; his shot struckaway the fore-top-gallant-mast, while the royal and top-gallant sailfell before the topsail.
"well done, my little piece of brass!"
said roberts, slapping the gunfamiliarly on the breech; "only get us out of our scrape, and i'llpolish you as bright as silver!"
whether the gun understood him or not, or, what is more probable, theshort distance between the brig and the privateer made it moreeffective, more mischief took place in the sails and rigging of theschooner.
her topsail-sheet was, however, soon rebent, the sail reset,and her other casualties made good.
she ceased firing her long gun, andat dusk had crept up to within a quarter of a mile, and commenced aheavy fire of musketry upon the brig.
"this is rather warm work," observed williams at the helm, pointing to abullet-hole through his jacket.
"rather too warm," observed collins, the convict.
"i don't see why weare to risk our lives for our paltry share of prize-money.
i vote forhauling down the colours."
"not yet," said newton, "not yet, my lads.
let us try a few shots more."
"try!--to be sure," rejoined roberts; "didn't i say before, that a starnchase was a long one."
"that only makes the matter worse," replied collins; "for while we areto be peppered this way, i think the shorter the chase the better.
however, you may do as you please, but i'm not so fond of it; so here'sdown below to the fore-peak!"
"ben, you're a sensible chap, and gives good advice; we'll just followyou," said hillson.
"birds of a feather always flock together; so, ben, i'm of your party,"added thompson.
the convicts then descended forward out of the fire of the musketry,while newton and roberts continued to load and fire, and williamssteered the brig.
the frenchman had already found his way below again,before the convicts.
the schooner was within two cables' length, and the fire of the musketrywas most galling; each of the english seamen had received slight wounds,when, just as it was dark, one of the shots from the brig proved moreeffective.
the main-boom of the schooner was either cut in two, or somuch injured as to oblige them to lower her mainsail.
the brig nowincreased her distance fast, and in a few minutes they lost sight of theschooner in the darkness of the night.
cried roberts, "didn't i tell you that a starn chase was a longone?"
not a star was to be seen, the darkness was intense; and newtonconsulted with williams and roberts as to what was their best plan ofproceeding.
it was agreed to haul up for a quarter of an hour, then furlall, and allow the privateer to pass them.
this was put in execution:the convicts, now that there was no more firing, coming to theirassistance.
the next morning the weather proved hazy, and the schooner,who had evidently crowded sail in pursuit of them, was nowhere to beseen.
newton and his crew congratulated themselves upon their escape, andagain shaped their course for the channel.
the wind would not allow them to keep clear of ushant; and two daysafterwards they made the french coast near to that island.
the nextmorning they had a slant of wind, which enabled them to lay her head upfor plymouth, and anticipated that in another twenty-four hours theywould be in safety.
such, however, was not their good fortune; aboutnoon a schooner hove in sight to leeward, and it was soon ascertained tobe the same vessel from which they had previously escaped.
before duskshe was close to them; and newton, aware of the impossibility ofresistance, hove-to, as a signal of surrender.
"misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows."
as the reader may have before now occasionally heard comments upon theuncertainty of the moon and of the sea, and also, perhaps of human life,i shall not venture any further remarks upon the subject; for were theyeven new, i should never have the credit of them.
this is certain, thatinstead of finding themselves, as they anticipated to be in the nexttwenty-four hours, safely moored in the port of plymouth, newton and hiscomrades found themselves, before that time had elapsed, safely lockedup in the prison of morlaix.
but we must not proceed so fast.
although the _estelle_ had squared her mainyard as a signal ofsubmission, the privateer's men, as they ranged their vessel alongside,thought it advisable to pour in a volley of musketry; this might haveproved serious, had it not been that newton and his crew were all downbelow, hoping to secure a few changes of linen, which, in a prison,might prove very useful.
as it was, their volley only killed theremaining french prisoner, who remained on deck, over-joyed at therecapture, and anticipating an immediate return to his own country; bywhich it would appear that the "_l'homme propose, mais dieu dispose_" offrance, is quite as sure a proverb as the more homely "many a slipbetween cup and lip" of our own country.
the boat of the privateer was sent on board: a dozen men, with theircutlasses flourishing over their heads, leapt on the deck of the_estelle_, and found nobody to exercise their valour upon, except thebody of their departed comrade; upon which they shouted for the "sacré'sgod dams" to "monter."
newton and the rest obeyed the summons, with theirbundles in their hands; the latter they were soon relieved of by theirconquerors, who, to prove that it was not out of "_politesse_" thatthey carried their effects, at the same time saluted them with variousblows with their cutlasses upon their backs and shoulders.
newton, who feltthat resistance would only be an excuse for further aggression, bore withphilosophy what he could not prevent, and hastened into the boat.
theconvicts also took their share with patience--they had been accustomed to"many stripes."
roberts and williams, in spite of the remonstrances ofnewton, with all the reckless spirit or english, sailors, would not submitso quietly.
the first object which attracted roberts' attention, as he cameup the ladder, was the body of the remaining french prisoner.
johnny, so you're gone!
didn't i tell you that your turn wouldcome next?
i say, my hearties, you keep all your bullets for yourfriends," continued roberts, addressing the privateer's men.
a few "sacrés" and "f----s" was the reply, as one of them attempted totwitch his bundle out of his hand.--"hold fast there, old chap, don'ttake what you never paid for."
a scuffle now ensued; which ended in roberts, who found that he couldnot retain possession, shying his bundle at the foremost man, with suchforce as to lay him on the deck.--"well, if you will have it, take it,"cried roberts.
"the beggars have chopped my fingers," growled williams.
"i say,mounseer, don't make quite so free with that iron of yours, or i'llsmash your top-lights."
"i wish i had three on 'em on point beach, one up and one down.
i'dsarve you out, you d--d frog-eating sea-cooks!"
said roberts, squaringat the privateer's men with clenched fists.
this obstreperous conduct produced a shower of blows with the backs ofthe cutlasses.
williams, in a rage, wrenched a cutlass from one of thefrenchmen, and laid about him; while roberts, with his fists, rushedwithin their guards, and laid two of them at his feet.
at last they wereoverpowered and thrown into the boat, bleeding profusely from variouscuts which they had received in the unequal scuffle.
the privateer'speople then shoved off and rowed on board of the schooner.
as soon as newton and the other englishmen were up the side, they werepushed aft; their persons were then searched, and every part of theirapparel, which appeared to be of good materials, or little worn, wastaken from them.
collins, the convict, was a good prize; he had put onshirt over shirt, stocking over stocking, and trousers over trousers,that the frenchmen began to wonder if ever they should arrive at the"inner man."
at last, he was uncased, an old pair of trousers thrown tohim, and he was left without any other garment, shivering in the cold.
newton, who still retained his waistcoat and shirt, took off the former,and gave it to the convict, who whispered as he thanked him, "i don'tcare a fig, they have left me my old hat."
as soon as the recapture wasmanned, the privateer bore up for the french coast, and before morninganchored in the rocky harbour of morlaix.
at daylight, the prisoners,who had received no refreshment, were handed into a boat, and on theirlanding, conducted by a party of _gens d'armes_ to the prison.
duringtheir progress to their place of confinement collins excited theamusement of the bystanders, and the surprise of his fellow-prisoners,by walking with his hands and arms raised in a certain position.
afterthey had been locked up, he went to the barred window, and continued thesame gestures to the people who were crowded about the prison, most ofwhom continued their mockery.
newton, who came forward to the window torequest a little water for roberts and williams, who wished to quenchtheir thirst and wash their wounds, which had not been dressed, inquiredof collins his reasons for so doing.
"it is for your benefit as well asmine," replied collins; "at least i hope so.
there are freemasons in allcountries."
a few minutes afterwards, one of the people outside came forward, andpointed out to the sentry that the prisoners were making signs forwater.
the _gendarme_, who had paid no attention to newton, listened tothe appeal of his countryman, who, upon the grounds of common humanity,persuaded him to allow them such a necessary boon.
the water wasbrought, and, as the man walked away, a sign, unperceived by all butcollins, gave him to understand that his appeal had been understood.
"all's right," said collins to newton, as he quitted the grating.
"wehave friends without, and we have _friends_ within."
in about an hoursome bread was brought in, and among those who brought it collinsperceived the person who had answered his signal; but no furtherrecognition took place.
at noon the door of the prison was againunbarred, and a surgeon came to dress the wounded men.
he wasaccompanied by two or three others, deputed by the governor of the townto obtain intelligence, and the new acquaintance of collins appeared asinterpreter.
while the surgeon dressed the wounds of roberts andwilliams, which, although numerous, were none of any importance, manyquestions were asked, and taken down when interpreted.
each prisoner wasseparately interrogated; collins was one of the first examined.
thequestions put and answers given were carefully intermixed with moreimportant matter.
the person who acted as interpreter spoke english toowell for a frenchman: apparently he was a dane or russian, who wasdomiciliated there.
he commenced with--"no one understands english but me--but they are suspicious: becareful.--what is your name?"
said the french amanuensis, "john co--lin.
_c'est bien;continuez._""what is your rank--_and in your lodge_?"
"common seaman--_master_," answered collins, adroitly.
said the party with his pen.
"matelot," replied the interpreter.
"demandez-lui le nom du bâtiment."
"what is the name of your ship?--_how can we assist you?_""_terpsichore--a boat, with provisions._""comment?"
"frégate croiseur _terpsichore_."
"does she sail well?--_at what time?_""_to night, with a guide._""que dit-il?"
"elle marche bien avec le vent large."
"demandez-lui la force."
"what number of guns?--_how can you get out?_""thirty-six guns.--_i have the means._""trente-six canons."
"trente-six canons," repeated the frenchman, writing; "c'estbien--alors, l'équipage."
"how many men?--_i will be here at dark._""two hundred and seventy men; but many away in prizes."
"deux cents soixante-dix hommes-d'équipage; mais il y a beaucoup dansles bâtimens pris."
newton and the others were also interrogated, the names taken down, andthe parties then quitted the prison.
"now, if we make a push for it, i think we may get off," said collins tonewton and the rest, after the door had closed.
"i never saw the prisonin england which could hold me when i felt inclined to walk out of it;and as for their bars, i reckon them at about an hour's work.
i nevertravel without my little friends;"--and collins, taking off his old hat,removed the lining, and produced a variety of small saws made fromwatch-springs, files, and other instruments.
"then," continued he, "withthese, and this piece of tallow stuck outside my hat, i will be throughthose bars in no time.
french iron ar'n't worth a d--n, and the sentrysha'n't hear me if he lolls against them; although it may be just aswell if thompson tips us a stave, as then we may work the faster."
"i say, bill," observed hillson, "who is your friend?"
"i don't know--he may be the governor; but this i do know, for thehonour of freemasonry, we may trust him and all like him; so just mindyour own business, tom."
"he said he would be here at dark," observed newton.
"yes,--i must prepare--go to the grating, some of you, that they may notlook in upon me."
this unexpected prospect of deliverance created an anxious joy in thebreasts of the prisoners; the day appeared interminable.
at last, theshades of night set in, and a clouded sky with mizzling rain raisedtheir hopes.
the square in front of the prison was deserted, and thesentinel crouched close against the door, which partially protected himfrom the weather.
in a few minutes a person was heard in conversationwith the sentinel.
"he must be coming now," observed collins in a lowtone; "that must be one of his assistants who is taking off theattention of the _gens d'arme_."
"make no noise," said a voice in a whisper, at the outside of the bars.
"i am here," replied collins, softly.
"how can you get out of the prison?"
"get the sentry out of the way when we leave off singing; the bars willthen be removed."
"everything is prepared outside.
when you get out, keep close under thewall to the right.
i shall be at the corner, if i am not here."
the freemason then retired from the grating.
"now, thompson, not too loud, there's no occasion for it; two of us canwork."
thompson commenced his song; newton took a small saw from collins, whodirected him how to use it.
the iron bars of the prison yielded like woodto the fine-tempered instruments which collins employed.
in an hour and ahalf three of the bars were removed without noise, and the aperture waswide enough for their escape.
the singing of thompson, whose voice wastolerably good, and ear very correct, had not only the effect of preventingtheir working being heard, but amused the sentinel, who remained with hisback to the wall listening to the melody.
their work was so far accomplished.
thompson ceased, and all was silenceand anxiety; in a few minutes the sentinel was again heard inconversation, and the voices receded, as if he had removed to a greaterdistance.
"now, brother," said the low voice under the aperture.
in a minute the whole of the prisoners were clear of the walls, andfollowed their guide in silence, until they reached the landing-place.
"there is the boat, and provisions sufficient," said the freemason, in alow tone; "you will have to pass the sentries on the rocks: but we cando no more for you.
farewell, brother; and may you and your companionsbe fortunate!"
so saying, their friendly assistant disappeared.
the night was so dark, that although close to the boat, it was withdifficulty that its outlines could be discerned.
newton, recommendingthe strictest silence and care in entering, stepped into it, and wasfollowed by the rest.
roberts, whose eyesight was a little affected fromthe wounds in his head, stumbled over one of the oars.
"_qui vive?_" cried out one of the sentries on the rock.
no answer was made; they all remained motionless in their seats.
thesentry walked to the edge of the rock and looked down; but notdistinguishing anything, and hearing no further noise, returned to hispost.
for some little while newton would not allow them to move: the oars werethen carefully lifted over the gunnel, and their clothes laid in therowlocks, to muffle the sound; the boat was pushed from thelanding-place into the middle of the narrow inlet.
the tide was ebbing,and with their oars raised out of the water, ready to give way ifperceived, they allowed the boat to drift out of one of the narrowchannels which formed the entrance of the harbour.
the rain now beat down fast: and anxious to be well clear of the coastbefore daylight, newton thought they might venture to pull.
the oarswere taken by him and collins; but before they had laid them three timesin the water, one of the sentries, hearing the noise, discharged hismusket in the direction.
"give way, now, as hard as we can," cried newton; "it's our onlychance."
another and another musket was fired.
they heard the guard turned out;lights passing on the batteries close to them, and row-boats manning.
they double-banked their oars, and, with the assistance of the ebb-tideand obscurity, they were soon out of gun-shot.
they then laid in theiroars, shipped their mast, and sailed away from the coast.
it was nine o'clock in the evening when they started, and at daylightthe french coast was not to be seen.
overjoyed at their escape, theycommenced an attack upon the provisions and a small keg of wine; andperhaps a more joyful breakfast never was made.
the sun rose in vapour,the sky threatened, but they were free and happy.
the wind freshened, andthe boat flew before the gale; the running seas topping over her stern andforcing them continually to bale her out; but all was joy, and freedomturned their "danger to delight."
they passed several vessels at adistance, who did not observe them; and before sunset the english coast wasin sight.
at ten o'clock the double lights on the lizard were on theirstarboard bow.
they hauled up upon the larboard tack with the ebb-tide, andhaving passed the lizard, kept away for mount's bay, to avoid the chance offalling in with any of the king's vessels, and being again impressed.
atdaylight they ran in under st michael's mount, and once more stepped uponenglish ground.
here, as by previous agreement, they divided theprovisions, and took farewell of each other.
"good-bye, gentlemen," said collins; "allow me to observe that, foronce, you may think yourselves fortunate in having been placed in myvery respectable company!"
"once more upon the waters."
as newton had lost his credentials from captain northfleet, as well asthe vessel confided to his charge, he did not consider it necessary topay his respects to the port-admiral at plymouth.
on the contrary, heset off, as fast as his legs would carry him, to liverpool, to ascertainthe condition of his father.
we shall pass over the difficulties heexperienced on his journey.
there is no country where travelling is moreeasy or more rapid than in england, provided that you have plenty ofmoney; but when you travel _in formâ pauperis_, there is no country inwhich you get on so badly.
parish rates and poor laws have dried up thesources of benevolence; and as newton did not apply to the overseers forhis three-halfpence a mile, he got on how he could, which was badlyenough.
when at last he did arrive at liverpool, he found himself astone or two the lighter, and would have been pronounced by captainbarclay to have been in excellent training.
newton had written to his father, acquainting him with his impressment;but was doubtful whether the letter had ever been received, as it hadbeen confided to the care of one of the women who left the frigate theevening previous to her sailing.
when he arrived at the house heperceived his father at his bench as usual, but doing nothing, and theshop windows were bare.
newton entered, and his father looked up.
"why, newton, my dear boy, is it you?"
cried nicholas; "what a longwhile you have been away!
well, how is mr hilton?--and how is your poormother?"
"my dear father," replied newton, taking his hand, "did not you receivemy letter?"
"no, i received no letter.
what a time you have been away; i declare itmust be two or three months, or more."
"it is nearly twelve months, my dear father: i was pressed at bristol,have been on board of a man-of-war, and have just escaped from a frenchprison."
newton then entered into a narrative of his adventures, to theastonishment of nicholas, who heard him with open mouth.
so you've been in a man-of-war, and in france; then you don'tknow how your poor mother is?"
"have you not inquired, my dear father?"
"no, i thought you would come home, and tell me all about it," repliednicholas, with a sigh.
"how have you got on here?"
said newton, to change the conversation.
"very bad indeed, newton,--very bad indeed; i have not had six jobssince you left me."
"i am sorry to hear it, father; have you anything to eat in the house,for i am very hungry?"
"i am afraid not much," replied nicholas, going to the cupboard, andproducing some bread and cheese.
"can you eat bread and cheese, my dearboy?"
"i could eat a horse, my dear father," replied newton, who had walkedthe last twelve hours without sustenance.
newton attacked the provender, which soon disappeared.
"i have been obliged to sell most of the shop furniture," said nicholas,observing newton to cast his eyes at the empty window.
"i could not helpit.
i believe nobody wears spectacles in liverpool."
"it can't be helped, father; we must hope for better times."
"yes, we must trust in god, newton.
i sold my watch yesterday, and thatwill feed us for some time.
a sailor came into the shop, and asked if ihad any watches to sell: i told him that i only repaired them atpresent; but that when my improvement in the duplex--" here nicholasforgot the thread of his narrative, and was commencing a calculationupon his intended improvement, when newton interrupted him.
"well, sir, what did the sailor reply?"
i forgot; i told him that i had a watch of my own that i would partwith, which went very well; and that it would be cheaper to him than anew one; that it cost fifteen pounds; but i was in want of money, andwould take five pounds for it.
he saw how sorry i was to part withit--and so i was."
here nicholas thought of his watch, and forgot hisstory.
"well, my dear father," said newton, "what did he give you for it?"
"oh!--why, he was a kind, good creature, and said that he was not theman to take advantage of a poor devil in distress, and that i shouldhave the full value of it.
he put the watch in his fob and counted outfifteen pounds on the counter.
i wanted to return part: but he walkedout of the shop, and before i could get round the counter, he had gotround the corner of the street."
"'twas a god-send, my dear father," replied newton, "for i have not ahalfpenny.
do you know what became of my chest, that i left on board ofthe sloop?"
now i think of it, it came here by the waggon.
i put itupstairs.
i wondered why you sent it."
newton having appeased his hunger, went upstairs, and found all hiswearing apparel had been forwarded by mr hilton, who supposed him dead,and that he was enabled to make a more respectable appearance than whatthe privateer's people had hitherto permitted him.
in a few days he feltquite recovered from his fatigue, and sallied forth in search ofemployment.
on the day after his arrival at liverpool he had written tothe asylum, to inquire the fate of his mother.
the answer which hereceived was, that mrs forster had recovered, and remained many monthsin the establishment as nurse; but that ten days back she had quittedthe asylum, and that her address was not known.
newton, who had no means of prosecuting further inquiry, was obliged tobe satisfied with the intelligence that his mother was alive and well.
he communicated the information to nicholas, who observed:"poor thing!
she's looking for us, depend upon it, newton, and will behere very soon:" and this expectation was revived whenever nicholasthought of his wife; and he continued satisfied.
we must allow many months to pass away in one paragraph--months ofineffectual struggle against poverty and want of employment, whichnewton made every exertion to obtain as mate of a merchant vessel.
theway in which he had been impressed had caused a dread of the king'sservice, which he could not overcome; and although he had but to choosehis ship as a sailor before the mast, he could not prevail upon himselfto accept a berth which was not protected from the impress.
withoutrecommendation he could not obtain the situation of mate, and hecontinued to work as a rigger in the docks, until his hand wasunfortunately severely jammed by the heel of a topmast, and he was laidup for many weeks.
each day their fare became scantier, and they werereduced to their last shilling, when newton was again able to go out andseek employment.
it was a rough day, blowing hard from the s.e., when newton, who hadtried his fortune on board of every vessel (crowded as they were in thedocks) without success, walked in a melancholy and disappointed moodalong the splendid pier which lines the river-side.
few people were out,for the gusts of wind were accompanied by smart driving showers of rain.
here and there was to be seen a boat pulling up inshore to fetch theshipping in the stream, who with a heavy strain on their cables wereriding to the s.e.
gale, and a strong ebb-tide.
newton had made up hismind to enter on board of one of these vessels about to sail, providedthey would advance him a part of his wages for his father's support;when, as a heavy squall cleared away, he perceived that a boat hadbroken adrift from the outermost vessel (a large brig), with only oneman in it, who was carried away by the rapid current, assisted by thegale blowing down the river, so as to place him in considerable risk.
the man in the boat tossed out his oar, and pulling first on one side,and then on the other, tried to make for the shore; but in vain.
he wasswept away with a rapidity which threatened in less than an hour tocarry him out to sea, unless assistance were afforded him.
another heavy squall again hid the boat from the sight of newton, whohad been anxiously watching to ascertain if any relief was sent from theshipping, and who was now convinced that the disaster had not beenperceived.
he therefore ran down the bank of the river, waiting untilthe squall should blow over, and enable him to discover the boat.
in about ten minutes the squall passed over, and the boat was againpresented to his sight; she was still in the centre of the stream, aboutthree hundred yards from the shore.
the man who was in her, finding allhis attempts futile, had lain on his oar, and was kneeling in thesternsheets, apparently in supplication.
newton could not resist theappeal; it appeared to point out to him that he was summoned to answerthe call made upon providence.
the boat was now a quarter of a milefurther down the river than where he stood, and about three miles fromthe town and shipping, both of which were no longer discernible from thethickness of the weather.
newton threw off his coat, and plunging intothe agitated water, the cold of which nearly checked his respiration,swam off into the stream in a direction so as to allow himself to fetchto windward of the boat.
he was soon carried down to it by the rapidityof the tide, and, as he approached, he shouted to announce his presence.
the man in the boat started up at the sound of a human voice, andperceiving newton close to the bows, leant over and extended his handtowards him.
newton seized hold of it, and then was whirled round by thetide fore and aft with the side of the boat, with such violence asnearly to drag the other man out, and half fill the boat with water.
itwas with great difficulty, although assisted by the occupant, thatnewton contrived at last to get in; when, exhausted with the efforts hehad made, he remained a few seconds without motion; the man, whom he hadthus risked his life to save, perceiving his condition, and not speakingto him.
"we have no time to lose," said newton, at last: "take an oar, and letus pull in for the shore.
if once we are swept down to the narrows therewill be little chance for us."
the other complied, without speaking; and, after a few minutes'exertion, the boat was safely landed on the liverpool side of the river.
"the lord be praised!"
ejaculated newton's companion, as he laid on hisoar.
"i did not call upon _him_ in vain; your accident has been themeans of my preservation."
"how do you mean?"
"why, did you not fall overboard?"
replied the other.
newton then explained to his companion what we have already related tothe reader, ending his narrative with the observation, that when heperceived him praying for assistance in his peril, he could not resistthe appeal.
"god will reward you, young man," continued he: "and now i will explainto you how it was that i was adrift, like a bear in a washing-tub.
myfirst mate was below.
i had just relieved the deck, for in this blowingweather we must keep watch in harbour.
the men were all at their dinner,when i heard the boat thumping under the main channels.
i got into herto ease off a fathom or two of the painter; but as i hauled her ahead toget at the bend, it appears that the monkey of a boy who made her fast,and has been but a few months at sea, had made a '_slippery hitch_,' soaway it went, and i was adrift.
i hailed them on board; but they did nothear me, although the first mate might have, for he was in the cabin, andthe stern-window was up; but hailing to windward is hard work, such weatheras this; the words are blown back again down your own throat.
and now,let me know a little about you, my lad, and see whether i cannot in returnbe of some use to you."
newton's history was soon told; and, at the conclusion, he had thesatisfaction of finding that he had obtained the very situation which hehad been in search of.
"i have no second mate on board," observed the captain of the brig; "buti intended to have shipped one tomorrow.
i was only divided betweenwhich to take of two who have offered themselves, with equally goodrecommendations.
fortunately, i would promise neither; and, as i thinkyour own recommendation stronger than theirs, the berth is at yourservice.
i only wish, for your sake, that it was that of first mate.
iam sure you would prove yourself fit for the situation; and i cannot saythat i am very partial to the one that i have at present; but he is arelation of the owner."
the arrangements were soon made.
mr berecroft, the master of the vessel,advanced newton a sum to fit himself out, and agreed with the owner atliverpool that one-half of newton's wages should be allotted monthly tohis father.
the next morning, as the vessel had a pilot on board, andthe weather had moderated, newton took leave of his father, and with alight heart accompanied his new acquaintance on board of the vessel.
it was early in the morning when they embarked in a hired boat,--the onebelonging to the brig still remaining down the river, where they hadlanded.
the first mate, as it appeared, was in the cabin shavinghimself, previous to his going on shore to the owner to report thesupposed loss of his superior.
the sailors were either busy or downbelow, so that no notice was taken of the boat coming alongside; andnewton, with the master, were both on deck before the circumstance wasknown to the first mate.
it so happened, that at the very same momentthat they came on board, the first mate was ascending the companionhatch, to order a boat to be lowered down and manned.
when he perceivedmr berecroft, he fell back with astonishment, and turned pale.
"i thought you were gone," said he: "why, what could have saved you?
didyou not drift out to sea?"
"it appears, then, mr jackson, that you knew that i was adrift," repliedthe master, seriously, looking him steadfastly in the face.
"that is,"--replied the mate, confused--"i thought--of course, seeingthe boat was not alongside--that you had drifted away in her: how ithappened--of course, i know not."
"i should trust, for your conscience' sake, mr jackson, that you didnot; however, here i am again, as you see, by the blessing ofprovidence, and the exertions of this young man, whom i must introduceto you as our second mate."
jackson cast an angry glance at newton upon the conclusion of thisspeech.
the master had truly observed that it was strange the first matedid not hear him when he had hailed the brig for assistance.
the factwas, that jackson had both heard him and seen him; but he was a wretchdevoid of all feeling, who consulted nothing except his own interest.
hehad made sure that the master would be carried out to sea, there toperish by a most miserable death, and that he would succeed in commandof the vessel.
he was then going on shore to report the supposed"_falling overboard_" of the master: which, as the brig was to sail assoon as the weather moderated, would have secured to him the command,and, at the same time, have put an end to the search which (should he havereported the truth) would immediately have taken place for the boat inwhich the master had been adrift.
foiled in his hopes, by the courage ofnewton, jackson had already formed towards him a deadly hatred anddetermination of revenge.
that evening the wind abated, and the vessel sailed.
the ensuingmorning she was clear of the sands, and a pilot-vessel off holyheadhaving received the pilot, she steered down the irish channel to join aconvoy for the west indies, collecting at falmouth.
mr berecroft, the master of the vessel, who has not hitherto beendescribed, was a spare, light-built person, of about sixty years of age,still active, and a thorough seaman.
he had crossed the ocean forforty-five years, and his occasional narratives, as he walked the deck,or sat over his evening glass of grog, proved that his life must havebeen one of no ordinary variety and interest.
he was serious andrationally devout.
he checked all swearing from the men under hiscommand, and rebuked it, although he could not prevent it, in the firstmate; who, to annoy him, seldom made his appearance on deck withoutmaking use of some execration or another.
it was mr berecroft's customto call down the seamen into his cabin every evening, and read to them ashort prayer; and, although this unusual ceremony often caused a leer insome of the newly-entered men, and was not only unattended but ridiculedby jackson, still the whole conduct of berecroft was so completely inunison, that even the most idle and thoughtless acknowledged that he wasa good man, and quitted the ship with regret.
such was mr berecroft; andwe have little further to add, except that he was very superior to thegenerality of masters of merchant vessels.
his family, it was reported,were strict quakers.
jackson, the first mate, was a bull-headed, sandy-haired northumbrian;as we before stated, a relation of the owner's, or he never would havebeen permitted to remain in the ship.
the reader has already had someinsight into his diabolical character.
it will be sufficient to add,that he was coarse and blustering in his manners; that he never forgotand never forgave an injury; gratitude was not in his composition; and,to gratify his revenge, he would stop at nothing.
on the third day, the brig, which was named the _eliza and jane_, afterthe two daughters of the owner, arrived at falmouth, where she anchoredin the outer roads, in company with thirty or forty more, who hadassembled at the appointed rendezvous.
on the second day after theirarrival, a fifty-gun ship, frigate, and two corvettes, made theirappearance off the mouth of the harbour; and after a due proportion ofguns, some shotted and some not, the whole convoy were under weigh, andhove-to round their protectors.
the first step taken by the latter wasto disembarrass their _protégés_ of one-third of their crews, leavingthem as defenceless as possible, that they might not confide in theirown strength, but put their whole trust in the men-of-war, and keep asclose to them as possible.
having taken out every unprotected man, theydistributed convoy signals in lieu, and half a dozen more guns announcedthat they were to make sail--an order immediately complied with: themerchant vessels, loaded with canvas below and aloft, while themen-of-war, with their topsails on the caps, sailed round and roundthem, firing shot at every unfortunate vessel which was not able to sailas well as the rest.
the convoy left falmouth, seventy-five in number but in a few days therewere but forty in sight.
those who remained behind either made theirvoyage how they could, or were taken by the enemy's privateers, whofollowed in the wake of the convoy.
some few were carried into thefrench ports; and the underwriters of the policy ate but little dinneron the day which brought the intelligence of their capture.
others wereretaken by the english blockading squadrons, who received thenone-eighth for salvage.
at last the men-of-war were fairly running downthe traders, with about twenty-five of the best sailers in company: andthe commodore deemed it advisable to take particular care of the fewwhich remained, lest he should be _"hauled over the coals_" by theadmiralty.
nothing worth comment occurred during the remainder of thepassage.
they all arrived safe at barbadoes, when the commodore broughtin his returns to the admiral, and complained bitterly of the obstinacyof the masters of merchant vessels, who would part company with him, indefiance of all his injunctions, and in spite of all the powder which hefired away to enforce his signals.
there certainly was a faultsomewhere.
during the passage, which lasted seven weeks, newton had ampleopportunity of ascertaining his situation.
the master invariably treatedhim with kindness and consideration; and before the voyage wascompleted, he treated him as if he were his own son.
jackson lost noopportunity of annoying or insulting him; but the support of his patronindemnified newton for the conduct of the first mate, and he resolved totake no notice of that which could not well be prevented.
on theirarrival at barbadoes, mr berecroft went on shore to the house of theconsignee; and then it was that the malignity of jackson broke out inall its violence.
the brig had discharged her cargo, and was lying in carlisle bay,waiting for the sugars which were to be shipped for liverpool.
onemorning, when newton, who for some time had submitted to the tyranny ofjackson without complaint, was standing at the main hatchway, givingdirections to the men below, who were arranging the dunnage at thebottom of the vessel, the first mate came on deck, and watching hisopportunity, staggered, with a rope in his hand, against newton, as ifby accident, so as to throw him over the coombings.
newton, who wouldhave immediately fallen to the bottom of the hold upon the ballast atthe risk of his life, suddenly seized hold of the first mate, not insufficient time to recover his own balance, but so firmly as to dragjackson with him; and down they were both precipitated together.
thefirst mate, having hold of one of the ropes leading down the mainmast,clung fast to save himself, and in so doing also broke the fall ofnewton; but the weight of their bodies dragged the rope throughjackson's hands, which were lacerated to the bone.
neither party wasmuch hurt by the fall; so that the treachery of jackson recoiled uponhimself.
after this specimen of animosity, which was duly reported tomr berecroft, on his return on board, by the seamen, who detestedjackson and anything like foul play, his protector determined thatnewton should no longer be subjected to further violence.
at the requestof mr berecroft, newton was invited to stay at the house of mr kingston,the gentleman to whom the vessel had been consigned--an offer which wasgladly accepted.
newton had not been many days on shore, when mr kingston, who had takena strong interest in him, proposed, in answer to many of his questionsrelative to the slave trade, that they should make a party to visit aplantation, the proprietor of which had been a resident since his youth,and judge for himself as to the truth of the reports so industriouslycirculated by those who were so inimical to the employment of a slavepopulation.
_oroonoko_.--these men are so, whom you would rise against.
if we are slaves, they did not make us slaves,    but bought us in the honest way of trade,    as we have done before 'em, bought and sold    many a wretch, and never thought it wrong.
they paid our price for us, and we are now    their property, a part of their estate,    to manage as they please."
at an early hour the party, consisting of mr kingston, the master of thebrig, and newton, set off upon mules for the habitation of the planter.
the sun had illumined the sky, but had not yet made his appearance,although the golden fringes upon the clouds, which floated in broadbelts in the horizon, indicated his glorious yet withering approach.
thedew moistened each leaf, or hung in glittering pendant drops upon thethorn of the prickly pears which lined the roads.
the web of thesilver-banded spider was extended between the bushes, and, saturatedwith moisture, reflected the beams of the rising orb, as the animalsdanced in the centre, to dazzle their expected prey.
the mist stillhovered on the valleys, and concealed a part of the landscape from theirview; and the occasional sound of the fall of water was mingled with thetwittering and chirping of the birds, as they flew from spray to spray.
theair was fresh, even to keenness, and anyone suddenly wafted to the scenewould little have imagined that he was under the torrid zone.
"how different this is from the ideas generally formed of the climate inthe west indies!"
"in england, we couple it withunsufferable heat and the yellow fever."
"your reports are from those who seldom leave the harbours or towns,where such indeed prevail," replied kingston.
"there is no island in thecaribbean sea where the early riser may not enjoy this delightful,bracing atmosphere.
at jamaica in particular, where they collect as muchsnow as they please in the mountains; yet, at the same time, there isnot a more fatal and unhealthy spot than port royal harbour, in the sameisland."
"is the plantation we are going to situated as high above the level ofthe sea as we are now?"
"no; most plantations are in the ravines, between the hills.
thesugar-cane requires heat.
as soon as we are on the summit of this nexthill we shall descend to it."
in half an hour they arrived at the end of their journey, when theystopped at an extensive range of low buildings, situated at the head ofthe valley, which descended to the sea,--now for the first timepresented to their view since they had quitted bridgetown.
the owner ofthe estate was at the door to receive them.
he was a tall, spare man,dressed in nankeen jacket and trousers, with a large-brimmed straw hatupon his head.
"welcome, gentlemen, welcome.
kingston, how are you?"
said he, as theystopped.
"now dismount, gentlemen; the boys will take the mules.
boyjack, where are you?
where's baby, and where's bulky?
come here, youlazy rascals, and take the mules.
now then, gentlemen, i'll show you theway.
i ordered breakfast on the table, as i saw you coming down thehill."
so saying, the old gentleman led the way through a portico.
at the sightof strangers, the windows underneath were crowded with faces of variousdegrees of colour--eyes and mouths wide open, the latter displaying rowsof teeth, so even and so brilliantly white, that they might cause asensation of envy to many an english belle.
the party were ushered into a spacious and cool apartment on theground-floor, where a table was covered with all the varieties of atropical breakfast, consisting of fried fish, curries, devilled poultry,salt meats, and everything which could tend to stimulate an enfeebledappetite.
"now, gentlemen, let me recommend you to take a white jacket; you'll bemore at your ease, and there is no ceremony here.
boy jack, where's thesangoree?
this is a fine climate, captain berecroft; all you have toattend to is--to be temperate, and not to check the perspiration."
boy jack who, _par parenthèse_, was a stout, well-looking negro, ofabout forty years of age, now made his appearance with the sangoree.
this was a beverage composed of half a bottle of brandy and two bottlesof madeira, to which were added a proportion of sugar, lime-juice, andnutmeg, with water _ad lib_.
it was contained in a glass bowl, capableof holding two gallons, standing upon a single stalk, and bearing theappearance of a brobdingnag rummer.
boy jack brought it with both hands,and placed it before his master.
"now, sir, will you drink?"
said the planter, addressing mr berecroft.
"thank you," replied mr berecroft, "i never drink so early in themorning."
why this is nothing but _swizzle_.
here's your health, sir, i'llshow you the way."
the large goblet was fixed to his lips for upwards of a minute: at lastthey unwillingly separated, and the old planter recovered hisrespiration with a deep sigh.
"now then, gentlemen, do you take alittle; don't be afraid; there's nothing you mayn't do in this climate,only be temperate, and don't check the perspiration."
at this momentnewton was startled, and looked under the table.
"i thought it was a dog, but it's a little black child."
there's one out, is there?
why, boy jack, did i not tell you toshut them all in?"
"yes, sar, so i did," said the black man, looking under the table.
"eh!--it's that d--d little nigger--two-year old sambo--no possiblekeeping him in, sar.--come out, sambo."
the child crawled out to his master, and climbed up by his knee: the oldplanter patted his woolly head, and gave him a piece of grilled turkey,with which he immediately dived again under the table.
"the fact is, captain, they are accustomed to come in at breakfast-time;they are only shut out to-day because i have company.
that door behindme leads into the nursery-yard."
"yes, i'll show it you by-and-bye; there's plenty of them there."
"oh, pray let us have them in--i wish to see them, and should be sorryto be the cause of their being disappointed."
"open the door, boy jack."
as soon as it was open, about twenty blackchildren, from seven to three years old, most of them naked, with theirivory skins like a polished table, and quite pot-bellied from goodliving, tumbled into the room, to the great amusement of newton and theparty.
they were followed by seven or eight more, who were not yet oldenough to walk; but they crawled upon all-fours almost as fast as theothers who could walk erect after the image of their maker.
the company amused themselves with distributing to the children thecontents of the dishes on the table--the elder ones nestling alongsideof the planter and his friends with the greatest familiarity, while theyounger sat upright on the floor, laughing as they devoured theirrespective portions.
"of course, these are all slaves?"
observed mr berecroft.
"yes, bred them all myself," replied the planter; "indeed, out of twohundred and fifteen which i have on the estate, i think that there arenot more that twelve who were not born on this property, during myfather's time or mine.
perhaps, as breakfast is over, you will like toinspect my nursery."
the planter led the way into the yard from which the children hadentered.
it was a square, of about two roods of ground, three sides ofwhich were enclosed by rows of small houses, of two rooms each; and mostof them were occupied by female slaves, either nursing children at thebreast, or expecting very soon to have that duty to perform.
they receivedtheir master with a smiling face, as he addressed a question to each ofthem when he entered their abode.
"now these are all my _breeding_ women; they do no work, only take careof the children, who remain here until they are eight or nine years old.
we have a surgeon on the estate, who attends them as well as the otherslaves when they are sick.
now, if you feel inclined, we will go roundthe works."
the old planter, in a few minutes' walk, brought them to an extensiverow of detached cottages, each centred in a piece of garden-ground, wellstocked with yams, sweet potatoes, bananas, and other tropicalproductions.
poultry of all descriptions were scattered in profusionabout the place, and pigs appeared to be abundant.
"now, captain, these are the cottages of the working slaves.
thegarden-ground is allowed to them; and whatever they can make by itsproduce, or by their pigs and their poultry, is all their own."
"but how are they subsisted?"
"by rations, as regularly served out as yours are on board of yourvessel, and they have as much as they can consume."
"are they all single men?"
"no, mostly married to slave girls on the estate: their wives live withthem, unless they breed, and then they are removed up to the nurseries."
"and what work do you exact from them?"
"eight hours a day--except in crop-time, and then we are very busy; sothat they have plenty of leisure to look after their own interests ifthey choose."
"do they ever lay up much money?"
"very often enough to purchase their freedom, if they wished it."
"if they wished it!"
replied mr berecroft with surprise.
"yes; without explanation, that may appear strange to you, and stillmore strange, the fact, that freedom offered has often been refused.
aman who is a clever workman as a carpenter, or any other trade, willpurchase his freedom if he can, because artisans can obtain very highwages here; but a slave who, if i may use the term, is only a commonlabourer, would hardly support himself, and lay by nothing for his old age.
they are aware of it.
i have offered emancipation to one or two who havegrown old, and they have refused it, and now remain as heirlooms on theestate, provided with everything, and doing little or no work, if theyplease.
you saw that old man sweeping under the portico?
well, he does thatevery day; and it is all he has done for these five years.
now, if youplease, we will go through the plantations, and visit the sugar-mills."
they passed the slaves, who were at work hoeing between the canes; andcertainly, if an estimate of their condition was to be taken by thenoise and laughter with which they beguiled their labour, they were farfrom demanding pity.
"but, i must confess, that there is something in that cart-whip which ido not like," observed newton.
"i grant it; but custom is not easily broken through; nor do we know anysubstitute.
it is the badge of authority, and the noise of it isrequisite to summon them to their labour.
with me it is seldom used, forit is not required; and if you were captain of a man-of-war, i shouldanswer you as i did captain c----; to wit--i question much whether mynoisy whip is half so mischievous as your silent _cat_."
the sugar-mills, stables of mules, boilers, coolers, &c., were allexamined, and the party returned to the plantation-house.
"well, captain, now you have witnessed what is termed slavery, what isyour opinion?
are your philanthropists justified in their invectivesagainst us?"
"first assure me that all other plantations are as well regulated asyour own," replied mr berecroft.
"if not, they soon will be: it is to the interest of all the plantersthat they should; and by that, like all the rest of the world, they willbe guided."
"but still there have been great acts of cruelty committed; quite enoughto prepossess us against you as a body."
"i grant that such has been the case, and may occasionally be so now;but do not the newspapers of england teem with acts of barbarity?
menare the same everywhere.
but, sir, it is the misfortune of this world,that we never know _when to stop_.
the abolition of the slave-trade wasan act of humanity, worthy of a country acting upon an extended scalelike england; but your philanthropists, not content with relieving theblacks, look forward to the extermination of their own countrymen, thewhites--who, upon the faith and promise of the nation, were induced toembark their capital in these islands."
"doubtless they wish to abolish slavery altogether," replied berecroft.
"they must be content with having abolished the horrors of it, sir,"continued the planter.
"at a time when the mart was open, and you couldpurchase another slave to replace the one that had died fromill-treatment, or disease, the life of a slave was not of suchimportance to his proprietor as it is now.
moreover, the slaves importedwere adults, who had been once free; and, torn as they were from theirnatural soil and homes, where they slept in idleness throughout the day,they were naturally morose and obstinate, sulky, and unwilling to work.
this occasioned severe punishment; and the hearts of their masters beingindurated by habit, it often led to acts of barbarity.
but slavery,since the abolition, has assumed a milder form--it is a species of_bond_ slavery.
there are few slaves in existence who have notbeen born upon the estates, and we consider that they are morelawfully ours."
"will you explain what you mean by _more lawfully_?"
"i mean, captain (for instance), that the father of that boy (pointingto one of the negro lads who waited at breakfast) was my slave; that heworked for me until he was an old man, and then i supported him for manyyears until he died.
i mean, that i took care of this boy's mother, who,as she bore children, never did any work after her marriage, and hassince been only an expense to me, and probably will continue to be sofor some years.
i mean, that that boy was taken care of, and fed by meuntil he was ten years old, without my receiving any return for theexpense which i incurred; and i therefore consider that he is indebtedto me as a bond-slave, and that i am entitled to his services; and he,in like manner, when he grows too old to work, will become a pensioner,as his father was before him."
"i perceive the drift of your argument; you do not defend slaverygenerally."
"no; i consider a man born free, and made a slave, is justified inresorting to any means to deliver himself; but a slave that i havereared is lawfully a slave, and bound to remain so, unless he can repayme the expense i have incurred.
but dinner is ready, captain; if youwish to argue the matter further, it must be over a bottle of claret."
the dinner was well dressed, and the madeira and claret (the only winesproduced) of the best quality.
their host did the honours of his tablewith true west indian hospitality, circulating the bottle after dinnerwith a rapidity which would soon have produced an effect upon lessprudent visitors; and when mr berecroft refused to take any more wine,he ordered the ingredients for arrack punch.
"now, mr forster, you must take a tumbler of this, and i think thatyou'll pronounce it excellent."
"indeed!------" replied newton.
"nay, i will take no denial; don't be afraid; you may do anything youplease in this climate, only be temperate, and don't check theperspiration."
"well, but," observed newton, who placed the tumbler of punch beforehim.
"you promised to renew your argument after dinner; and i shouldlike to hear what you have to urge in defence of a system which i neverhave heard defended before."
"well," replied his host, upon whom the wine and punch had begun to takeeffect, "just let me fill my tumbler again to keep my lips moist, andthen i'll prove to you that slavery has existed from the earliest times,and is not at variance with the religion we profess.
that it has existedfrom the earliest times, you need only refer to the book of genesis; andthat it is not at variance with our religion, i must refer to the fourthcommandment.
how can that part of the commandment be construed, 'and thestranger that is within thy gates'?
to whom can this possibly apply butto the slave?
after directing that the labour of all the household,'man-servant and maid-servant,' should cease, it then proceeds to the oxand the ass, and the stranger that is within thy gates.
now, gentlemen,this cannot be applied to the stranger in the literal sense of the word,the hospitality of the age forbidding that labour should be required ofhim.
at that time slaves were brought from foreign lands, and were asource of traffic, as may be inferred by the readiness with which theishmaelites purchased joseph of his brethren, and resold him in egypt.
"nay, that slavery was permitted by the _almighty_ is fully proved bythe state of the jewish nation, until _he_ thought proper to bringthem out of the house of bondage.
"if, then, the laws of god provided against the ill-treatment of theslave, slavery is virtually acknowledged as not being contrary to hisdivine will.
we have a further proof, _subsequent to the mission of oursaviour_, that the apostles considered slavery as lawful."
"i remember it: you refer to paul sending back the runaway slaveonesimus.
well, i'll admit all this," replied mr berecroft, who had agreat dislike to points of scripture being canvassed after dinner; "andi wish to know what inference you would draw from it."
"that i was just coming to: i assert that my property in slaves istherefore as legally mine as my property in land or money; and that anyattempt to deprive me of either is equally a _robbery_, whether it bemade by the nation or by an individual.
but now, sir, allow me to askyou a question, show me where liberty is?--run over all the classes ofsociety, and point out one man who is free?"
mr berecroft, who perceived the effect of the arrack punch, could notrefrain from laughing, as he replied, "well, your friend mr kingston, ishe not free?"
not half so free as that slave boy who stands behind your chair.
why, he is a merchant; and whether he lives upon a scale of princelyexpenditure, whether wholesale or retail, banker, or proprietor of achandler's shop, he is a speculator.
anxious days and sleepless nightsawait upon speculation.
a man with his capital embarked, who may be abeggar on the ensuing day, cannot lie down upon roses: he is the_slave_ of mammon.
who are greater _slaves_ than sailors?
so aresoldiers, and all who hold employ under government.
so are politicians:they are _slaves_ to their tongues; for opinions once expressed, andparties once joined, at an age when reason is borne down by enthusiasm,and they are fixed for life against their conscience, and are unable tofollow its dictates without blasting their characters.
courtiers are_slaves_, you must acknowledge."
"i beg your pardon," interrupted kingston, "but i perceive that you makeno distinction between those enthralled by their own consent, and_against_ it."
"it is a distinction without a difference," replied the planter, "evenif it were so, which it is not, but in particular cases.
the fact is,society enthrals us all.
we are forced to obey laws, to regard customs,to follow the fashion of the day, to support the worthless bypoor-rates, to pay taxes, and the interest of a debt which others havecontracted, or we must go to prison."
"and the princes and rulers of the land--do you include them?"
"they are the greatest of all; for the meanest peasant has an advantageover the prince in the point on which we most desire to be free--that ofthe choice in his partner in life.
he _has none_, but must submit to thewishes of his people, and trammelled by custom, must take to his bed onewhom he cannot take to his heart."
"well, by your account, there is nobody free, unless it be _liberty_herself."
"why, sir," rejoined the planter, "to prove to you that i was correctwhen i asserted that there was no such thing in this world as liberty,paradoxical as it may appear, liberty is but liberty when in _bondage_.
release her, and she ceases to exist; she has changed her nature andcharacter; for liberty _unrestrained_ becomes _licentiousness_."
"well," said mr kingston, laughing with the rest at this curious remark,"as you have now arrived at your climax, with your leave we will go tobed."
"have i convinced you?"
demanded the planter, taking the tumbler fromhis lips.
"at least you have silenced us.
now, if you please, we will put on ourcoats and retire to our apartments."
"yes--do," replied the other, who was not very steady; "do--or you maycheck the perspiration.
boy jack, where are the lights?
the negro led the way to a large room with two beds in it, for newtonand the master of the brig.
having first pointed out to them that therewas a jug of sangoree, "suppose gentlemen thirsty," he wished themgood-night, and left the room.
"well, newton," said mr berecroft, as soon as they were alone, "what doyou think of the planter?"
"i think that, considering his constant advice to be temperate, heswallowed a very large quantity of arrack punch."
"he did indeed; but what think you of his arguments?"
"i hardly can say, except that none of them were sufficiently convincingto induce me to be a slave proprietor.
we may perhaps, as he asserts,have contented ourselves with the shadow instead of the substance; buteven the shadow of liberty is to be venerated by an englishman."
"i agree with you, my boy.
his discourse did, however, bring one ideainto my head; which is, that there is a remarkable connection betweenreligion and slavery.
it was in a state of bondage that the jews wereprepared to receive the promised land; and whenever they fell off fromthe true worship, they were punished by captivity.
it was through themeans of slavery that the light of the true faith was first brought toour island, where it has burnt with a purer flame than elsewhere; for,if you recollect, the beauty of some english children exposed for saleat rome, assisted by a latin pun, caused the introduction ofchristianity into great britain; and who knows but that this traffic, sooffensive to humanity, has been permitted by an allwise power, with theintent that some day it shall be the means of introducing christianityinto the vast regions of african idolatry?"
"true," observed newton; "and the time may not be far distant."
"that it is impossible to calculate upon.
_he_ worketh by his ownmeans, which are inscrutable.
it was not the cause of virtue, but adesire that vice might be less trammelled, which introduced thereformation in england.
the more we attempt to interfere with thearrangements of the almighty, the more we shall make evident our ownfolly and blindness, and his unsearchable and immutablewisdom.--good-night, my boy."
"_lucy_--are all these wretches slaves?
_stanley_--all sold, they and their posterity, all slaves.
_bland_--most of them know no better, but were   born so, and only change their masters."
_oroonoko_the party were up at an early hour on the ensuing morning, that theymight enjoy the delightful freshness of the air, which so soonevaporates before the scorching rays of the tropical sun.
they werejoined at breakfast by the doctor who attended the estate, and who hadcalled in to announce the birth of a little negro boy in the early partof the night.
"who did you say, doctor?"
answered the planter, "mattee sally?
why, ithought jane ascension was in advance of her."
"they were running it _neck and neck_, sir," replied the surgeon.
"how is she--quite hearty?"
"quite, sir; but very anxious about the child's name, and requests tospeak with you as soon as you have breakfasted."
"we will go to her.
you have no idea," observed the planter to mrberecroft and newton, "what importance these people attach to the namingof their children.
nothing but a fine long name will satisfy them.
ireally believe, that if i refused her, or called the boy tom, she wouldeat dirt.
i believe we have all done: boy jack, bring the sangoree.
doctor, i daresay that your clay wants moistening, so take the firstpull."
this important commencement and finale to the repast having been dulyadministered, they proceeded to the range of buildings before mentioned,in one of which they found the lady _in the straw_, sitting up, andshowing her white teeth at her master's approach, as if nothing veryparticular had occurred.
"well, mattee, how are you?"
said the planter.
"where's the piccaninny?"
"ab um here, sar--keep im warm," replied the woman, pointing to a rollof blanket, in which the little creature was enveloped.
"let us see him, mattee."
"no sar, too cold yet--bye bye, massa, see um; make very fine sleep now.
suppose white piccaninny, suppose black piccaninny--all same--likeplenty sleep.
um know very well, hab plenty work to do bye bye--sleepall dey can, when lilly."
"but you'll smother him," observed newton.
"smoder him?--what dat--eh?--i know now massa mean, stop um breath.
no:suppose him no smoder before, no smoder now, sar.
massa," continued thewoman, turning to the planter, "no ab name for piccaninny?"
"well, mattee, we must find one; these gentlemen will give him a name.
come, captain, what name do you propose?"
"suppose we christen him _snub_," replied berecroft, winking at therest.
what sart a name you call dat, sar?"
replied the woman, tossingup her head.
no, sar, you 'front me very much.
snob not propername."
"well, then, mr forster," said the planter, "try if you can be morefortunate."
"what do you think of chrononhotonthologus?"
said newton to the woman.
what dat?--say that again, sar," replied the woman.
dat real fine name for piccaninny," cried the woman, with delightin her countenance.
"many tanky, sar.
"no, no," replied newton, laughing; "chrononhotonthologus."
"es, hab um now--hoton--tolyglass."
"no, that's only part.
"i see--very fine name--proton--choton--polyglass."
"yes, that's nearer to it," replied newton.
"well, then, that point's settled," said the planter to the woman.
"isit all right, mattee?"
"es, massa; many tanks to gentleman--very fine name, do very well, sar."
"doctor, put the name down opposite the register of the birth.
now,mattee, all's right, good-bye," said the planter, leaving the room andfollowed by the others.
"do you really intend to call the child by that name?"
it pleases the woman, and is as good as any other; it is of noconsequence.
they almost all have names, certainly not quite so long asthe present; but as they grow longer, their names grow shorter.
thisname will first be abbreviated to chrony; if we find that too long, itwill be reduced again to crow; which, by-the-bye, is not a bad name fora negro," said the planter, laughing at the coincidence.
reader, did you ever, perchance, when in a farmyard, observe a hen orother domestic fowl, who having pounced upon half a potato, or somethingof the same description, too large to be bolted down at once, tries toescape with her prize, followed by all the rest, until she either dropsit or eludes their vigilance?
if so, you form some idea of a negro womanwith a hard word in her mouth; which, although she does not know themeaning of, she considers as an equal treasure.
newton had turned round to the courtyard, in the centre of which severalwomen were sitting down at various employments; when one who had beenbusied in some little offices for the woman whom they had just visited,and had in consequence been present at the choice of the name, took herseat with the party in question.
to several queries put to her shereplied with extreme hauteur, as if she considered them as impertinent,and frowned upon her companions most majestically.
after a short time she rose, and turning round, with the look of anempress, said, "now, i shall go look after my hoton-poton-pollybass."
cried one, opening her eyes with wonder.
"how you call dat long ting?"
demanded a third.
you tupid black tings," replied the proud possessor of the newword, with a look of ineffable scorn, "you no know what um callpoton-hoton-poll-fass.
me _no_ tell you," continued she, as she walkedaway, leaving the others almost _white_ with envy and astonishment.
shortly after this mr kingston with his party took their leave of thehospitable old planter, and commenced their return to bridgetown.
theyhad not proceeded further than a quarter of a mile, when, ascending alittle hill, newton discovered that a negro was assisting his own ascentby hanging on to the tail of his mule.
"how do you do this morning, sar?"
said the man, grinning, as newtonlooked round.
"i'm very well, sir, i thank you; but i'm afraid i shall not be able tokeep up with the rest, if my mule has to pull you up hill, as well ascarry me."
"es, sar, mule go faster.
massa not understand; mule very obstinate,sar.
suppose you want go one way, he go anoder--suppose you pull himback by tail, he go on more."
"well, if that's the case, you may hold on.
do you belong to theplantation?"
"no, sar, me free man.
me work there; carpenter, sar."
how did you learn your trade, and obtain your freedom?"
"larn trade board man-of-war, sar--man-of-war make me free."
mr berecroft, who had been listening to the colloquy, took up thediscourse.
"were you born in this country?"
me ashantee man."
"then how did you come here?"
"why, sar, ab very fine battle in ashantee country.
take me and send medown to coast; sell me for slave.
go on board french schooner--englishfrigate take schooner, send me to sarra leon."
"well, what did you do there?"
"bind 'prentice, sar, to massa cawly, for farteen years--all de same asslave; work very hard; yam bad; plenty fever in dat country--much betterhere."
"then how did you get away from sierra leone?"
"go to sleep one day in de bush--tieves come steal me, take me down tocoast, sell me again."
"well, where did you go then?"
"bard schooner again, sar.
another man-of-war take schooner in westindies: send her in prize.
keep me and some on board becase want hands;keep me, becase speak little english."
"how did you like a man-of-war?"
"man-of-war very fine place; but all slaves there--captain steal menevery ship he come to.
but sailor no tink so; ebery night we all sing,britong nebber, nebber, nebber, will be slave.
make me laugh, sar,"continued the man, showing his teeth with a broad grin.
"what was the frigate's name?"
"very fine name, sar, call her _daddy wise_.
"[1][footnote 1: _dedaigneuse_, we suppose.]
"how long were you on board of her?"
"far year, sar; larn carpenter trade--go to england--pay off--get plentymoney--come out here in marchant vessel; england very fine place, buttoo much cold," said the negro, shuddering at the bare recollection.
"now, tell me," said kingston, "of course you recollect being in yourown country?
which do you like best--that or this?"
"ashantee very good country--barbadoes very good country.
ashanteenebber work, hab no money--here plenty work, plenty money."
"well, but where would you rather be--here or there?"
"don't know, sar.
like to find country where no work, plenty money."
"not singular in his opinion," observed newton.
"men do all work here, sar: women only talk," continued the negro.
"mycountry, men nebber work at all--women do all work, and feed men."
"then what does the man do?"
"man, sar," replied the negro, proudly, "man go fight--go kill."
"is that all?"
"yes, sar, that all."
"so, you then mean to say, that if you could go back to ashantee now youwould remain there?"
"yes, sar, stay there--do no work--sleep all day--make women feed me."
"how inveterate is early habit!"
observed mr berecroft.
"this man,although free in a civilised country, would return to his idleness, andresume his former ignorance."
"and so would every slave not born in the country.
it requires one ortwo generations to destroy this savage nature," replied kingston.
"ibelieve, idleness, like gout, to be a hereditary disease, either inblack or white; i have often observed it in the latter.
now, until manlabours there is no chance of civilisation: and, improved as the race ofafrica have been in these islands, i still think that if manumitted,they would all starve.
in their own country nature is so bountiful thatlittle or no labour is required for the support of life; but in theseislands the soil, although luxuriant, must be nurtured."
"you do then look forward to their ultimate freedom?"
already much has been done, and if not persecuted, weshould be able and willing to do much more."
"the public mind in england is certainly much inflamed against you,"said berecroft.
"it is; or rather, i should say, the more numerous public composed ofthose persons unable to think for themselves, and in consequence, led byothers styling themselves philanthropists, but appearing to have veryjesuitical ideas with regard to truth.
this i have no hesitation inasserting, that if philanthropy had not been found to have been so very_profitable_, it never would have had so many votaries: truephilanthropy, like charity, begins at home.
observe how the papers teemwith the misery of the lower classes in england, yet this affects notthe west india philanthropist.
you perceive not their voices raised inbehalf of their suffering countrymen.
they pass the beggar in thestreet; they heed not the cry of starvation at home; but everywhereraise petitions for emancipation; or, in fact, for the destruction ofthe property of others.
that it is an invidious property, i grant, and iwish i could dispose of mine; but that is not so easy.
my ancestorsembarked their capital in these islands upon the faith and promises ofthe country, when opinions were very different from what they are now,and i cannot help myself.
however, the time will come when england willbitterly rue the having listened to the suggestions and outcries ofthese interested people."
"i do not understand you.
how do you mean?"
"i said before, that it was on the faith of the country that we embarkedour property in these islands.
you are not perhaps aware, that when, inthe reign of queen anne, the assiento treaty was made, by which weobtained the privilege of supplying all the islands with slaves, it wasconsidered as one of the most important acquisitions that could beobtained.
public opinion has now changed; but if a nation changes heropinion, she must at the same time be just.
let the country take ourestates and negroes at a fair valuation, and we shall be most happy tosurrender them.
if she frees the slaves without so doing, she is guiltyof robbery and injustice, and infringes on the constitution of thecountry, which protects all property, and will of course allow us todecide upon our own measures."
"may i inquire what those would be?"
"throwing off the yoke, declaring ourselves independent, and puttingourselves under the protection of america, who will gladly receive us,aware that we shall be a source not only of wealth but of security."
"would america risk a war to obtain these islands?"
"she would be foolish not to do so; and england would be more thanfoolish to engage in one.
it is true, that if not immediately supportedby america, england might create a scene of confusion and bloodshed inthe colonies; but the world has too often had the severe lesson, thatcolonies once detaching themselves are never to be regained.
englandwould therefore be only entailing a useless expense, however gratifyingit might be to her feelings of revenge."
"but do you think that this is likely to occur?"
"i do, most certainly, if those who govern continue to listen to theinsidious advice of the party denominated 'saints'; and i am afraid thatit will not be until these islands are separated from themother-country, that she will appreciate their value.
our resolutiononce formed, we white slaves (for slaves we are) will not flinch; andthe islands of the caribbean sea will be enrolled as another star, andadd another stripe to the independent flag, which is their naturalprotector."
"i trust that will never come to pass."
"and so do i, mr berecroft; for i am an englishman, and love mycountry, and the loss of these colonies would be a blow from whichengland would never recover."
"you forget her extensive colonies in the east."
"i do not; but the west indies add to her wealth and her commercialprosperity, to her nursery of seamen and her exhausted revenue.
they, onthe contrary, add only to her grandeur, for they cost the country threemillions a year; and i doubt whether at that expense it is worth whileto retain any colony, however vast and extensive it may be.
i consider,that if the east india ports were open to all the world, and theterritory governed by its former princes, england, with all thecompetition which would take place, would yet be a gainer; and, on theother hand, i know that by the loss of these islands, she would find adecrease of millions in her revenue."
"then the philanthropists must pay the national debt?"
"they be d----d!"
replied kingston, who was warm with his argument; "theywould not pay a farthing."
"the sea-breach'd vessel can no longer bear  the floods that o'er her burst in dread career.
the labouring hull already seems half fill'd  with water, through an hundred leaks distill'd:  thus drench'd by every wave, her riven deck,  stript and defenceless, floats a naked wreck."
newton remained at bridgetown, under the roof of mr kingston, for morethan three weeks, by which time the brig was laden, and waiting forconvoy to proceed to england.
mr berecroft had made every preparation for his voyage, when anunexpected circumstance occurred, which eventually proved the occasionof great hardship and danger to newton.
this was, the master of a largeship belonging to the same owners, and then lying in carlisle bay, toproceed homeward by the same convoy, had so ingratiated himself with awealthy widow residing upon the island, that rather than he should againtrust himself to the fickle element, she had been induced to surrenderup to him her plantation, her negroes, and her fair self,--all equallybound to honour and obey through their future lives.
mr berecroft, in consequence of this resignation of his brother captain,was appointed to the command of the larger vessel; and jackson, thefirst mate, ordered to take the command of the _eliza and jane_.
thiswas a sad blow to newton, and one which he could not avoid, as mrberecroft could not take him in his new ship,--all the subordinatesituations being already filled up.
at first, he was inclined to quit the brig; but by the advice of mrberecroft and kingston, he was persuaded to go the passage home, as hewas now first mate of the vessel, and would incur forfeiture of allwages if he broke the articles which he had signed at liverpool.
unpleasant as the prospect was, he was further induced by berecroft'sassurance, that now jackson was provided for, he would arrange with theowners that newton should be appointed the first mate of his own ship,as soon as they arrived in england.
in a few days the men-of-war made their appearance.
newton, who hadremained on shore until the last moment, shook hands with his friendlypatron, and thanking mr kingston for his kindness, went on board of thevessel with a sorrowful and foreboding heart.
nor was he at all inclined to cheer up as he stepped on the deck of thebrig, and beheld jackson with a handspike, still brandishing over hishead, standing across the body of one of the seamen, whom he had justdashed to the deck with the implement in his hand.
at the sight ofnewton, the wrath of the new captain appeared to be increased.
he eyedhim malevolently, and then observed, with a sneer, "that's what allskulkers may expect on board of my vessel."
newton made no answer, and jackson went forward, where the remainder ofthe crew were heaving up the anchor with the windlass.
newton walked upto the seaman, who appeared still insensible, and examined him.
the ironplate at the end of the handspike had cut deep into the skull, and therewas every appearance of a contusion of the brain.
calling the boy who attended the cabin, newton, with his assistance,carried the man below, and laid him in his berth.
he then repaired ondeck, and took the helm, the anchor of the brig being atrip.
in aquarter of an hour the sail was on her, and she followed the coursesteered by the men-of-war, who were about to run through the otherislands, and pick up several vessels, who were waiting for theirprotection.
"if you expect an easy berth as first mate, you are mistaken, my joker,"said jackson to newton, as he steered the vessel; "you've skulked longenough, and shall now work double tides, or take the consequence.
if youdon't, i'll be d----d!"
"i shall do my duty, mr jackson," replied newton, "and fear noconsequences."
you saw how i settled a skulk just now;--beware of his fate!"
"i neither anticipate it, nor fear it, mr jackson.
if it comes tohandspikes, two can play at that game.
i rather think that before manyhours are over you will be sorry for your violence, for i believe thatman to be in considerable danger.
even now, i should recommend you todemand surgical assistance from the frigate."
"demand it, if you dare--i am captain of this ship, sir.
the rascal maydie--and be d----d!"
to this disgusting speech newton made no reply.
he had made up his mindto put up with everything short of downright aggression, and for threedays more he obeyed all orders, however arbitrary and however annoying.
during this period the man who had been injured became gradually worse:his illness increased rapidly; and on the fifth day he becamedelirious, and in a state of high fever, when newton again pointed outthe propriety of asking surgical aid from one of the men-of-war.
thissuggestion was answered by jackson, who was now really alarmed, with avolley of oaths and execrations, ending with a flat refusal.
the crew ofthe brig murmured, and collected together forward, looking occasionallyat the men-of-war as they spoke in whispers to each other; but they wereafraid of jackson's violence, and none ventured to speak out.
jacksonpaced the deck in a state of irritation and excitement as he listened tothe ravings of his victim, which were loud enough to be heard all overthe vessel.
as the evening closed, the men, taking the opportunity ofjackson's going below, went up to newton, who was walking aft, andstated their determination that the next morning, whether the masterconsented to it or not, they would hail the frigate, and demand surgicalassistance for their shipmate.
in the midst of the colloquy, jackson,who hearing the noise of the people overhead coming aft, had a suspicionof the cause, and had been listening at the bottom of the ladder to whatwas said, came up the hatchway, and accusing newton of attempting toraise a mutiny, ordered him immediately to his cabin, stating hisintention of sending him on board of the frigate the next morning to beplaced in confinement.
"i shall obey your order," replied newton, "as you are in command ofthis vessel.
i only hope that you will adhere to your resolution ofcommunicating with the frigate."
so saying, he descended the companionhatch.
but jackson, who, both from the information of the cabin-boy, and thefact that the incoherent ravings of his victim became hourly morefeeble, thought himself in jeopardy, had no such intention.
as the nightclosed in, he remained on deck, gradually taking off first one sail andthen another, until the brig was left far astern of the rest of theconvoy, and the next morning there was no other vessel in sight; then,on pretence of rejoining them, he made all sail, at the same timechanging his course, so as to pass between two of the islands.
newtonwas the only one on board who understood navigation besides jackson, andtherefore the only one who could prove that he was escaping from theconvoy.
he was in confinement below; and the men, whatever may have beentheir suspicions, could not prove that they were not steering as theyought.
about twelve o'clock on that day the poor sailor breathed his last.
jackson, who was prepared for the event, had already made up his mindhow to proceed.
the men murmured, and proposed securing jackson as aprisoner, and offering the command to newton.
they went below and madethe proposal to him; but he refused, observing, that until it was provedby the laws of the land that jackson had murdered their shipmate, he wasnot guilty, and therefore they had no right to dispossess him of hiscommand; and until their evidence could be taken by some of theauthorities, he must remain; further pointing out to them, that as hecould be seized immediately upon his arrival at an english port, orfalling in with a man-of-war during their passage, the ends of justicewould be equally answered, as if they committed themselves by taking thelaw into their own hands.
the men, although not satisfied, acquiesced, and returned to their dutyon deck.
jackson's conduct towards them was now quite altered; he notonly treated them with lenity, but supplied them with extra liquor andother indulgences, which, as captain, he could command.
newton, however,he still detained under an arrest, watching him most carefully each timethat he was necessitated to come on deck.
the fact was, jackson, awarethat his life would be forfeited to the laws of his country, hadresolved to wreck the brig upon one of the reefs to the northward, thentake to his boats, and escape to one of the french islands.
at hisinstigation, the body of the man had been thrown overboard by some ofthe crew, when they were in a state of half intoxication.
newton, who had been below four days, had retired as usual to hishammock, when a sudden shock, accompanied by the fall of the masts bythe board, woke him from a sound sleep to all the horrors of shipwreck.
the water pouring rapidly through the sides of the vessel, proved to himthat there was no chance of escape except by the boats.
the shriek, soawful when raised in the gloom of night by seamen anticipating immediatedeath, the hurried footsteps above him, the confusion of many voices, withthe heavy blows from the waves against the side of the vessel, told himthat the danger was imminent, even if escape were possible.
he drew on histrousers, and rushed to the door of his cabin.
what washis surprise, his horror, to find that it was fastened outside.
a moment'sthought at the malignity of the wretch (for it was indeed jackson, who,during the night, had taken such steps for his destruction) was followed byexertions to escape.
placing his shoulders against his sea-chest, andhis feet against the door, his body in nearly a horizontal position, hemade a violent effort to break open the door.
the lock gave way, but thedoor did not open more than one or two inches; for jackson, to makesure, had coiled down against it a hawser which lay a few yards furtherforward in the steerage, the weight of which the strength of no five mencould remove.
maddened with the idea of perishing by such treachery,newton again exerted his frantic efforts--again and again, withoutsuccess.
between each pause, the voices of the seamen asking for theoars and other articles belonging to the long-boat, proved to him thatevery moment of delay was _a nail in his coffin_.
again and again werehis efforts repeated with almost superhuman strength; but the doorremained fixed as ever.
at last, it occurred to him that the hawser,which he had previously ascertained by passing his hand through thesmall aperture which he had made, might only lay against the lower partof the door, and that the upper part might be free.
he applied hisstrength above, and found the door to yield: by repeated attempts he atlast succeeded in kicking the upper panels to pieces, and having forcedhis body through the aperture, newton rushed on deck with the littlestrength he had remaining.
the men--the boat--were not there: he hailed, but they heard him not; hestrained his eyes--but they had disappeared in the gloom of the night;and newton, overcome with exhaustion and disappointment, fell downsenseless on the deck.
"_paladore_--i have heard,  have read bold fables of enormity,  devised to make men wonder, and confirm  the abhorrence of our nature; but this hardness  transcends all fiction."
"_law of lombardy_."
we must now relate what had occurred on deck during the struggle ofnewton to escape from his prison.
at one o'clock jackson had calculatedthat in an hour, or less, the brig would strike on the reef.
he took thehelm from the man who was steering, and told him that he might go below.
previous to this, he had been silently occupied in coiling the hawserbefore the door of newton's cabin, it being his intention to desert thebrig, with the seamen, in the long-boat, and leave newton to perish.
when the brig dashed upon the reef, which she did with great violence,and the crew hurried upon deck, jackson, who was calm, immediatelyproceeded to give the orders which he had already arranged in his mind;and the coolness with which they were given quieted the alarm of theseamen, and allowed them time to recall their scattered senses.
this,however, proved unfortunate for jackson.
had they all hurried in theboat at once, and shoved off, he would in all probability have beenpermitted to go with them, and newton, in the hurry of theirself-preservation, would have been forgotten; but his cool behaviourrestored their confidence, and, unhappily for him, gave the seamen timeto reflect.
everyone was in the boat; for jackson had quietly preparedand put into her what he considered requisite, when one of the mencalled out for newton.
"d----n newton now!--save your own lives, my lads.
quick in the boat, allof you."
"not without mr newton!"
cried the men, unanimously.
"jump down, tomwilliams, and see where he is; he must sleep devilish sound."
the sailor sprung down the companion-hatch, where he found the hawsercoiled against the door, and heard newton struggling inside.
he hastened on deck, and told his companions; adding, that "itwould take half an hour to get the poor fellow out, and that's longerthan we dare stay, for in ten minutes the brig will be to pieces."
"it is you, you murdering rascal, who did it!"
cried the man to jackson.
"i tell you what, my lads, if poor mr newton is to die, let thisscoundrel keep him company."
a general shout proclaimed the acquiescence of the other seamen in thisact of retributive justice.
jackson, with a loud oath, attempted tospring into the boat, but was repelled by the seamen; again he made theattempt, with dreadful imprecations.
he was on the plane-sheer of thebrig, and about to make a spring, when a blow from a handspike (the samehandspike with which he had murdered the unfortunate seaman) struck himsenseless, and he fell back into the lee-scuppers.
the boat then shovedoff, and had not gained more than two cables' lengths from the vessel,when newton effected his escape, and ran on deck, as narrated in ourlast chapter.
the brig had now beat up so high on the reef that she remained firmlyfixed upon it; and the tide having ebbed considerably, she was lessexposed to the beating of the waves.
the sun was also about to make hisappearance, and it was broad daylight when jackson first came to hisrecollection.
his brain whirled, his ideas were confused, and he hadbut a faint reminiscence of what had occurred.
he felt that the waterwashed his feet, and with a sort of instinct he rose, and staggered upto windward.
in so doing, without perceiving him, he stumbled over thebody of newton, who also was roused up by the shock.
a few momentspassed before either could regain his scattered senses; and, at the sametime, both sitting up on the deck, at about a yard distant, theydiscovered and recognised each other.
newton was the more collected of the two, for jackson's insensibilityhad been occasioned by bodily--his, by mental concussion.
the effect of theblow was still felt by jackson; and although recovered from the stupor, adull, heavy sensation affected his eyesight, and confused his ideas.
the sight of newton went far to recover jackson, who started up as if tograpple with the object of his hatred.
newton was on his legs at thesame moment, and retreating, seized upon the handspike, which lay on thedeck, close to where jackson had been struck down, and placed himself inan attitude of defence.
not a word was exchanged between them.
theyremained a few seconds in this position, when jackson, whose brain wasagain affected by the violence of his feelings, dropped down upon thedeck in a renewed state of insensibility.
newton had now time to look about him; and the prospect was anything butcheering.
it was almost low water; and in every direction he perceivedreefs of coral rock, and large banks of sand, with deep channels betweenthem, through which the tide flowed rapidly.
the reef upon which thebrig had been grounded was of sharp coral; and, in the deeper parts, thetrees could be discerned, extending a submarine forest of boughs; but itwas evident that the reef upon which the vessel lay was, as well as mostof the others, covered at high water.
as a means of escape, a small boatwas still hanging over the stern, which newton was able to manage eitherwith her sails or her oars, as might be required.
as there was no time to be lost, and the only chance of escape remainedwith the boat, newton commenced his arrangements.
the mast and sailswere found, and the latter bent;--a keg was filled with water,--acompass taken out of the binnacle,--a few pieces of beef, and somebread, collected in a bag and thrown in.
he also procured some bottlesof wine and cider from the cabin: these he stowed away carefully in thelittle locker, which was fitted under the stern-sheets of the boat.
inan hour everything was ready; and throwing into her some pieces of sparerope, and a small grapnel to anchor with, there being still sufficientwater alongside to float her, newton gradually lowered one tackle andthen another, until the boat was safe in the water.
he then hauled herup alongside, made her fast by the painter, and stepped her mast.
all was now ready--but to leave jackson to be washed away by thereturning tide, when the brig would unquestionably go to pieces!--newtoncould not do it.
true, he had sought his life, and still displayed themost inveterate rancour towards him; and newton felt convinced that nofuture opportunity would occur that his enemy would not profit by, toinsure his destruction.
yet to leave him--a murderer!--with all his sinsupon his soul, to be launched so unprepared into the presence of anoffended creator!--it was impossible--it was contrary to his nature andto the religion which he professed.
how could he hope for the divineassistance in his perilous undertaking, when he embarked on it, regardlessof the precept to forgive his enemy?
newton ascended to that part of the deck where jackson lay, and rousedhim.
jackson awoke, as if from a deep sleep, and then stared at newton,who, as a precaution, held the handspike in his hand.
"mr jackson," said newton, "i have roused you to let you know that theboat is now ready, and that i am going to shove off."
jackson, who recollected the scene of the previous night, and perceivednewton standing over him with the hand-spike, appeared wholly unnerved.
inpoint of muscular power newton was his superior, independent of the weaponin his possession.
"not without me!--not without me!"
cried jackson, raising himself uponhis knees.
"for mercy's sake, mr newton, do not leave me to this horriddeath!"
"you would have left me to one even more dreadful," replied newton.
"i beg your pardon!--pardon me, mr newton, i was drunk at thetime--indeed i was.
i don't know what i do when i'm in liquor.--don'tleave me!--i'll obey your orders, and do anything you wish!--i'll waitupon you as your servant!--i will, indeed, mr newton!"
"i neither ask that you will obey my orders, nor wait upon me," repliednewton.
"all i request is, that you will lay aside your wantonanimosity, and exert yourself to save your life.
for what you havealready attempted against me, may god forgive you, as i do!
for what youmay hereafter attempt, you will find me prepared.
now follow me into theboat."
without further exchange of words newton, followed by jackson, went intothe boat, and shoved off.
the weather was moderate and the wind light.
there were two islets which newton had marked, which apparently were notcovered at high water, one about ten miles distant in the supposeddirection of the land, for newton had shrewdly guessed the locality ofthe reef; and the other about two miles from the first, further out,with trees growing to the water's edge.
to this latter newton proposedpulling, and waiting there until the next morning.
when they were bothin the boat, newton finding that the wind was contrary, unshipped themast, and taking the foremost oar, that jackson might not sit behindhim, desired him to take the other.
the tide, which was now flood, andswept out to the southward, obliged them to pull at an angle to reachtheir intended destination.
it was not until sunset that, with greatexertion, they fetched the island nearest to the land, not the one thatwas covered with trees, as they had intended.
as soon as the boat wassecured, exhausted with fatigue, they both threw themselves down on thesand, where they remained for some time.
having recovered a little,newton procured from the boat some of the supplies which they required,and after satisfying their hunger in silence, they both lay down torepose.
newton, who was still afraid of jackson's diabolical enmity,which his silence implied to be again at work, closed his eyes, andpretended for some time to be asleep.
as soon as it was dark, he rose,and first listening to the breathing of his comrade, who appeared to bein a sound slumber, he walked away from him about one hundred yards, sothat it would be difficult to find him; he placed the handspike underhis head for a pillow, and worn out with mental and bodily fatigue, wassoon in a state of oblivion.
his sleep, although profound for three or four hours, was subsequentlyrestless.
the mind, when agitated, watches for the body, and wakes it atthe time when it should be on the alert.
newton woke up: it was not yetdaylight, and all was hushed.
he turned round, intending to get upimmediately; yet, yielding to the impulse of wearied nature, he againslumbered.
once he thought that he heard a footstep, roused himself, andlistened; but all was quiet and still, except the light wave rippling onthe sand.
again he was roused by a sort of grating noise; he listened,and all was quiet.
a third time he was roused by a sound like theflapping of a sail: he listened--he was sure of it, and he sprang uponhis feet.
it was dawn of day, and as he turned his eyes towards thebeach, he perceived to his horror that the boat was indeed under sail,jackson, who was in it, then just hauling aft the main-sheet, andsteering away from the island.
newton ran to the beach, plunged into thesea, and attempted to regain the boat; but he was soon out of his depth,and the boat running away fast through the water.
he shouted to jacksonas a last attempt.
the scoundrel waved his hand in ironical adieu, andcontinued his course.
mentally exclaimed newton, as his eyes followedthe boat.
"was it for this that i preserved your life, in return foryour attempts on mine?
here, then, must i die of starvation!--god's willbe done!"
exclaimed he aloud, as he sat down on the beach, and coveredhis face with his hands.
"for now i stand as one upon a rock,  environed with a wilderness of sea,  who marks the waxing tide grow wave by wave,  expecting ever when some envious surge  will in his brinish bowels swallow him."
the tide was on the ebb when newton was left in this desolate situation.
after some minutes passed in bitterness of spirit, his natural couragereturned; and, although the chance of preservation was next to hopeless,newton rose up, resolved that he would use his best efforts, and trustto providence for their success.
his first idea was to examine thebeach, and see if jackson had left him any portion of the provisionswhich he had put into the boat; but there was nothing.
he then walkedalong the beach, following the receding tide, with the hope ofcollecting any shell-fish which might be left upon the sands; but hereagain he was disappointed.
it was evident, therefore, that to stay onthis islet was to starve; his only chance appeared to remain in hiscapability of reaching the islet next to it, which, as we have beforementioned, was covered with trees.
there, at least, he might find somemeans of sustenance, and be able with the wood to make a raft, ifnothing better should turn up in his favour.
the tide swept down towards the islet, but it ran so strong that therewas a chance of his being carried past it; he therefore determined towait for an hour or two, until the strength of the current wasdiminished, and then make the attempt.
this interval was passed instrengthening his mind against the horror of the almost positive deathwhich stared him in the face.
it was about an hour before low water that newton walked into the sea,and, commending himself to providence, struck out for the islet, keepinghis course well to windward, to allow for the tide sweeping him down.
touse a nautical phrase, he "held his own" extremely well, until hereached the centre of the channel, where the water ran with greatvelocity, and bore him down rapidly with the stream.
newton struggledhard; for he was aware that the strength of the current once passed, hislabour would be comparatively easy; and so it proved: as he neared theshore of the islet, he made good way; but he had been carried down sofar when in the centre of the stream that it became a nice point, evento the calculation of hope, whether he would fetch the extreme point ofthe islet.
newton redoubled his exertions, when, within thirty yards ofthe shore, an eddy assisted him, and he made sure of success; but whenwithin ten yards, a counter current again caught him, and swept himdown.
he was now abreast of the very extreme point of the islet; a bushthat hung over the water was his only hope; with three or four desperatestrokes he exhausted his remaining strength, at the same time that heseized hold of a small bough.
it was decayed--snapped asunder, andnewton was whirled away by the current into the broad ocean.
how constantly do we find people running into real danger to avoidimaginary evil!
a mother will not permit her child to go to sea, lest itshould be drowned, and a few days afterwards it is kicked to death by ahorse.
had the child been permitted to go afloat, he might have livedand run through the usual term of existence.
wherever we are, orwherever we may go, there is death awaiting us in some shape or another,sooner or later; and there is as much danger in walking through thestreets of london as in ploughing the foaming ocean.
every tile over ourheads contains a death within it as certain, if it were to fall uponus, as that occasioned by the angry surge which swallows us up in itswrath.
i believe, after all, that as many sailors, in proportion, runout their allotted span as the rest of the world that are engaged inother apparently less dangerous professions; although it must beacknowledged that occasionally we do become food for fishes.
"there is atide in the affairs of men," says shakespeare; but, certainly, of allthe tides that ever interfered in a man's prospects, that which sweptaway newton forster appeared to be the least likely to "lead tofortune."
such, however, was the case.
had newton gained the islet whichhe coveted, he would have perished miserably; whereas it will soonappear that, although his sufferings are not yet ended, his beingcarried away was the most fortunate circumstance which could haveoccurred, and proved the means of his ultimate preservation.
newton had resigned himself to his fate.
he ceased from furtherexertion, except such as was necessary to keep him above water a littlelonger.
throwing himself on his back, he appealed to heaven for pardon,as he floated away with the stream.
that newton had as few errors andfollies to answer for as most people, is most certain; yet even the mostperfect soon run up a long account.
during our lives our sins areforgotten, as is the time at which they were committed; but when deathis certain, or appears to be so, it is then that the memory becomes mosthorribly perfect, and each item of our monstrous bill requires but a fewseconds to be read, and to be acknowledged as too correct.
this is thehorror of death; this it is which makes the body struggle to retain thesoul, already pluming herself and rustling her wings, impatient for herflight.
this it is which constitutes the pang of separation, as theenfeebled body gradually relaxes its hold, and--all is over, at least onthis side of the grave.
newton's strength was exhausted; his eyes were fixed on the clear bluesky, as if to bid it farewell; and, resigned to his fate, he was aboutto give over the last few painful efforts which he was aware could onlyprolong, not save his life, when he received a blow on his shouldersunder the water.
imagining that it proceeded from the tail of a shark,or of some other of the ravenous monsters of the deep, which aboundamong these islands, and that the next moment his body would be severedin half, he uttered a faint cry at the accumulated horror of his death;but the next moment his legs were swung round by the current, and heperceived, to his astonishment, that he was aground upon one of thesand-banks which abounded on the reef, and over which the tide wasrunning with the velocity of a sluice.
he floundered, then rose, andfound himself in about one foot of water.
the ebb-tide was nearlyfinished; and this was one of the banks which never showed itself abovewater, except during the full and change of the moon.
it was now aboutnine o'clock in the morning, and the sun shone with great power.
newton,faint from want of sustenance, hardly knew whether to consider thistemporary respite as an advantage.
he knew that the tide would soon flowagain, and he felt that his strength was too much spent to enable him toswim back to the islet which he had missed when he had attempted toreach it, and which was more than two miles from the bank upon which hethen stood.
what chance had he, then, but to be swept away by the returnof the tide?
he almost regretted that it had not been a shark instead ofthe sand-bank which had struck him; he would then have been spared a fewhours of protracted misery.
as newton had foreseen, the ebb-tide was soon over; a short pause of"slack water" ensued, and there was an evident and rapid increase of thewater around him: the wind, too, freshened, and the surface of the oceanwas in strong ripples.
as the water deepened, so did the waves increasein size: every moment added to his despair.
he had now remained aboutfour hours on the bank!
the water had risen to underneath his arms, thewaves nearly lifted him off his feet, and it was with difficulty that hecould retain his position.
hope deserted him, and his senses becameconfused.
he thought that he saw green fields, and cities, andinhabitants.
his reason was departing; he saw his father coming down tohim with the tide, and called to him for help, when the actual sight ofsomething recalled him from his temporary aberration.
there was a darkobject upon the water, evidently approaching.
his respiration was almostsuspended as he watched its coming.
at last he distinguished that itmust either be a whale asleep, or a boat bottom up.
fortunately fornewton, it proved to be the latter.
at last it was brought down by thetide to within a few yards of him, and appeared to be checked.
newtondashed out towards the boat, and in a minute was safely astride upon it.
as soon as he had recovered a little from his agitation, he perceivedthat it was the very boat belonging to the brig, in which jackson had sotreacherously deserted and left him on the island!
at three o'clock it was high water, and at five the water had againretreated, so that newton could quit his station on the bottom of theboat, and walk round her.
he then righted her, and discovered that themast had been carried away close to the step, but, with the sail, stillremained fast to the boat by the main-sheet, which had jammed on thebelaying pin, so that it still was serviceable.
everything else had beenlost out of the boat, except the grapnel, which had been bent, and whichhanging down in the water, from the boat being capsized, had brought itup when it was floated on the sand-bank.
newton, who had neither eatennor drunk since the night before, was again in despair, tormented as hewas by insufferable thirst: when he observed that the locker under thestern-sheets was closed.
he hastened to pull it open, and found that thebottles of wine and cider which he had deposited there were remaining.
abottle of the latter was soon poured down his throat, and newton felt asif restored to his former vigour.
at seven o'clock in the evening the boat was nearly high and dry.
newtonbaled her out, and, fixing the grapnel firmly in the sand, lay down tosleep in the stern-sheets, covered over with the sail.
his sleep was sosound that he did not wake until six o'clock the next morning; when theboat was again aground.
he refreshed himself with some wine, andmeditated upon his prospect.
thanking heaven for a renewed chance ofescape, and lamenting over the fate of the unprepared jackson, who hadevidently been upset, from the main-sheet having been jammed, newtonresolved to make for one of the english isles, which he knew to be abouttwo hundred miles distant.
the oars had been lost, but the rudder of the boat was fortunately madefast by a pennant.
in the afternoon he drew up his grapnel, and madesail in the direction, as well as he could judge from the position ofthe sun, to the english isles.
as the night closed in, he watched thestars, and steered his course by them.
the next day came, and, although the boat sailed well, and went fastbefore a free wind, no land was in sight.
newton had again recourse tothe cider and the wine.
the second night he could hardly keep his eyes open; yet, wearied as hewas, he still continued his course, and never quitted his helm.
the dayagain dawned, and newton's strength was gone, from constant watching;still he bore up against it, until the sun had set.
no land was yet to be seen, and sleep overpowered him.
he took a hitchof the main-sheet round his finger, that, should the breeze freshen, hemight be roused, in case he should go to sleep; and, having taken thisprecaution, in a few minutes the boat _was steering herself_.
"but man, proud man,    dress'd in a little brief authority,    most ignorant of what he's most assured,    his glassy essence, like an angry ape,    plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven."
the reef upon which the brig had been wrecked was one of those extendingalong the southward of the virgin isles.
newton had intended to steerwell to the eastward, with the view of reaching one of the northernmostenglish colonies; but not having a compass, he naturally was not veryequal in his course.
the fact was that he steered well to the southwardof it; and after he fell asleep, the boat ran away still further off hercourse, for she was on the larboard tack, and having no weight in herexcept newton, who was aft in the stern-sheets, she did not feelinclined to keep her wind.
newton's sleep was so profound, that neitherthe pulling of the main-sheet, which he held with a round turn roundhis hand, nor the dancing of the boat, which during the night had runfast before an increasing breeze, roused him from his lethargy.
onsailed the boat, left to the steerage of providence; on slept newton, asif putting firm reliance in the same.
it was not until the break of daythat his repose was very abruptly broken by a shock, which threw himfrom the stern-sheets of the boat, right over the aftermost thwart.
newton recovered his legs, and his senses, and found himself alongsideof a vessel.
he had run stem on to a small schooner, which was lying atanchor.
as the boat was drifting fast by, newton made a spring, andgained the deck of the vessel.
mon dieu!--les anglais--les anglais--nous sommes prisonniers!"
cried out the only man on deck, jumping on his feet, and making aprecipitate dive below.
the vessel, of which newton had thus taken possession, was one employedin carrying the sugars from the plantations round to basse terre, theport of guadaloupe, there to be shipped for europe,--newton's boathaving run away so far to the southward, as to make this island.
she waslying at anchor off the mouth of a small river, waiting for a cargo.
it happened that the crew of the schooner, who were all slaves, wereexactly in the same situation as newton, when their vessels came incontact--viz., fast asleep.
the shock had awakened them; but they wereall below except the one who had kept such a remarkably good watch.
exhausted as newton was, he could not but smile at his uninterruptedpossession of the vessel's decks.
anxious to have communication with thepeople on board, he sat down, awaiting their coming up from below.
in aminute or two, a black head was seen to rise slowly and fearfully out ofthe fore-scuttle; then it disappeared.
another rose up and went downagain as before; and thus it went on until newton reckoned ten differentfaces.
having individually ascertained that there was but one man, andthat one not provided with any weapons, the negroes assumed a degree ofcourage.
the first head that had made its appearance, the woolly hair ofwhich was of a grizzly gray from age, was again popped up thefore-scuttle, with an interrogatory to newton, in french, who he was,and what he wanted?
newton, who did not understand a word of thelanguage, shook his head, and, opening his hands and extending his arms,to show that he had no means of defence, he beckoned to them to come up.
the man's head had again disappeared, and, after a little demur, nine orten negroes crawled up out of the fore-scuttle, one after another, eachwith some weapon or another by way of security.
they remained on theforecastle of the vessel until the last was up; and then at a nod givenby their grizzle-headed leader, they advanced aft in a body towardsnewton.
newton rose and pointed to the boat, which had now drifted abouta quarter of a mile astern.
he then made signs to give them tounderstand that he had been wrecked.
"apparemment c'est un pauvre misérable, qui a fait naufrage," observedthe old negro, who appeared to have the charge of the vessel; "gustaveadolphe, tu parles bien l'anglais; demandez-lui les nouvelles,"continued the old man, folding his arms across, and looking very _big_indeed, as he reclined against the mainmast of the vessel.
gustave adolphe stood forward from the rest of the negroes.
he was ashort, fat, shiny-faced fellow, with his hair platted into about fiftylittle tails.
he first bowed to his old commander, then placing his armsakimbo, walked up to newton, and looking him full in the face, commencedhis duty of interpreter, as follows:--"i say--god dam--"newton smiled.
"oui, monsieur, c'est un anglais."
"continuez, gustave adolphe," replied the old negro, with a majesticair.
gustave adolphe, with another bow, resumed:"i say--where com?"
"barbadoes," replied newton.
"monsieur, il vient de barbadoes."
"continuez, gustave adolphe," replied his superior, with a wave of hishand.
"i say--where go?"
replied newton, "go to the bottom."
"monsieur, il allait au port de bo--tom."
"bo--tom," repeated the old negro.
"où diable est ça?"
here a general consultation was held, by which it appeared that such aport had never been heard of in the west indies.
"gustave adolphe, demandez-lui si c'est un port anglais."
"i say--bo--tom--english port?"
"no," replied newton, amused with the mistake; "i should rather call it_neutral_."
"c'est un port neutral, monsieur."
"gustave adolphe, demandez-lui de quelle île."
"i say, what isle--bo--tom?"
newton, who was faint with hunger and thirst, was not inclined at themoment to continue the conversation, which otherwise would have been asource of amusement.
he replied by making signs that he wished to eatand drink.
"monsieur," said gustave adolphe to the old negro, "le prisonnier refusede faire réponse, et demande à manger et à boire."
"va l'en chercher, gustave adolphe," replied the old man.
"allons,messieurs," continued he, addressing the other negroes.
"il faut leverl'ancre de suite, et amener notre prisonnier aux autorités; charlesphilippe, va chercher mon porte-voix."
the negro captain walked up and down the deck of the schooner, a vesselabout thirty feet long, until charles philippe made his appearance withthe speaking-trumpet.
he then proceeded to get the vessel under weigh,with more noise and fuss than is to be heard when the proudestthree-decker in the english navy expands her lofty canvas to the gale.
gustave adolphe, in obedience to the commands he had received, broughtup to newton a bunch of bananas, a large piece of salt fish, and acalabash of water.
the latter was immediately applied to his lips, andnever removed while a drop remained, much to the astonishment of thenegro, who again sported his english.
"i say--very good--ab more?"
"if you please," replied newton.
"monsieur," said gustave adolphe to his commander, "le prisonnier asoif, et demande encore de l'eau."
"va l'en chercher donc," replied the old negro, with a wave of hisspeaking-trumpet.
"charles philippe, attention à la barre,[1] sans venirau vent, s'il vous plaît.
matelots[2] du gaillard d'avant," continuedhe, roaring through his speaking-trumpet!
"bordez le grand foc."
[footnote 1: mind your weather-helm.]
[footnote 2: forecastlemen, haul aft the jib-sheet.]
in the space of two hours, the schooner was brought to an anchor, withas much noise and importance as she had been got under weigh.
a boatcapable of holding three people--one rower and two sitters--was shovedoff the vessel's deck, and the negro captain, having first descended tohis cabin for a few minutes, returned on deck dressed in the extremityof _their_ fashion, and ordered the boat to be manned.
gustave adolphe accordingly manned the boat with his own person, and thenegro captain politely waved his hand for newton to enter; and then,following himself, gustave adolphe rowed to a landing-place, abouttwenty yards from the schooner.
"gustave adolphe, suivez en arrière, et gardez bien que le prisonniern'échappe pas;" so saying, monsieur le capitaine led the way to a largewhite house and buildings, about two hundred yards from the river'sbanks.
on their arrival, newton was surrounded by twenty or thirtyslaves of both sexes, who chattered and jabbered a thousand questionsconcerning him to the negro captain and gustave adolphe, neither of whomcondescended to reply.
"monsieur de fontanges--où est-il?"
inquired the old negro.
"monsieur dort," replied a little female voice.
the captain was taken aback at this unfortunate circumstance; for no onedared to wake their master.
"madame est dans sa chambre."
there again he was floored--he could not venture there; so he conductednewton, who was not very sorry to escape from the burning rays of thesun, to his own habitation, where an old negress, his wife, soonobtained from the negro that information relative to the capture ofnewton which the bevy of slaves in the yard had attempted in vain--butwives have such winning ways with them!
"what elegance and grandeur wide expand,  the pride of turkey and of persia land!
soft quilts on quilts, on carpets carpets spread,  and couches stretch'd around in seemly band,  and endless pillows rise to prop the head.
*       *       *       *       *  here languid beauty kept her pale-faced court."
the female slaves who could not obtain the history of newton immediatelyrepaired to the chamber of their mistress, knowing that if they couldsucceed in raising her curiosity, they would at the same time gratifytheir own.
madame de fontanges was, as they asserted, in her chamber,or, what may now be more correctly styled, her boudoir.
it was a roomabout fourteen feet square, the sides of which were covered with abeautiful paper, representing portions of the history of paul andvirginia: the floor was covered with fine matting, with here and there asmall persian carpet above it.
small marble tables were decorated with avariety of ornaments and french perfumes, or vases filled with thesplendid flowers of a tropical clime.
there was a large window at eachend of the room, cut down to the ground, in the french fashion; andoutside of both was a little balcony--the trellice-work covered withpassion-flower and clematis.
the doors and other compartments of the roomwere not papered, but had french mirrors let into the pannelling.
on a lowottoman of elegant workmanship, covered with a damasked french silk,reposed madame de fontanges, attended by three or four young female slaves,of different complexions, but none of pure african blood.
others wereseated upon the different persian carpets about the room, in listlessidleness, or strewing the petals of the orange-flower, to perfume theapartment with its odour.
the only negro was a little boy, about six yearsof age, dressed in a fantastic costume, who sat in a corner, apparently ina very sulky humour.
madame de fontanges was a creole,--that is, born inthe west indies of french parents.
she had been sent home to france for hereducation, and had returned at the age of fourteen to guadaloupe, whereshe soon after married monsieur de fontanges, an officer of rank, andbrother to the governor of the island.
her form was diminutive, but mostperfect; her hand and arm models for the statuary; while her feet wereso small as almost to excite risibility when you observed them.
herfeatures were regular, and when raised from her usual listlessness,full of expression.
large hazel eyes, beautifully pencilled eyebrows,with long fringed eyelashes, dark and luxuriant hair, grecian nose,small mouth, with thin coral lips, were set off by a complexion whicheven the climate could not destroy, although it softened it into extremedelicacy.
such was the person of madame de fontanges, now about eighteen yearsold, and one of the most beautiful specimens of the french creole whichcould be imagined.
her perfect little figure needed no support; she wassimply attired in a muslin _robe de chambre_, as she reposed upon theottoman, waiting with all the impatience of her caste for the setting inof the sea-breeze, which would give some relief from the oppressive heatof the climate.
cried she to one of her attendants, who wasstanding at the head of the sofa with a large feather fan.
"oui, madame," replied the girl, stirring up the dormant atmosphere.
caroline, éventez mes mains, vite."
"oui, madame," replied the second, working away with another fan.
éventez mes pieds, mimi."
"oui, madame," replied the third, fanning in the direction pointed out.
"louise," said madame de fontanges, languidly, after a short pause,"apportez-moi de l'eau sucrée."
"oui, madame," replied another, rising, in obedience to the order.
je n'en veux pas--mais j'ai soif horrible.
manchette, vachercher de l'eau cerise."
"oui, madame," replied manchette, rising from her seat.
but she had notquitted the room before madame de fontanges had changed her mind.
ce n'est pas ça.
je voudrais de limonade.
charlotte, va l'en chercher."
"oui, madame," said charlotte, leaving the room to execute the order.
"ah, mon dieu!
qu'il fait une chaleur épouvantable.
"mimi, que tu es paresseuse?
"où est monsieur?"
qu'il est heureux.
et cupidon--où est-il?"
"ii est ici, au coin, madame.
"qu'est-ce qu'il a fait donc?"
il a volé le dindon rôti, et l'a tout mangé."
"ah, le petit polisson!
venez ici, cupidon."
cupidon, the little negro-boy we have before mentioned as sitting in thecorner of the room, walked up with a very deliberate pace to the side ofthe ottoman, his two thick lips sticking out about six inches in advanceof the remainder of his person.
"cupidon," said the lady, turning a little on one side to speak to him,"tu as mangé le dindon entier.
tu as mal fait, mon ami.
tu seras malade.
comprends-tu, cupidon, c'est une sottise que tu as fait?"
cupidon made no reply; his head was hung down a little lower, and hislips extended a little further out.
"sache que tu es un petite voleur!"
continued his mistress.
cupidon did not condescend to answer.
"allez, monsieur; ne m'approchez pas."
cupidon turned short round without reply, and walked back to his cornerwith the same deliberate pace as before, when he came out of it.
charlotte now returned with the lemonade for which she had beendespatched, and informed her mistress as she presented it, thatnicholas, who had charge of the schooner, had returned with an europeanprisoner; but that neither he nor gustave would give her any furtherinformation, although she had requested it in the name of her mistress.
this was quite an event, and gave a fillip to the inertness of madame defontanges, whose curiosity was excited.
"a-t-il bonne mine, charlotte?"
"oui, madame, c'est un bel homme."
"et où est-il?"
"il faut l'éveiller.
faites bien mes compliments au monsieur defontanges, et dites-lui que je me trouve fort malade, et que je voudraislui parier.
entends-tu, céleste; je parle à toi."
"oui, madame," replied the girl, throwing some orange flowers off herlap, and rising to deliver her message.
m. de fontanges, who, like most of the europeans, slept through thehottest portion of the day, rose in compliance with his wife's message,and made his appearance in the boudoir, dressed in a white cotton jacketand trousers.
a few polite inquiries after the health of madame defontanges, which, as he had conjectured from similar previousoccurrences, was not worse than usual, were followed by his receivingfrom her the information of newton's arrival, coupled with anobservation, that it would amuse her if the prisoner were interrogatedin her presence.
newton was summoned to the boudoir, where m. de fontanges, who spokevery good english, received from him the history of his disasters, andtranslated them into french, to gratify the curiosity of his wife.
"c'est un beau garçon," observed m. de fontanges.
"mais que faire?
il faut l'envoyer à mon frère, le gouverneur."
"il est joli garçon," replied madame de fontanges.
"donnez-lui des habits, fontanges; et ne l'envoyez pas encore."
"et pourquoi, mon amie?"
"je voudrais lui apprendre le français."
"cela ne se peut pas, ma chère; il est prisonnier."
"cela se peut, monsieur de fontanges," replied the lady.
"je n'ose pas," continued the husband.
"moi j'ose," replied the lady, decidedly.
"je ne voudrais pas," said the gentleman.
"moi, je veux," interrupted the lady.
"mais il faut être raisonnable, madame."
"ii faut m'obéir, monsieur."
replied the lady; "c'est une affaire décidée.
monsieur legouverneur ne parle pas l'anglais.
c'est _absolument nécessaire_ que lejeune homme apprenne notre langue; et c'est mon plaisir de l'enseigner.
au revoir, monsieur de fontanges.
charlotte, va chercher des habits."
"'tis pleasing to be school'd in a strange tongue   by female lips and eyes; that is, i mean   when both the teacher and the taught are young,   as was the case, at least, where i had been.
they smile so when one's right, and when one's wrong   they smile still more."
m. de fontanges, aware of the impetuosity and caprice of his wife (atthe same time that he acknowledged her many redeeming good qualities),did not further attempt to thwart her inclinations.
his great objectionto her plan was the impropriety of retaining a prisoner whom he wasbound to give up to the proper authorities.
he made a virtue ofnecessity, and having acquainted newton with the wish of madame defontanges, requested his parole of honour that he would not attempt toescape, if he was not delivered up to the authorities, and remain sometime at lieu désiré.
newton, who had no wish to be acquainted with afrench _cachot_ sooner than it was absolutely necessary, gave thepromise required by m. de fontanges, assuring him that ingratitude wasnot a part of his character.
m. de fontanges then requested that newtonwould accept of a portion of his wardrobe, which he would direct to besent to the room that would be prepared for him.
this affair beingarranged, newton made his bow to the lady, and in company with m. defontanges, retired from the boudoir.
it may be suspected by the reader, that madame de fontanges was one ofthose ladies who cared a great deal about having her own way, and verylittle for her husband.
as to the first part of the accusation, i canonly observe, that i never yet had the fortune to fall in with any ladywho did not try all she could to have her own way, nor do i conceive itto be a crime.
as to the second, if the reader has formed thatsupposition, he is much mistaken.
madame de fontanges was very muchattached to her husband, and the attachment as well as the confidencewas reciprocal.
it was not, therefore, from any feeling of jealousy that m. de fontangeshad combated her resolution; but, as we have before observed, from aconviction that he was wanting in his duty, when he did not report thearrival of newton at the plantation.
the wish of madame de fontanges todetain newton was, as she had declared, a caprice on her part, which hadentered her head, to amuse herself by teaching him french.
it is truethat had not newton been remarkably prepossessing in his appearance, theidea would in all probability have never been conceived; but, observingthat he was much above the common class, and wishing to relieve thegeneral monotony of her life by anything which would create amusement,she had formed the idea, which, when combated by her husband, wasimmediately strengthened to a resolution.
of this newton received the benefit.
an excellent dinner or rathersupper with m. de fontanges, a comfortable bed in a room supplied withall that convenience or luxury could demand, enabled him to pass a verydifferent night from those which we have lately described.
about twelve o'clock the ensuing day, newton was summoned by one of theslave girls to the boudoir of madame de fontanges.
he found her on theottoman, as before.
newton, who had been operated upon by a blackbarber, and was dressed in the habiliments of m. de fontanges, made amuch more respectable appearance than upon his former introduction.
"bon jour, monsieur," said the lady.
newton bowed respectfully.
"comment vous appelez-vous?"
newton, not understanding, answered with another bow.
"le jeune homme n'entends pas, madame," observed mimi.
"que c'est ennuyant.
monsieur," said madame fontanges, pointing toherself, "moi,--madame de fontanges: vous?"
pointing to him.
"nu-tong fasta--ah, c'est bon; cela commence," said the lady.
"allons,mes enfans, répétez-lui tous vos noms."
"moi--mimi," said the girl bearing that name, going up to newton, andpointing to herself.
"mimi," repeated newton, with a smile and nod of his head.
"et moi--cupidon," finished the little black boy, running up, and thenretreating as fast back into his corner.
newton repeated all the names, as the individuals respectively introducedthemselves to him.
then there was a pause, during which, at the desire ofmadame de fontanges, newton was offered a chair, and sat down.
"allons, dites-lui les noms de toute la garniture," said madame defontanges to her attendants.
"oui, madame," said mimi, going up to newton, and, pointing to the fan inher hand,--"éventail."
"éventail," repeated newton, who began to be amused, and who nowrepeated every french word after them.
"flaçon," said charlotte, showing him the eau-de-cologne bottle.
"chaise," cried louise, holding up a chair.
"livre," said nina, pointing to a book.
"mouchoir," said caroline, holding up an embroidered handkerchief.
"montre," followed up manchette, pointing to her mistress's watch.
"canapé," cried céleste, pointing to the ottoman.
"joli garçon," bawled out cupidon, coming up to newton, and pointing tohimself.
this created a laugh, and then the lesson was continued.
every articlein the room was successively pointed out to newton, and he was obligedto repeat the name; and afterwards the articles of their dress wereresorted to, much to his amusement.
then, there was a dead stand:--thefact is that there is no talking with noun substantives only.
il faut envoyer pour monsieur de fontanges," cried thelady; "va le chercher, louise."
m. de fontanges soon made his appearance, when the lady explained to himtheir dilemma, and requested his assistance.
m de fontanges laughed, andexplained to newton, and then, by means of his interpretation, connectedsentences were made, according to the fancy of the lady, some of whichwere the cause of great merriment.
after an hour, the gentlemen madetheir bows.
"i think," observed m. de fontanges, as they walked away, "that if youreally are as anxious to learn our language as madame is to teach you,you had better come to me every morning for an hour.
i shall have greatpleasure in giving you any assistance in my power, and i trust that in avery short time, with a little study of the grammar and dictionary, youwill be able to hold a conversation with madame de fontanges, or evenwith her dark-complexioned page."
newton expressed his acknowledgments, and the next day he received hisfirst lesson; after which he was summoned to support the theory bypractice in the boudoir of madame de fontanges.
it is hardly necessaryto observe that each day increased the facility of communication.
for three months newton was domiciled with monsieur and madamefontanges, both of whom had gradually formed such an attachment to him,that the idea of parting never entered their heads.
he was now a verytolerable french scholar, and his narratives and adventures were to hisbenefactors a source of amusement, which amply repaid them for thetrouble and kindness which they had shown to him.
newton was, in fact, ageneral favourite with every one on the plantation, from the highest tothe lowest; and his presence received the same smile of welcome at thecottage of the slave as at the boudoir of madame de fontanges.
whatever may have been the result of newton's observations relative toslavery in the english colonies, his feelings of dislike insensibly woreaway during his residence at lieu désiré; there he was at leastconvinced that a slave might be perfectly happy.
it must be acknowledgedthat the french have invariably proved the kindest and most considerateof masters, and the state of bondage is much mitigated in the islandswhich appertain to that nation.
the reason is obvious: in france, thereis a _bonhommie_, a degree of equality, established between thedifferent grades of society by universal politeness.
a french servant isfamiliar with his master at the same time that he is respectful: and themaster, in return, condescends to his inferior without forgetting theirrelative positions.
this runs through society in general: and as no onecan well be polite without some good-nature (for politeness, frivolousas it may appear, is a strong check upon those feelings of selfishnesstoo apt to be indulged in), it leads to a general feeling of good-willtowards others.
this has naturally been practised by frenchmen whereverthey may be; and the consequence is that the slaves are treated withmore consideration, and, in return, have warmer feelings of attachmenttowards their owners than are to be found in colonies belonging to othernations.
newton perceived and acknowledged this, and, comparing thecondition of the people at lieu désiré with that of most of thepeasantry of europe, was unwillingly obliged to confess that the formerwere in every respect the more fortunate and the more happy of the two.
one morning, soon after newton had breakfasted with m. de fontanges, andhad been summoned to the boudoir, a letter was brought in.
it was fromthe governor to m. de fontanges, stating that he had heard with greatsurprise that m. de fontanges concealed an english prisoner in hishouse, and desiring that he might be immediately sent up tohead-quarters.
that there might be no delay or refusal, a corporal,accompanied by two file of men, brought down the intimation to theplantation.
newton was in the very middle of a long story, madame de fontanges onthe ottoman, and her attendants collected round her, seated on thefloor--even cupidon had advanced from his corner to withinhalf-distance, his mouth and eyes wide open, when m. de fontangesentered the boudoir, with anxiety and chagrin expressed in hiscountenance.
"qu'est-ce qu'il y a, mon ami?"
said madame de fontanges, risinghastily, and running up to her husband.
m. de fontanges answered by putting the governor's letter into hiswife's hands.
cried madame de fontanges; "est-il possible?
on l'amène au cachôt."
cried all the coloured girls at a breath and bursting intotears--"oh, ciel!"
m. de fontanges then explained to newton the order which he hadreceived.
newton replied that he had had no right to expect otherwise onhis first landing on the island; that he had incurred a heavy debt ofgratitude to them for having preserved him so long from a prison; andthat the remembrance of their kindness would tend to beguile the tedioushours of captivity (from which it may appear that newton, in point ofexpressing himself, was half a frenchman already).
he then kissed thehand of madame de fontanges, tried to console the little slave girls,who were all _au désespoir_, patted cupidon on the head, by way offarewell, and quitted the boudoir, in which he had passed so many happyhours.
when he was outside, he again expressed his obligations to m. defontanges, who then stated his determination to call upon his brother,the governor, and try to allieviate the hardships of his lot as much aswas possible.
in less than an hour, newton, in company with his host,was on the road to basse terre, leaving the corporal and his two file ofmen to walk back as fast as they could; the corporal having sufficient_savoir vivre_ not to refuse the pledge of the governor's brother forthe safe delivery of the prisoner.
it was not until late in the evening that they arrived at basse terre,when they immediately proceeded to the house of the governor, and wereadmitted to his presence.
the governor, who had been much displeased at the circumstance of newtonhaving remained so long on the island, was more pacified when m. defontanges explained to him the way in which he had been made prisoner,and the hardships which he had previously endured.
m. de fontangesaccounted for his long detention at lieu désiré by stating the realfact, viz., the pertinacity of madame de fontanges; which, although itmight have been considered a very poor argument in england, had its dueweight in a french colony.
the governor entered into conversation with newton, who detailed to himthe horrors of the shipwreck which he had undergone.
the narrativeappeared to affect him much.
he told newton that under suchcircumstances he could hardly consider him as a prisoner, and would takethe first opportunity of releasing him, and would accept his parole fornot quitting the island.
newton returned his thanks for so muchcourtesy, and withdrew in company with m. de fontanges.
"monsieur le marquis has much sympathy for those who have beenshipwrecked," observed monsieur de fontanges, after they had quitted theroom.
he lost his wife, a beautiful young woman, and his onlychild, a little girl, about seven years back, when they were proceedinghome in a vessel bound to havre.
the vessel has never been heard of since,and he has never recovered the loss."
"in what year was it?"
"in the autumn of the year--""there were many vessels wrecked on our coast during that dreadfulwinter," replied newton; "i myself, when in a coaster, picked up severalarticles belonging to a french vessel.
i have them in my possessionnow;--they are of some value."
"what did they consist of?"
inquired monsieur de fontanges.
"a large trunk, containing the wearing apparel of a female and a child:there were also several orders of knighthood, and some jewels; but ihardly know what they were, as it is some time since i have looked atthem."
"how strange that you could find no clue to discover the names of theparties!"
"there were french letters," replied newton, "which i could not read;they were only signed by initials, which did not correspond with themarks on the linen belonging to the lady, although the surname mighthave been the same as that of the child."
"do you recollect the initials?"
"perfectly well: the marks on the lady's apparel were l.c., that on thelinen of the infant j.f."
cried monsieur de fontanges; "then it may indeedhave been the apparel of the marquise de fontanges.
the linen must havebeen some marked with her maiden name, which was louise de colmar.
thechild was christened julie de fontanges, after her grandmother.
my poorbrother had intended to take his passage home in the same vessel, hissuccessor being hourly expected; but the frigate in which the newgovernor had embarked was taken by an english squadron, and my brother wasforced to remain here."
"then the property must undoubtedly belong to the marquis," repliednewton: "i only wish i could have been able to assure him that his wifeand child were equally safe; but that i am afraid is impossible, asthere can be no doubt but that they were all lost.
do you mean tocommunicate what i have told you to the marquis?"
"by no means: it will only tear open a wound which has but partiallyhealed.
if you will send me all the particulars when you return i shallfeel much obliged, not that the effects are of any consequence.
themarquise and her child are undoubtedly lost; and it could be noconsolation to my brother to ascertain that a trunk of their effects hadbeen saved."
here the conversation dropped, and was never again renewed.
newton was heartily welcomed again at lieu désiré, where he remainedthree weeks, when a note from the governor informed him that a cartelwas about to sail.
it was with mutual pain that newton and his kind friends took theirfarewell of each other.
in this instance m. de fontanges did notaccompany him to basse terre, but bade him adieu at his own door.
newton, soon after he was on the road, perceived that m. de fontangeshad acted from a motive of delicacy, that he might not receive thethanks of newton for two valises, well furnished, which overtook newtonabout a quarter of a mile from the plantation, slung on each side of ahorse, under the guidance of a little negro, perched on the middle.
newton made his acknowledgments to the governor for his kindconsideration, then embarked on board of the _marie thérèse_ schooner,and in three days he once more found himself on shore in an englishcolony; with which piece of information i conclude this chapter.
"mercy on us!
a bairn, a very pretty bairn,   a boy, a child."
when newton was landed from the cartel at jamaica, he found theadvantage of not being clad in the garb of a sailor, as all those whowere in such costume were immediately handed over to the admiral of thestation, to celebrate their restoration to liberty on board of aman-of-war; but the clothes supplied to him by the generosity of m. defontanges had anything but a maritime appearance, and newton was landedwith his portmanteaus by one of the man-of-war's boats, whose crew hadlittle idea of his being a person so peculiarly suited to their views,possessing as he did the necessary qualifications of youth, activity,and a thorough knowledge of his profession.
newton was so anxious toreturn home, that after a few days' expensive sojourn at an hotel,frequented chiefly by the officers of the man-of-war in port, heresolved to apply to the captain of a frigate ordered home withdespatches, to permit him to take a passage.
he had formed a slightintimacy with some of the officers, who assured him that he wouldexperience no difficulty in obtaining his request.
his application wasmade in person; and after his statement that he had been released in thelast cartel which had come from guadaloupe, his request was immediatelygranted, without any further questions being put relative to hisprofession, or the manner in which he had been captured.
the captainvery civilly gave him to understand that he might mess with thegun-room officers, if he could arrange with them, and that he expectedto sail on the evening of the ensuing day.
newton immediately repairedon board of the frigate, to ascertain if the officers would receive himas a messmate; and further, whether the amount of his mess-money wouldbe more than he could in prudence afford.
at the bottom of one of theportmanteaus he had found a bag of two hundred dollars, supplied by hisgenerous host, and in the same bag there was also deposited a small notefrom madame de fontanges, wishing him success, and enclosing (as a_souvenir_) a ring, which he had often perceived on her finger; but,adequate as was this supply to his own wants, newton did not forget thathis father was, in all probability, in great distress, and would requirehis assistance on his return.
he was, therefore, naturally anxious notto expend more than was absolutely necessary in defraying his passage.
the old first lieutenant, to whom, upon his arrival on board, he wasintroduced as commanding officer, received him with much urbanity; and,when newton stated that he had obtained the captain's permission to makethe application, immediately acceded to his wishes on the part of hismessmates as well as of himself, when newton followed up hisapplication, by requesting to know the expense which he would incur, as,in case of its being greater than his finances could meet, he wouldrequest permission to choose a less expensive mess.
"i am aware," replied the veteran, "that those who have beenshipwrecked, and in a french prison, are not likely to be very flush ofcash.
it is, however, a point on which i must consult my messmates.
excuse me one moment, and i will bring you an answer: i have no doubtbut that it will be satisfactorily arranged; but there is nothing likesettling these points at once.
mr webster, see that the lighter shovesoff the moment that she is clear," continued the first lieutenant to oneof the midshipmen as he descended the quarter-deck ladder, leavingnewton to walk the quarter-deck.
in a few minutes the first lieutenant reappeared, with one or twoofficers of the gun-room mess, who greeted him most cordially.
"i have seen all that are requisite," said he to newton.
"two i have notspoken to, the master and the purser; they are both poor men withfamilies.
if, therefore, you will not be too proud to accept it, i amrequested to offer you a free passage from the other officers of themess, as we feel convinced that your company will more than repay us.
the proportion of the expense of your passage to the other two will bebut one or two pounds; a trifle, indeed, but still of consequence tothem; and that is the only expense which you will incur.
if you canafford to pay that, any time after your arrival in england, we shall bemost happy to receive you, and make the passage as comfortable andpleasant as circumstances will permit."
to this most liberal proposition newton most gladly acceded.
theofficers who had come on deck with the first lieutenant invited newtonbelow, where he was introduced to the remainder of the mess, who weremost of them fine young men, as happy and careless as if youth was tolast for ever.
having pledged each other in a glass of grog, newtonreturned on shore.
the next morning he made his arrangements, paid hisbill at the hotel, and before twelve o'clock was again on board of thefrigate, which lay with the blue peter hoisted, and her fore-topsailloose, waiting for her captain, who was still detained on shore whilethe admiral and governor made up their despatches.
when newton had applied to the captain of the frigate for a passagehome, he could hardly believe it possible that the person to whom he wasintroduced could be entrusted with the command of so fine a vessel.
hewas a slight-made, fair complexioned lad, of nineteen or twenty years atthe most, without an incipient mark of manhood on his chin.
he appearedlively, active, and good-natured; but what were the other qualificationshe possessed, to discover such a mark of confidence, were to newton anenigma requiring solution.
it was, however, to be explained in very few words.
he was the son ofthe admiral of the station, and (as at that period there was noregulation with respect to age, to check the most rapid promotion),after he had served his time as midshipman, in less than two months hehad been raised through the different ranks of lieutenant, commander,and post-captain.
on receiving the latter step, he was at the same timeappointed to the frigate in question,--one of the finest which belongedto his majesty's service.
in order, however, that he should to a certaindegree be in leading-strings, a very old and efficient officer had beenselected by the admiral as his first lieutenant.
whether, in commonjustice, the captain and his subordinate ought not to have changedplaces, i leave the reader to guess; and it was the more unfair towardsthe worthy old first lieutenant, as, if the admiral had not entertainedsuch a high opinion of his abilities and judgment as to confide to himthe charge of his son, he would long before have been promoted himselfto one of the many vacancies which so repeatedly occurred.
captain carrington had all the faults which, if no inherent, willnaturally be acquired by those who are too early entrusted with power.
he was self-sufficient, arbitrary, and passionate.
his good qualitiesconsisted in a generous disposition, a kindness of heart when notirritated, a manly courage, and a frank acknowledgment of his errors.
had he been allowed to serve a proper time in the various grades of hisprofession--had he been taught to obey before he had been permitted to_command_--he had within him all the materials for a good officer: as itwas, he was neither officer, sailor, nor anything else, except a_spoiled boy_.
he would often attempt to carry on the duty as captain,and as often fail from want of knowledge.
he would commence manoeuvringthe ship, but find himself unable to proceed.
at these unfortunate_break downs_, he would be obliged to resign the speaking-trumpet to thefirst lieutenant; and if, as sometimes happened, the latter (either fromaccident, or perhaps from a pardonable pique at having the duty takenout of his hands), was not at his elbow to prompt him when at fault--atthese times the cant phrase of the officers, taken from some farce, usedto be, "_york, you're wanted_."
about an hour before sunset the juvenile captain made his appearance onboard, rather _fresh_ from taking leave of his companions andacquaintances on shore.
the frigate was got under weigh by the firstlieutenant, and, before the sun had disappeared, was bounding over thefoaming seas in the direction of the country which had nurtured tomaturity the gnarled oak selected for her beautiful frame.
newton joinedhis new messmates in drinking a prosperous passage to old england; and,with a heart grateful for his improved prospects, retired to the hammockwhich had been prepared for him.
when newton rose in the morning, he found that the wind had shiftedcontrary during the night, and that the frigate was close hauled,darting through the smooth water with her royals set.
at ten o'clock themaster proposed tacking the ship, and the first lieutenant went down toreport his wish to the captain.
"very well, mr nourse," replied the captain; "turn the hands up."
"ay, ay, sir," replied the first lieutenant, leaving the cabin.
"call the boatswain, quarter-master--all hands 'bout ship."
"all hands 'bout ship," was now bellowed out by the boatswain, andre-echoed by his mates at the several hatchways, with a due proportionof whistling from their pipes.
"tumble up, there--tumble up smartly, my lads."
in a minute every man was on deck, and at his station; many of them,however, _tumbling down_ in their laudable hurry to _tumble up_.
"silence there, fore and aft--every man to his station," cried the firstlieutenant through his speaking-trumpet.
"all ready, sir," reported thefirst lieutenant to the captain, who had followed him on deck.
"shall weput the helm down?"
"if you please, mr nourse."
"down with the helm."
when the master reported it down, "the helm's a-lee," roared the firstlieutenant.
but captain carrington, who thought light winds and smooth water a goodopportunity for practice, interrupted him as he was walking towards theweather gangway "mr nourse, mr nourse, if you please, i'll work theship."
"very good, sir," replied the first lieutenant, handing him thespeaking-trumpet.
"rise tacks and sheets, if you please, sir," continuedthe first lieutenant (_sotto voce_), "the sails are lifting."
"tacks and sheets!"
cried the captain.
"gather in on the lee main-tack, my lads," said the first lieutenant,going to the lee gangway to see the duty performed.
now, captain carrington did know that "mainsail haul" was the next wordof command; but as this order requires a degree of precision as to theexact time at which it is given, he looked over his shoulder for thefirst lieutenant, who usually prompted him in this exigence.
not seeinghim there, he became disconcerted; and during the few seconds that hecast his anxious eyes about the deck, to discover where the firstlieutenant was, the ship had passed head to wind.
at last cried the captain; but it was too late; theyards would not swing round; everything went wrong; and the ship was _inirons_.
"you hauled a little too late, sir," observed the first lieutenant whohad joined him.
"you must box her off, sir, if you please."
but captain carrington, although he could put the ship in irons, did notknow how to take her out.
"the ship is certainly most cursedly out of trim," observed he; "she'llneither wear nor stay.
try her yourself, mr nourse," continued thecaptain, "i'm sick of her!"
--and with a heightened colour, he handed thespeaking-trumpet over to the first lieutenant.
"york, you're wanted," observed the lieutenant abaft to the marineofficer, dropping down the corners of his mouth.
"york, you're wanted," tittered the midshipmen, in whispers, as theypassed each other.
"well, i've won your grog, jim," cried one of the marines, who wasstanding at the forebrace; "i knew he'd never do it."
"he's like me," observed another, in a low tone; "he left school too'arly, and lost his edication."
such were the results of injudicious patronage.
a fine ship entrusted toa boy, ignorant of his duty; laughed at, not only by the officers, buteven by the men; and the honour of the country at stake, and running nosmall risk of being tarnished, if the frigate met with a vigorousopponent.
[1] thank god, this is now over!
judicious regulations have puta stop to such selfish and short-sighted patronage.
selfish, becausethose who were guilty of it risked the honour of the nation to advancethe interests of their _protégés_; short-sighted, because it is oflittle use making a young man a captain if you cannot make him anofficer.
i might here enter into a discussion which might be of someuse, but it would be out of place in a work intended more for amusementthan for instruction; nor would it in all probability be read.
i alwaysmake it a rule myself, to skip over all those parts introduced in alight work which are of denser materials than the rest; and i cannotexpect but that others will do the same.
there is a time and place forall things; and like the master of ravenswood, "i bide my time."
[footnote 1: it is true that an officer must now serve a certain time inthe various grades before promotion, which time is supposed to besufficient for him to acquire a knowledge of his profession; but whetherthat knowledge is obtained depends, as before, upon the young officer'sprospects in life.
if from family interest he is sure of promotion, heis not quite so sure of being a seaman.]
the frigate dashed gallantly through the water, at one time careening toan adverse wind, at another rolling before a favouring gale: and, tojudge from her rapid motion, she was not in such very bad trim ascaptain carrington had found out.
each day rapidly brought her nearer totheir cherished home, as "she walked the waters like a thing of life."
ican conceive no prouder situation in this world than being captain of afine frigate, with a well-disciplined crew; but d--n your_eight-and-twenties_!
"we had better take in the royals, if you please, sir," said the firstlieutenant, as he came, with his hat in his hand, into the cabin, wherethe captain was at dinner with several of the officers, the tablecrowded with a variety of decanters and french green bottles.
mr nourse; we'll carry them a little longer," repliedthe captain, who had been _carrying too much sail_ another way.
"sitdown and take a glass of wine with us.
you always cry out before you'rehurt, nourse."
"i thank you, sir," replied the first lieutenant, seriously; "you willexcuse me: it is time to beat to quarters."
"well, then, do so; i had no idea it was so late.
mr forster, you don'tpass the bottle."
"i have taken enough, i thank you, sir."
the officers present also made the same statement.
"well, then, if you won't, gentlemen--steward, let's have some coffee."
the coffee appeared and disappeared; and the officers made their bowsand quitted the cabin as the first lieutenant entered it to report themuster at quarters.
"all present and sober, sir.
i am afraid, sir," continued he, "the mastswill be over the side if we do not clew up the royals."
"stop a moment, if you please, mr nourse, until i go up and judge formyself," replied the captain, who was inclined to be pertinacious.
captain carrington went on deck.
the men were still ranged round thedecks at their quarters; more than one pair of eyes were raised aloft towatch the masts, which were bending like coach-whips, and complainingbitterly.
"shall we beat a retreat, and pipe hands to shorten sail, sir?
we hadbetter take in the third reefs, sir;--it looks very squally to-night,"observed the first lieutenant.
"really, mr nourse, i don't exactly perceive the necessity--"but at that moment the fore and main-top-gallant-masts went over theside; and the look-out man at the fore-top-gallant-mast head, who hadbeen called down by the first lieutenant, but did not hear theinjunction, was hurled into the sea to leeward.
cried the master.
"man overboard!--man overboard!"
echoed round the decks; while some ofthe officers and men jumped into the quarter-boats, and hastily cast offthe gripes and lashings.
captain carrington, who was immediately sobered by the catastrophe,which he felt had been occasioned by his own wilfulness, ran aft to thetaffrail; and when he saw the poor sailor struggling in the waves,impelled by his really fine nature, he darted overboard to save him; buthe was not by any means a powerful swimmer, and, encumbered with hisapparel, it was soon evident that he could do no more than keep himselfafloat.
newton, who perceived how matters stood, with great presence of mindcaught up two of the oars from the boat hanging astern, and darted overto the assistance of both.
one oar he first carried to the seaman, whowas exhausted and sinking.
placing it under his arms, he then swam withthe other to captain carrington, who could not have remained above waterbut a few seconds more without the timely relief.
he then quietly swamby the side of captain carrington, without any attempt at extraexertion.
the boat was soon lowered down, and in a few minutes they were all threeagain on board, and in safety.
captain carrington thanked newton for hisassistance, and acknowledged his error to the first lieutenant.
theofficers and men looked upon newton with respect and increasedgood-will; and the sailors declared that the captain was a prime littlefellow, although he hadn't had an "edication."
nothing worthy of remark occurred during the remainder of the passage.
the ship arrived at plymouth, and newton took leave of his friendlyshipmates, captain carrington requesting that newton would command anyinterest that he had, if ever it should be required.
it was with athrobbing heart that newton descended from the outside of the coachwhich conveyed him to liverpool, and hastened towards the obscure streetin which he left his father residing.
it was about four o'clock in theafternoon when newton arrived at his father's door.
to his delight, heperceived through the shop-window that his father was sitting at hisbench; but his joy was checked when he perceived his haggardcountenance.
the old man appeared to be absorbed in deep thought, hischeek resting upon his hand, and his eyes cast down upon the littlebench, to which the vice used to be fixed, but from which it was nowremoved.
the door was ajar, and newton entered with his portmanteau in his hand;but whatever noise he might have made was not sufficient to rousenicholas, who continued in the same position.
with one glance round the shop, newton perceived that it was bare ofeverything; even the glazed cases on the counter, which contained thespectacles, &c., had disappeared.
all bespoke the same tale, as did theappearance of his father--misery and starvation.
"my dearest father!"
cried newton, unable to contain himself any longer.
cried nicholas, starting at the voice, but not lookinground.
nonsense!--he's dead," continued the old man, communingwith himself, as he again settled into his former position.
"my dearest father, i'm not dead!--look round--'tis newton!
replied the old man, rising from his stool, and tottering tothe counter, which was between them, on which he laid both his hands tosupport himself, as he looked into his son's face.
"'tis newton, sureenough!
my dear, dear boy!--then you an't dead?"
"no, indeed, father; i am alive and well, thank god!"
"thank god, too!"
said nicholas, dropping his face on the counter, andbursting into tears.
newton sprang over to the side where his father was, and embraced him.
for some time they were locked in each other's arms; when nicholas, whohad recovered his composure, looked at newton, and said, "are youhungry, my dear boy?"
"yes, indeed i am," replied newton, smiling, as the tears coursed downhis cheeks; "for i have had nothing since breakfast."
"and i have had nothing for these two days," replied nicholas, leaningback to the wall in evident exhaustion.
you don't say so?"
cried newton; "where can i buy somethingready cooked?"
"at the shop round the corner: there's a nice piece of boiled beefthere; i saw it yesterday.
i offered my improvement on the duplex for aslice; but he would not trust me, even for that."
newton ran out, and in a few minutes reappeared with the beef inquestion, some bread, and a pot of porter, with two plates and knivesand forks, which the people had lent him, upon his putting down adeposit.
he had laid them on the counter before his father, who, withoutsaying a word, commenced his repast: the beef disappeared--the breadvanished--the porter-pot was raised to his mouth, and in a moment it wasdry!
"never made a better dinner, newton," observed nicholas: "but i wishthere had been a little more of it."
newton, who had only been a spectator, immediately went out for anothersupply; and on his return assisted his father in its demolition.
"newton," said nicholas, who for a few minutes had relinquished histask, "i've been thinking--that--i should like another slice of thatbeef!
and newton, as i said before--i'll trouble you for the porter!"
"orlando--then forbear your food a little while,  while, like a doe, i go to find my fawn,  and give it food.
there is a poor old man  oppressed with two weak evils, age and hunger."
reader, were you ever really hungry?
i do not mean the common hungerarising from health and exercise, and which you have the means ofappeasing at the moment, when it may be considered a source of pleasurerather than of pain:--i refer to the gnawing of starvation; because, ifyou have not been, you can form no conception of the agony of thesuffering.
fortunately, but very few of my readers can have anyknowledge of it; the general sympathy which it creates is from an ideal,not a practical knowledge.
it has been my lot during the vicissitudes ofa maritime life to have suffered hunger to extremity; and althoughimpossible to express the corporeal agony, yet some notion of it may beconceived from the effect it had upon my mind.
i felt that i hated thewhole world, kin or no kin; that theft was a virtue, murder excusable,and cannibalism anything but disgusting; from which the inference may besafely drawn, viz., that i was devilish hungry.
i mention this, because nicholas forster, although he had been two dayswithout food, and had disposed of every article which was saleable, wasendued with so much strength of principle as not to have thought (or ifhe _had_ thought of it, immediately to have dismissed the thought) ofvending the property found in the trunk by his son, and which hadremained so long in their possession.
that few would have been soscrupulous, i will acknowledge: whether nicholas was over-scrupulous,is a question i leave to be debated by those who are fond of argument.
ionly state the fact.
until the arrival of the ship brought home by mr berecroft, theallotment of newton's wages had been regularly paid to his father; butwhen the owner discovered that the brig had parted company with theconvoy, and had not since been heard of, the chance of capture wasconsidered so great that the owner refused to advance any more onnewton's account.
nicholas was thus thrown upon his own resources, whichwere as small as they well could be.
the crew of the brig, who quittedher in the boat, were picked up by a homeward-bound vessel, and broughtwhat was considered the certain intelligence of jackson and newtonhaving perished on the wreck.
nicholas, who had frequently called at theowner's since his allowance had been stopped, to obtain tidings of hisson, was overwhelmed with the intelligence of his death.
he returned tohis own house, and never called there again.
mr berecroft, who wished tofind him out and relieve him, could not ascertain in what quarter of thetown he resided, and shortly after was obliged to proceed upon anothervoyage.
thus was the poor optician left to his fate; and it is probablethat, but for the fortunate return of newton, it would soon have beenmiserably decided.
newton was much pleased when he learnt from his father that he had notdisposed of the property which he had picked up at sea, for he now feltassured that he had discovered the owner at guadaloupe, and intended totransmit it to m. de fontanges as soon as he could find a safeconveyance; but this at present was not practicable.
as soon as hisfather had been re-established in his several necessities and comforts,newton, aware that his purse would not last for ever, applied to theowner of the brig for employment; but he was decidedly refused.
the lossof the vessel had soured his temper against anyone who had belonged toher.
he replied that he considered newton to be an unlucky person, andmust decline his sailing in any of his vessels, even if a vacancy shouldoccur.
to every other application made elsewhere, newton met with the same illfortune.
mr berecroft was not there to recommend or to assist him, andmonths passed away in anxious expectation of his patron's return, whenthe intelligence was brought home that he had been carried off byyellow-fever, which that year had been particularly malignant and fatal.
the loss of his only protector was a heavy blow to poor newton; but hebore up against his fortune and redoubled his exertions.
as before, hecould always obtain employment before the mast; but this he refused,knowing that if again impressed, however well he might be off himself,and however fortunate in prize-money, his father would be leftdestitute, and in all probability be starved before he could return.
therecollection of the situation in which he had found him on his returnfrom the west indies made newton resolve not to leave his father withoutsome surety of his being provided with the means of subsistence.
he wasnot without some employment, and earned sufficient for their mutualmaintenance by working as a rigger on board of the ships fitting forsea; and he adhered to this means of livelihood until something bettershould present itself.
had newton been alone in the world, or his fatherable to support himself, he would have immediately applied to captaincarrington to receive him in some capacity on board of his frigate, orhave entered on board of some other man-of-war.
newton's heart was toogenerous, and his mind too truly english, not to bound when he read orheard of the gallant encounters between the vessels of the rivalnations, and he longed to be one of the many thousands so diligentlyemployed in twining the wreath of laurel round their country's brow.
nearly one year of constant fatigue, constant expectation, and constantdisappointment was thus passed away; affairs grew daily worse,employment scarce, money scarcer.
newton, who had been put off fromreceiving his wages until the ensuing day, which, as they had no credit,was in fact putting off their dinner also to the morrow, went home, anddropped on a chair in a despondent mood, at the table where nicholas wasalready seated.
"well, newton, what's for dinner?"
said nicholas, drawing his chairclose to the table in preparation.
"i have not been paid the money due to me," replied newton; "and,father, i'm afraid there's nothing."
nicholas backed his chair from the table again, with an air ofresignation, as newton continued:"indeed, father, i think we must try our fortune elsewhere.
what's theuse of staying where we cannot get employment?
everything is now gone,except our wearing apparel.
we might raise some money upon mine, it istrue; but had we not better, before we spend it, try if fortune will bemore favourable to us in some other place?"
"why, yes, newton, i've been thinking that if we were to go to london,my improvement on the duplex--""is that our only chance there, sir?"
replied newton, half smiling.
"why no; now i think of it, i've a brother there, john forster, or jack,as we used to call him.
it's near thirty years since i heard of him; butsomebody told me, when you were in the west indies, that he had become agreat lawyer, and was making a large fortune.
i quite forgot thecircumstance till just now."
newton had before heard his father mention that he had two brothers, butwhether dead or alive he could not tell.
the present intelligenceappeared to hold out some prospect of relief, for newton could not for amoment doubt that if his uncle was in such flourishing circumstances, hewould not refuse assistance to his brother.
he therefore resolved not towait until their means were totally exhausted: the next day he disposedof all his clothes except one suit, and found himself richer than hehad imagined.
having paid his landlord the trifle due for rent, withoutany other incumbrance than the packet of articles picked up in the trunkat sea, three pounds sterling in his pocket, and the ring of madame defontanges on his little finger, newton, with his father, set off on footfor the metropolis.
"i labour to diffuse the important good  till this great truth by all be understood,  that all the pious duty which we owe  our parents, friends, our country, and our god,  the seeds of every virtue here below,  from discipline and early culture grow."
the different chapters of a novel remind me of a convoy of vessels.
theincidents and _dramatis personæ_ are so many respective freights, allunder the charge of the inventor, who, like a man-of-war, must see themall safely, and together, into port.
and as the commanding officer, whentowing one vessel which has lagged behind up to the rest, finds that inthe meantime another has dropped nearly out of sight, and is obliged tocast off the one in tow, to perform the same necessary duty towards thesternmost, so am i necessitated for the present to quit nicholas andnewton, while i run down to edward forster and his _protégée_.
it must be recollected that, during our narrative, "time has rolled hisceaseless course," and season has succeeded season, until the infant, inits utter helplessness to lift its little hands for succour, has sprungup into a fair blue-eyed little maiden of nearly eight years old, lightas a fairy in her proportions, bounding as a fawn in her gait; her eyesbeaming with joy, and her cheeks suffused with the blush of health, whentripping over the sea-girt hills; meek and attentive when listening tothe precepts of her fond and adopted parent.
"faithful," the newfoundland dog, is no more, but his portrait hangsover the mantel-piece in the little parlour.
mrs beazely, thehousekeeper, has become inert and querulous from rheumatism and theburden of added years.
a little girl, daughter of robertson, thefisherman, has been called in to perform her duties, while she basks inthe summer's sun or hangs over the winter's fire.
edward forster's wholeemployment and whole delight has long been centred in his darling child,whose beauty of person, quickness of intellect, generous disposition,and affectionate heart, amply repay him for his kind protection.
of all chapters which can be ventured upon, one upon education isperhaps the most tiresome.
most willingly would i pass it over, not onlyfor the reader's sake, but for mine own; for his--because it cannot wellbe otherwise than dry and uninteresting; for mine--because i do notexactly know how to write it.
but this cannot be.
amber was not brought up according to the prescribedmaxims of mesdames appleton and hamilton; and as effects cannot besatisfactorily comprehended without the causes are made known, so itbecomes necessary, not only that the chapter should be written, but,what is still more vexatious, absolutely necessary that it should beread.
before i enter upon this most unpleasant theme--unpleasant to allparties, for no one likes to teach, and no one likes to learn,--i cannothelp remarking how excessively _au fait_ we find most elderly maidenladies upon every point connected with the rearing of our unprofitablespecies.
they are erudite upon every point _ab ovo_, and it would appearthat their peculiar knowledge of the _theory_ can but arise from theirattentions having never been diverted by the _practice_.
let it be the teeming mother or the new-born babe--the teething infantor the fractious child--the dirty, pinafored urchin or sampler-spoilinggirl--school-boy lout or sapling miss--voice-broken, self-admiringhobby-de-hoy, or expanding conscious and blushing maiden, the wholearcana of nature and of art has been revealed to them alone.
let it be the scarlet fever or a fit of passion, the measles or ashocking fib--whooping-cough or apple-stealing--learning too slow oreating too fast--slapping a sister or clawing a brother--let the diseasebe bodily or mental, they alone possess the panacea; and bloomingmatrons, spreading out in their pride, like the anxious clucking hen,over their numerous encircling offspring, who have borne them with amother's throes, watched over them with a mother's anxious mind, andreared them with a mother's ardent love, are considered to be whollyincompetent, in the opinion of these dessicated and barren branches ofnature's stupendous, ever-bearing tree.
mrs beazely, who had lost her husband soon after marriage, was not fondof children, as they interfered with her habits of extreme neatness.
asfar as amber's education was concerned, all we can say is, that if theold housekeeper did no good, she certainly did her no harm.
as amberincreased in years and intelligence, so did her thirst for knowledge ontopics upon which mrs beazely was unable to give her any correctinformation.
under these circumstances, when applied to, mrs beazely,who was too conscientious to mislead the child, was accustomed to placeher hand upon her back, and complain of the rheumatiz--"such a stitch,my dear love, can't talk now--ask your pa when he comes home."
edward forster had maturely weighed the difficulties of the chargeimposed upon him, that of educating a female.
the peculiarity of hersituation, without a friend in the wide world except himself; and hisdays, in all probability, numbered to that period at which she wouldmost require an adviser--that period, when the heart rebels against thehead and too often overthrows the legitimate dynasty of reason,determined him to give a masculine character to her education, as mostlikely to prove the surest safeguard through a deceitful world.
aware that more knowledge is to be imparted to a child by conversationthan by any other means (for by this system education is divested of itsdrudgery), during the first six years of her life amber knew little morethan the letters of the alphabet.
it was not until her desire ofinformation was excited to such a degree as to render her anxious toobtain her own means of acquiring it that amber was taught to read; andthen it was at her own request.
edward forster was aware that a child ofsix years old, willing to learn, would soon pass by another who had beendrilled to it at an earlier age and against its will, and whose mind hadbeen checked in its expansive powers by the weight which constantlyoppressed its infant memory.
until the above age, the mind of amber hadbeen permitted to run as unconfined through its own little regions offancy, as her active body had been allowed to spring up the adjacenthills--and both were equally beautified and strengthened by the healthyexercise.
religion was deeply impressed upon her grateful heart; but it wassimplified almost to unity, that it might be clearly understood.
it wasconveyed to her through the glorious channel of nature, and god wasloved and feared from the contemplation and admiration of his works.
did amber fix her eyes upon the distant ocean, or watch the rolling ofthe surf; did they wander over the verdant hills, or settle on thebeetling cliff; did she raise her cherub-face to the heavens, and wonderat the studded firmament of stars, or the moon sailing in her coldbeauty, or the sun blinding her in his warmth and splendour;--she knewthat it was god who made them all.
did she ponder over the variety ofthe leaf; did she admire the painting of the flower, or watch themotions of the minute insect, which, but for her casual observation,might have lived and died unseen;--she felt, she knew that all was madefor man's advantage or enjoyment, and that god was great and good.
herorisons were short, but they were sincere; unlike the child who, nightand morning, stammers through a "belief" which it cannot comprehend,and whose ideas of religion are, from injudicious treatment, too soonconnected with feelings of impatience and disgust.
curiosity has been much abused.
from a habit we have contracted in thisworld of not calling things by their right names, it has been decried asa vice, whereas it ought to have been classed as a virtue.
had adamfirst discovered the forbidden fruit he would have tasted it, without,like eve, requiring the suggestions of the devil to urge him on todisobedience.
but if by curiosity was occasioned the fall of man, it isthe same passion by which he is spurred to rise again, and reappear onlyinferior to the deity.
the curiosity of little minds may be impertinent;but the curiosity of great minds is the thirst for knowledge--the daringof our immortal powers--the enterprise of the soul, to raise itselfagain to its original high estate.
it was curiosity which stimulated thegreat newton to search into the laws of heaven, and enabled hismaster-mind to translate the vast mysterious page of nature, ever beforeour eyes since the creation of the world, but never, till he appeared,to be read by mortal man.
it is this passion which must be nurtured inour childhood, for upon its healthy growth and vigour depends the futureexpansion of the mind.
how little money need be expended to teach a child, and yet what aquantity of books we have to pay for!
amber had hardly ever looked intoa book, and yet she knew more, that is, had more general usefulknowledge than others who were twice her age.
how small was edwardforster's little parlour--how humble the furniture it contained!--acarpet, a table, a few chairs, a small china vase, as an ornament, onthe mantel-piece.
how few were the objects brought to amber's view intheir small secluded home!
the plates and knives for dinner, a silverspoon or two, and their articles of wearing apparel.
yet how endless,how inexhaustible was the amusement and instruction derived from thesetrifling sources!--for these were forster's books.
the carpet--its hempen ground carried them to the north, from whencethe material came, the inhabitants of the frozen world, their mannersand their customs, the climate and their cities, their productions andtheir sources of wealth.
its woollen surface, with its variousdyes--each dye containing an episode of an island or a state, a point ofnatural history, or of art and manufacture.
the mahogany table, like some magic vehicle, transported them in asecond to the torrid zone, where the various tropical flowers and fruit,the towering cocoa-nut, the spreading palm, the broad-leaved banana, thefragrant pine--all that was indigenous to the country, all that waspeculiar in the scenery and the clime, were pictured to the imaginationof the delighted amber.
the little vase upon the mantel-piece swelled into a splendid atlas ofeastern geography, an inexhaustible folio describing indian customs, theasiatic splendour of costume, the gorgeous thrones of the descendants ofthe prophet, the history of the prophet himself, the superior instinctand stupendous body of the elephant; all that edward forster hadcollected of nature or of art, through these extensive regions, weresuccessively displayed, until they returned to china, from whence theyhad commenced their travels.
thus did the little vase, like the vesseltaken up by the fisherman in the "arabian nights," contain a giantconfined by the seal of solomon--knowledge.
the knife and spoon brought food unto the mind as well as to the body.
the mines were entered, the countries pointed out in which they were tobe found, the various metals, their value, and the uses to which theywere applied.
the dress again led them abroad; the cotton hung in podsupon the tree, the silkworm spun its yellow tomb, all the process ofmanufacture was explained.
the loom again was worked by fancy, until thearticle in comment was again produced.
thus was amber instructed and amused: and thus, with nature for hishornbook, and art for his primer, did the little parlour of edwardforster expand into the "universe."
"----they boast  their noble birth: conduct us to the tombs  of their forefathers, and from age to age  ascending, trumpet their illustrious race."
devoted as he was to the instruction of his adopted child, edward forsterwas nevertheless aware that more was required in the education of a femalethan he was competent to fulfil.
many and melancholy were his reveries onthe forlorn prospects of the little girl (considering his own precariouslife and the little chance that appeared of restoring her to her friendsand relations), still he resolved that all that could should be done; theissue he left to providence.
that she might not be cast wholly unknown uponthe world, in case of his death, he had often taken amber to a neighbouringmansion, with the owner of which, lord aveleyn, he had long been onfriendly terms; although, until latterly, he had declined mixing with thesociety which was there collected.
many years before, the possessor hadentered the naval service, and had, during the few months that he hadserved in the capacity of midshipman, been intrusted to the charge ofedward forster.
it is a curious fact, although little commented upon, how much societyin general is affected by the entailment of property in aristocraticalfamilies upon the male heir; we may add, how much it is demoralised.
theeldest son, accustomed from his earliest days to the flattery andadulation of dependents, is impressed with but one single idea, namely,that he is the fortunate person deputed by chance to spend so manythousands per annum, and that his brothers and sisters, with equalclaims upon their parent, are to be almost dependent upon him forsupport.
of this, the latter are but too soon made conscious, by thedifference of treatment which they experience from those around them;and feelings of envy and ill-will towards their eldest brother are buttoo often the result of such inequality.
thus, one of the greatestcharms of life, unity between brethren, is destroyed.
the possessor of the title and the estates is at last borne to his longhome, there to lie until summoned before that presence where he, andthose who were kings, and those who were clowns, will stand trembling aserring men, awaiting the fiat of eternal justice.
in his turn, the younglord revels in his youth.
then how much more trying is the situation of the younger brothers.
during their father's lifetime they had a home, and were brought up inscenes and with ideas commensurate with the fortune which had beenentailed.
now, they find themselves thrown upon the world, without themeans of support, even adequate to their wants.
like the steward in theparable, "they cannot dig, to beg they are ashamed;" and, like him, theytoo often resort to unworthy means to supply their exigencies.
should the young heir prove sickly, what speculations on his demise!
theworldly stake is so enormous that the ties of nature are dissolved, anda brother rejoices at a brother's death!
one generation is notsufficient to remove these feelings; the barrenness of his marriage-bed,or the weakly state of his children, are successively speculated upon bythe presumptive heir.
let it not be supposed that i would infer thisalways to be the fact.
i have put the extreme case, to point out whatmust ensue, according to the feelings of our nature, if care is nottaken to prevent its occurrence.
there is a cruelty, a more thancruelty, in parents bringing up their children with ideas which seldomcan be realised, and rendering their future lives a pilgrimage of miseryand discontent, if not of depravity.
but the major part of our aristocracy are neither deficient in talentnor in worth.
they set a bright example to the nobles of othercountries, and very frequently even to the less demoralised society ofour own.
trammelled by the deeds of their forefathers, they employ everymeans in their power to remedy the evil; and a large proportion oftheir younger branches find useful and honourable employment in thearmy, the navy, or the church.
but their numbers cannot all be providedfor by these channels; and it is the country at large which is taxed tosupply the means of sustenance to the younger scions of nobility--taxeddirectly in the shape of place and sinecure, indirectly in various ways;but in no way so heavily as by the monopoly of the east india company,which has so long been permitted to oppress the nation, that these_detrimentals_ (as they have named themselves), may be provided for.
itis a well-known fact, that there is hardly a peer in the upper house, ormany representatives of the people in the lower, who are not, or whoanticipate to be, under some obligation to this company, by theirrelations or connections being provided for in those distant climes; andit is this bribery (for bribery it is, in whatever guise it may appear)that upholds one of the most glaring, the most oppressive of allmonopolies, in the face of common sense, common justice, and commondecency.
other taxes are principally felt by the higher and middlingclasses; but this most odious, this most galling tax, is felt even inthe cottage of the labourer, who cannot return to refresh himself afterhis day of toil with his favourite beverage, without paying twice itsvalue out of his hard-earned pittance, to swell the dividend of thecompany, and support these _pruriencies_ of noble blood.
and yet, deprecating the evils arising from the system of entail, i mustacknowledge that there are no other means by which (in a monarchicalgovernment) the desirable end of upholding rank is to be obtained.
iremember once, when conversing with an american, i inquired after one ortwo of his countrymen, who, but a few years before, were of great wealthand influence.
to one of my remarks he answered, "in our country, allthe wealth and power at the time attached to it does not prevent a namefrom sinking into insignificance, or from being forgotten soon after itspossessor is dead, for we do not entail property.
the distributionscatters the amassed heap, by which the world around him had beenattracted; and although the distribution tends to the generalfertilisation of the country, yet with the disappearance, the influenceof the possessor, and even his name, are soon forgotten."
these remarks, as will appear in the sequel, are apposite to the partieswhom i am about to introduce to the readers.
as, however, they arepeople of some consequence, it may appear to be a want of due respect onmy part, if i were to introduce them at the fag-end of a chapter.
"'twas his the vast and trackless deep to rove.
alternate change of climates has he known,   and felt the fierce extremes of either zone,   where polar skies congeal th' eternal snow,   or equinoctial suns for ever glow;   smote by the freezing or the scorching blast,   a ship-boy on the high and giddy mast."
the father of the present lord aveleyn had three sons, and, inconformity with the usages commented upon in the preceding chapter, thetwo youngest were condemned to the army and navy; the second, who hadpriority of choice, being dismissed to gather laurels in a red coat,while the third was recommended to do the same, if he could, in a suitof blue.
fairly embarked in their several professions, a sum of fiftypounds per annum was placed in the hands of their respective agents, andno more was thought about a pair of "detrimentals."
lord aveleyn's father, who had married late in life, was summoned awaywhen the eldest brother of the present lord aveleyn, the heir, was yet aminor, about two years after he had embarked in the ship to which edwardforster belonged.
now it was the will of providence that, about sixmonths after the old nobleman's decease, the young lord and his secondbrother, who had obtained a short furlough, should most unadvisedlyembark in a small sailing boat on the lake close to the mansion, andthat, owing to some mismanagement of the sail, the boat upset, and theywere both drowned.
as soon as the melancholy intelligence was made known to the trustees, aletter was despatched to captain l----, who commanded the ship in whichyoung aveleyn was serving his time, acquainting him with thecatastrophe, and requesting the immediate discharge of the youngmidshipman.
the captain repaired on board; when he arrived on thequarter-deck, he desired the first lieutenant to send down for youngaveleyn.
"he is at the mast-head, sir," replied the first lieutenant, "forneglect of duty."
"really, mr w----," replied the captain, who had witnessed the boy's_ascent_ at least a hundred times before with perfect indifference, andhad often sent him up himself, "you appear to be very sharp upon thatpoor lad; you make no allowance for youth--boys will be boys."
"he's the most troublesome young monkey in the ship, sir," replied thefirst lieutenant, surprised at this unusual interference.
"he has always appeared to me to be a well-disposed, intelligent lad, mrw----; and i wish you to understand that i do not approve of this systemof eternal mast-heading.
however, he will not trouble you any more, ashis discharge is to be immediately made out.
he is now," continued thecaptain, pausing to give more effect to his communication, "lord aveleyn."
now the murder's out," mentally exclaimed the first lieutenant.
"call him down immediately, mr w----, if you please--and recollect that idisapprove of the system."
"certainly, sir; but really, captain l----, i don't know what i shall doif you restrict my power of punishing the young gentlemen; they are soextremely unruly.
there's mr malcolm," continued the first lieutenant,pointing to a youngster who was walking on the other side of the deck,with his hands in his pockets, "it was but yesterday that he chopped offat least four inches from the tail of your dog 'ponto' at the beef-block,and pretends it was an accident."
my setter's tail?"
"yes, sir, he did, i can assure you."
"mr malcolm," cried the captain, in great wrath, "how came you to cutoff my dog's tail?"
before i went to sea i had always considered a london cock-sparrow to bethe truest emblem of consummate impudence; but i have since discoveredthat he is quite modest compared to a midshipman.
replied the youngster, demurely.
"i didn't cut off his tail,sir; he _cut it off himself!_""what, sir?"
roared the captain.
"if you please, sir, i was chopping a piece of beef, and the dog, whowas standing by, turned short round, and put his tail under thechopper."
"put his tail under the chopper, you little scamp!"
replied captain l----,in a fury.
"now just put your head above the maintop-gallant cross-trees,and stay there until you are called down.
mr w----, you'll keep him up tillsunset."
"ay, ay, sir," replied the first lieutenant, with a satisfactory smileat the description of punishment inflicted.
when i was a midshipman, it was extremely difficult to avoid themast-head.
out of six years served in that capacity, i once made acalculation that two of them were passed away perched upon thecross-trees, looking down with calm philosophy upon the microcosm below.
yet, although i _never_ deserved it, i derived much future advantagefrom my repeated punishments.
the mast-head, for want of something_worse_ to do, became my study; and during the time spent there, i in amanner finished my education.
volumes after volumes were perused towhile away the tedious hours; and i conscientiously believe it is tothis mode of punishment adopted by my rigid superiors that the world isindebted for all the pretty books which i am writing.
i was generally exalted either for _thinking_ or _not thinking;_ and asi am not aware of any medium between the active and passive state of ourminds (except dreaming, which is still more unpardonable), the readermay suppose that there is no exaggeration in my previous calculation ofone-third of my midshipman existence having been passed away upon "thehigh and giddy mast."
"mr m----," would the first lieutenant cry out, "why did you stay solong on shore with the jolly-boat?"
"i went to the post-office for the officers' letters, sir."
"and pray, sir, who ordered you?"
"no one, sir; but i _thought_--""you _thought_, sir!
how dare _you think_?--go up to the mast-head,sir."
so much for _thinking_.
"mr m----," would he say at another time, when i came on board, "did youcall at the admiral's office?"
"no, sir; i had no orders.
i didn't _think_--""then why _didn't you think_, sir?
up to the mast-head, and stay theretill i call you down."
so much for _not thinking_.
like the fable of the wolf and the lamb, itwas all the same; bleat as i pleased, my defence was useless, and icould not avert my barbarous doom.
to proceed: captain l---- went over the side; the last pipe had beengiven, and the boatswain had returned his call into his jacket-pocketand walked forward, when the first lieutenant, in pursuance of hisorders, looked up aloft, intending to have hailed the new lord, and haverequested the pleasure of his company on deck; but the youngster,feeling a slight degree of appetite, after enjoying the fresh air forseven hours without any breakfast, had just ventured down the topmastrigging, that he might obtain possession of a bottle of tea and somebiscuit, which one of his messmates had carried up for him, and stowedaway in the bunt of the maintopsail.
young aveleyn, who thought thatthe departure of the captain would occupy the attention of the firstlieutenant, had just descended to, and was placing his foot on thetopsail yard, when mr w---- looked up, and witnessed this act ofdisobedience.
as this was a fresh offence committed, he thought himselfwarranted in not complying with the captain's mandate, and the boy wasordered up again, to remain till sunset.
"i would have called him down,"muttered mr w----, whose temper had been soured from long disappointment;"but since he's a lord, he shall have a good spell of it before he quitsthe service; and then we shall not have his recommendation to others in hisown rank to come into it and interfere with our promotion."
now, it happened that mr w----, who had an eye like a hawk, when he casthis eyes aloft, observed that the bunt of the maintopsail was notexactly so well stowed as it ought to be on board of a man-of-war; whichis not to be wondered at, when it is recollected that the midshipmen hadbeen very busy enlarging it to make a pantry.
he therefore turned thehands up, "mend sails," and took his station amidship on the booms, tosee that this, the most delinquent sail, was properly furled.--"triceup--lay out--all ready forward?"
--"all ready, sir."
--"all ready, sir."
--down came the sails from theyards, and down also came the bottle of tea and biscuit upon the face ofthe first lieutenant, who was looking up; the former knocking out threeof his front teeth, besides splitting open both his lips and chin.
young aveleyn, who witnessed the catastrophe, was delighted; the othermidshipmen on deck crowded round their superior, to offer theircondolements, winking and making faces at each other in by-play, untilthe first lieutenant descended to his cabin, when they no longerrestrained their mirth.
about an hour afterwards, mr w---- reappeared, with his face bound up,and summoned all the young gentlemen on deck, insisting upon beinginformed who it was who had stowed away the bottle in the bunt of thesail; but midshipmen have most treacherous memories, and not one ofthem knew anything about it.
as a last resource, young aveleyn wascalled down from the mast-head.
"now, sir," said mr w----, "either inform me directly who it was whostowed away the bottle aloft, or i pledge you my word you shall bedischarged from his majesty's service to-morrow morning.
don't pretendto say that you don't know--for you must."
"i do know," replied the youngster, boldly; "but i never will tell."
"then either you or i shall leave the service.
man the first cutter;"and when the boat was manned, the first lieutenant sent some papers onshore, which he had been desired to do by the captain.
when the boat returned, the clerk was sent for, and desired by mr w----to make out mr aveleyn's discharge, as the officers and midshipmenthought (for mr w---- had kept his secret), for his disobedient conduct.
the poor boy, who thought all his prospects blighted, was sent on shore,the tears running down his cheeks, as much from the applause and kindfarewells of his shipmates, as from the idea of the degradation which heunderwent.
now, the real culprit was young malcolm, who, to oblige thecaptain, had taken his station at the foretop-gallant mast-head, becausethe dog "ponto" thought proper to cut off his own tail.
the firstlieutenant, in his own woe, forgot that of others; and it was not untilpast nine o'clock at night that malcolm, who thought that he had stayedup quite long enough, ventured below, when he was informed of what hadtaken place.
the youngster immediately penned a letter to the captain, acknowledgingthat he was the offender, and requesting that mr aveleyn might not bedischarged from the service; he also ventured to add a postscript,begging that the same lenity might be extended towards himself; whichletter was sent on shore by the captain's gig, when it left the ship thenext morning, and was received by captain l---- at the very same timethat young aveleyn, who had not been sent on shore till late in theevening, called upon the captain to request a reprieve from his hardsentence.
the boy sent up his name and was immediately admitted.
"i presume you know why you are discharged from the service?"
saidcaptain l----, smiling benignantly.
"yes, sir," replied the boy, holding his head down submissively,"because of that accident--i'm very sorry, sir."
"of course you must, and ought to be.
such heavy blows are not common,and hard to bear.
i presume you go immediately to buckhurst?"
"i suppose i must, sir; but i hope, captain l----, that you'll look overit."
"i shall have very great pleasure in so doing," replied captain l----; "ihear that it is--""thanky, sir, thanky," replied the youngster, interrupting the captain.
"then may i go on board again and tell the first lieutenant?"
"tell the first lieutenant what?"
cried captain l----, perceiving somemistake.
"why, has not mr w----told you?"
"yes, sir, he told me it was your orders that i should be dismissed hismajesty's service."
and i presume he told you why: because yourtwo elder brothers are dead, and you are now lord aveleyn."
cried the youngster with astonishment; "because his threefront teeth are knocked out with a bottle of _scaldchops,_ and i wouldnot peach who stowed it away in the bunt of the sail."
"this is excessively strange!"
replied captain l----.
"do me the favourto sit down, my lord; the letters from the ship will probably explainthe affair."
there was, however, no explanation, except from young malcolm.
thecaptain read his letter, and put it into the hands of lord aveleyn, whoentered into a detail of the whole.
captain l---- produced the letter from the trustees, and, desiring hislordship to command him as to any funds he might require, requested thepleasure of his company to dinner.
the boy, whose head wheeled with thesudden change in his prospects, was glad to retire, having firstobtained permission to return on board with young malcolm's pardon,which had been most graciously acceded to.
to the astonishment ofeverybody on board, young aveleyn came alongside in the captain's owngig, when the scene in the midshipmen's berth and the discomfiture ofthe first lieutenant may be imagined.
"you don't belong to the service, frank," said the old master's mate;"and, as peer of the realm, coming on board to visit the ship, you areentitled to a salute.
send up and say you expect one, and then w----must have the guard up, and pay you proper respect.
i'll be hanged if idon't take the message, if you consent to it."
but lord aveleyn had come on board to pay a debt of gratitude, not toinflict mortification.
he soon quitted the ship, promising never toforget malcolm; and, unlike the promises of most great men, it wasfulfilled, and malcolm rose to be a captain from his own merit, backedby the exertions of his youthful patron.
for the next week the three mast-heads were so loaded with midshipmen,that the boatswain proposed a preventer backstay, that the top-mastsmight not go over the side; but shortly after, captain l----, who wasnot pleased at the falsehood which mr w---- had circulated, and who hadmany other reasons for parting with him, succeeded in having himappointed to another ship; after which the midshipmen walked up and downthe quarter-deck with their hands in their pockets, as before.
"but adeline determined juan's wedding  in her own mind, and that's enough for woman;  but then with whom?
there was the sage miss redding,  miss raw, miss flaw, miss showman and miss knowman,  and the two fair co-heiresses giltbedding.
she deem'd his merits something more than common.
all these were unobjectionable matches,  and might go on, it well wound up, like watches."
the young lord aveleyn returned to the hall of his ancestors, exchangingthe gloomy cockpit for the gay saloon, the ship's allowance forsumptuous fare, the tyranny of his messmates and the harshness of hissuperiors for adulation and respect.
was he happier?
in this world,whether in boyhood or riper years, the happiest state of existence iswhen under control.
although contrary to received opinion, this is afact; but i cannot now stop to demonstrate the truth of the assertion.
life may be compared to a gamut of music: there are seven notes from ourbirth to our marriage; and thus may we run up the first octave--milk,sugar-plums, apples, cricket, cravat, gun, horse; then comes the wife, a_da capo_ to a new existence, which is to continue until the wholediapason is gone through.
lord aveleyn ran up his scale like othersbefore him.
"why do you not marry, my dear frank?"
said the dowager lady aveleyn,one day, when a thick fog debarred her son of his usual pastime.
"why, mother, i have no objection to marry; and i suppose i must, one ofthese days, as a matter of duty: but i really am very difficult toplease; and if i were to make a bad choice, you know a wife is not likethis gun, which will _go off_ when i please."
"but still, my dear frank, there are many very eligible matches to bemade just now."
"i do not doubt it, madam, but pray who are they?"
"why, miss riddlesworth--""a very pretty girl, and i am told a large fortune.
but let me hear theothers first."
"clara beauchamp, well connected, and a very sweet girl."
"granted also, for anything i know to the contrary.
have you more onyour list?"
emily riddlesdale; not much fortune, but very highlyconnected indeed.
her brother, lord riddlesdale, is a man of greatinfluence."
"her want of money is no object, my dear mother, and the influence ofher brother no inducement; i covet neither.
i grant you that she is avery nice girl.
"why, frank, one would think that you were a sultan with hishandkerchief.
there is lady selina armstrong."
"well, she is a very fine girl, and talks well."
"there is harriet butler, who has just come out."
"i saw her at the last ball we were at--a very pretty creature."
"lady jemima calthorpe."
"not very good-looking, but clever and agreeable."
"there is louisa manners, who is very much admired."
"i admire her very much myself."
"well, frank, you have exhausted my catalogue.
there is not one i havementioned who is not unexceptionable, and whom i would gladly embrace asa daughter-in-law.
you are now turned of forty, my dear son, and mustmake up your mind to have heirs to the title and estates.
i am, however,afraid that your admiration is so general, that you will be puzzled inyour choice."
"i will confess to you, my dearest mother, that i have many yearsthought of the necessity of taking to myself a wife, but have never yethad courage to decide.
i admit that if all the young women you havementioned were what they appear to be, a man need not long hesitate inhis choice; but the great difficulty is, that their real tempers anddispositions are not to be ascertained until it is too late.
allow thati should attempt to discover the peculiar disposition of every one ofthem, what would be the consequence?--that my attentions would beperceived.
i do not exactly mean to accuse them of deceit; but a womanis naturally flattered by perceiving herself an object of attraction;and when flattered, is pleased.
it is not likely, therefore, that theinfirmities of her temper (if she have any) should be discovered by aman whose presence is a source of gratification.
if artful, she willconceal her faults; if not so, there will be no occasion to bring them tolight.
and even if, after a long courtship, something wrong should bediscovered, either you have proceeded too far in honour to retract, or areso blinded by your own feelings as to extenuate it.
now, it is only theparents and near relations of a young woman who can be witnesses to herreal character, unless it be, indeed, her own maid, whom one could notcondescend to interrogate."
"that is all very true, frank; but recollect the same observations applyto your sex as well as ours.
lovers and husbands are very differentbeings.
it is quite a lottery on both sides."
"i agree with you, my dear mother; and, as marry i must, so shall it bea lottery with me--i will leave it to chance, and not to myself: then,if i am unfortunate, i will blame my stars, and not have to accusemyself of a want of proper discrimination."
lord aveleyn took up a sheetof paper, and, dividing it into small slips, wrote upon them the namesof the different young ladies proposed by his mother.
folding them up,he threw them on the table before her, and requested that she wouldselect any one of the papers.
the dowager took up one.
"i thank you, madam," said lord aveleyn, taking the paper from her hand,and opening it--"'louisa manners.'
well, then, louisa manners it shall be;always provided that she does not refuse me.
i will make my first advancesthis very afternoon--that is, if it does not clear up, and i can take outthe pointers."
"you surely are joking, frank?"
"never was more serious.
i have my mother's recommendation, backed byfate.
marry i must, but choose i will not.
i feel myself desperately inlove with the fair louisa already.
i will report my progress to you, mydear madam, in less than a fortnight."
lord aveleyn adhered to his singular resolution, courted, and wasaccepted.
he never had reason to repent his choice; who proved to be asamiable as her countenance would have indicated.
the fruits of hismarriage was one son, who was watched over with mingled pride andanxiety, and who had now arrived at the age of fifteen years.
such was the history of lord avelyn, who continued to extend hisfriendship to edward forster, and, if he had required it, would gladlyhave proffered his assistance, in return for the kindness which forsterhad shown towards him when he was a midshipman.
the circumstancesconnected with the history of the little amber were known to lordaveleyn and his lady; and the wish of forster, that his little chargeshould derive the advantage of mixing in good female society, was gladlyacceded to, both on his account and on her own.
amber would often remainfor days at the mansion, and was a general favourite, as well as anobject of sympathy.
but the growth of their son, too rapid for his years, and which broughtwith it symptoms of pulmonary disease, alarmed lord and lady aveleyn;and, by the advice of the physicians, they broke up their establishment,and hastened with him to madeira, to re-establish his health.
theirdeparture was deeply felt both by forster and his charge; and beforethey could recover from the loss, another severe trial awaited them inthe death of mrs beazely, who, full of years and rheumatism, wasgathered to her fathers.
forster, habituated as he was to the old lady,felt her loss severely: he was now with amber, quite alone; and it sohappened that in the following winter his wound broke out, and confinedhim to his bed until the spring.
as he lay in a precarious state, the thought naturally occurred to him,"what will become of this poor child if i am called away?
there is notthe slightest provision for her: she has no friends, and i have not evenmade it known to any of my own that there is such a person inexistence."
edward forster thought of his brother, the lawyer, whom heknew still to be flourishing, although he had never corresponded withhim; and resolved that, as soon as he was able to undertake the journey,he would go to town, and secure his interest for the little amber, incase of any accident happening to himself.
the spring and summer passed away before he found himself strong enoughto undertake the journey.
it was late in the autumn that edward forsterand amber took their places in a heavy coach for the metropolis, andarrived without accident on the day or two subsequent to that on whichnicholas and newton had entered it on foot.
"through coaches, drays, choked turnpikes, and a whirl  of wheels, and roar of voices, and confusion,  here taverns wooing to a pint of 'purl,'  there mails fast flying off, like a delusion.
"through this, and much, and more, is the approach  of travellers to mighty babylon;  whether they come by horse, or chair, or coach,  with slight exceptions, all the ways seem one."
when newton forster and his father arrived at london, they put up at anobscure inn in the borough.
the next day, newton set off to discover theresidence of his uncle.
the people of the inn had recommended him toapply to some stationer or bookseller, who would allow him to look overa red-book; and, in compliance with these instructions, newton stoppedat a shop in fleet-street, on the doors of which was written in largegilt letters--"law bookseller."
the young men in the shop were verycivil and obliging, and, without referring to the "guide," immediatelytold him the residence of a man so well known as his uncle, and newtonhastened in the direction pointed out.
it was one of those melancholy days in which london wears the appearanceof a huge scavenger's cart.
a lurid fog and mizzling rain, which hadbeen incessant for the previous twenty-four hours; sloppy pavements, andkennels down which the muddy torrents hastened to precipitate themselvesinto the sewers below; armies of umbrellas, as far as the eye couldreach, now rising, now lowering, to avoid collision; hackney-coaches inactive sloth, their miserable cattle plodding along with their backsarched and heads and tails drooping like barndoor fowls crouching underthe cataract of a gutter; clacking of pattens and pestering of sweepers;not a smile upon the countenance of one individual of the multitudewhich passed him;--all appeared anxiety, bustle, and selfishness.
newtonwas not sorry when he turned down the narrow court which had beenindicated to him, and, disengaged from the throng of men, commenced amore rapid course.
in two minutes he was at the door of his uncle'schambers, which, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, stoodwide open, as if there should be no obstacle in a man's way, or a singlemoment for reflection allowed him, if he wished to entangle himself inthe expenses and difficulties of the law.
newton furled his weepingumbrella; and, first looking with astonishment at the mud which hadaccumulated above the calves of his legs, raised his eyes to the jambson each side, where in large letters he read at the head of a long listof occupants, "mr forster, ground floor."
a door with mr forster's nameon it, within a few feet of him, next caught his eye.
he knocked, andwas admitted by the clerk, who stated that his master was at aconsultation, but was expected back in half-an-hour, if he could wait solong.
newton assented, and was ushered into the parlour, where the clerkpresented the newspaper of the day to amuse him until the arrival of hisuncle.
as soon as the door was closed, newton's curiosity as to the characterof his uncle induced him to scrutinise the apartment and its contents.
in the centre of the room, which might have been about fourteen feetsquare, stood a table, with a shadow lamp placed before the only part ofit which was left vacant for the use of the pen.
the remainder of thespace was loaded with parchment upon parchment, deed upon deed, paperupon paper.
some, especially those underneath, had become dark anddiscoloured by time; the ink had changed to a dull red, and the imprintof many a thumb inferred how many years they had been in existence, andhow long they had lain there as sad mementos of the law's delay.
otherswere fresh and clean, the japanned ink in strong contrast with theglossy parchment,--new cases of litigation, fresh as the hopes of thosewho had been persuaded by flattering assurances to enter into alabyrinth of vexation, from which, perhaps, not to be extricated untilthese documents should assume the hue of the others, which silentlyindicated the blighted hopes of protracted litigation.
two massive ironchests occupied the walls on each side of the fireplace; and round thewhole area of the room were piled one upon another large tin boxes, onwhich, in legible roman characters, were written the names of theparties whose property was thus immured.
there they stood like so manysepulchres of happiness, mausoleums raised over departed competence;while the names of the parties inscribed appeared as so many registersof the folly and contention of man.
but from all this newton could draw no other conclusion than that hisuncle had plenty of business.
the fire in the grate was on so small ascale, that, although he shivered with the wet and cold, newton wasafraid to stir it, lest it should go out altogether.
from thiscircumstance he drew a hasty and unsatisfactory conclusion that hisuncle was not very partial to spending his money.
but he hardly had time to draw these inferences and then take up thenewspaper, when the door opened, and another party was ushered into theroom by the clerk, who informed him, as he handed a chair, that mrforster would return in a few minutes.
the personage thus introduced was a short young man, with a round face,bushy eyebrows, and dogged countenance, implying wilfulness withoutill-nature.
as soon as he entered, he proceeded to divest his throat of alarge shawl, which he hung over the back of a chair; then doffing his greatcoat, which was placed in a similar position, he rubbed his hands, andwalked up to the fire, into which he insinuated the poker, and immediatelydestroyed the small symptoms of combustion which remained, reducing thewhole to one chaos of smoke.
"better have left it alone, i believe," observed he, reinserting thepoker, and again stirring up the black mass, for the fire was nowvirtually defunct.
"you're not cold, i hope, sir?"
said the party, turning to newton.
"no, sir, not very," replied newton, good humouredly.
"i thought so; clients never are: nothing like law for _keeping youwarm,_ sir.
always bring on your cause in the winter months.
i do, if ican; for it's positive suffocation in the dog-days!"
"i really never was _at law,_" replied newton, laughing; "but if ever ihave the misfortune, i shall recollect your advice."
"never was at law!
i was going to say, what the devil brings you here?
but that would have been an impertinent question.
well, sir, do youknow, there was a time at which i never knew what law was," continuedthe young man, seating himself in a chair opposite to newton.
"it wasmany years ago, when i was a younger brother, and had no property: noone took the trouble to go to law with me; for if they gained theircause, there were no effects.
within the last six years i have inheritedconsiderable property, and am always in hot water.
i heard that thelawyers say, 'causes produce effects.'
i am sure i can say that 'effectshave produced causes!'"
"i am sorry that your good fortune should be coupled with such a drawback."
"oh, it's nothing!
it's just to a man what a clog is to a horse in afield--you know pretty well where to find him.
i'm so used to it--indeedso much so, that i should feel rather uncomfortable if i had nothing onmy hands: just keeps me from being idle.
i've been into every court inthe metropolis, and have no fault to find with one of them, except thecourt of r------ts."
"and pray, sir, what is that court, and the objection you have to it?"
"why, as to the court, it's the most confounded ras------; but i must becareful how i speak before strangers: you'll excuse me, sir; not that isuspect you, but i know what may be considered as a libel.
i shall,therefore, just state that it is a court at which no gentleman canappear; and if he does, it's of no use, for he'll never get a verdict inhis favour."
"what, then it is not a court of justice?"
"court of justice!
no, it's a court for the recovery of small debts; buti'll just tell you, sir, exactly what took place with me in that court,and then you will be able to judge for yourself.
i had a dog, sir; itwas just after i came into my property; his name was cæsar, and a verygood dog he was.
well, sir, riding out one day about four miles fromtown, a rabbit put his nose out of a cellar, where they retailedpotatoes.
cæsar pounced upon him, and the rabbit was dead in a moment.
the man who owned the rabbit and the potatoes, came up to me and askedmy name, which i told him; at the same time i expressed my sorrow at theaccident, and advised him in future to keep his rabbits in hutches.
hesaid he would, and demanded three shillings and sixpence for the onewhich the dog had killed.
now, although he was welcome to advice, moneywas quite another thing; so he went one way muttering something aboutlaw, and i another, with cæsar at my heels, taking no notice of histhreat.
well, sir, in a few days my servant came up to say that somebodywished to see me upon _particular_ business, and i ordered him to beshown up.
it was a blackguard-looking fellow, who put a piece of dirtypaper in my hand; summoned me to appear at some dog-hole or another, iforget where.
not understanding the business, i enclosed it to a legalfriend, who returned an answer, that it was a summons to the court ofr----ts; that no gentleman could go there; and that i had better letthe thing take its course.
i had forgotten all about it, when, in a fewdays, a piece of paper was brought to me, by which i found that thecourt adjudged me to pay £1 2s.
6d., for damages and costs.
i asked whobrought it, and was told it was the son of the potato-merchant,accompanied by a tipstaff.
i requested the pleasure of their company,and asked the legal gentleman what it was for.
"'eighteen shillings for ten rabbits destroyed by your dog, and 4s.
for costs of court.'
exclaimed i; 'why, he only killed one.'
"'yes, sir,' squeaked out the young potato-merchant; 'but it was a doerabbit in the family way; we counted nine young ones, all killed too!'
'pray, sir, did your father tell the court thatthe rabbits were not born?'
"'no, sir; father only said there was one doe rabbit and nine littleones killed.
he asked 4s.
for the old one, but only 1s.
a-piecefor the young ones.'
"'you should have been there yourself, sir,' observed the tipstaff.
"'i wish cæsar had left the rabbit alone.
so it appears,' replied i, 'heonly asked 3s.
at first; but by this _cæsarean operation_, i amnineteen shillings out of pocket.'
--now, sir, what do you think ofthat?"
"i think that you should exclaim against the dishonesty of thepotato-merchant, rather than the judgment of the court.
had you defendedyour own cause, you might have had justice."
"i don't know that.
a man makes a claim against another, and takes hisoath to it; you must then either disprove it, or pay the sum; your ownoath is of no avail against his.
i called upon my legal friend, and toldhim how i had been treated, and he then narrated the followingcircumstance, which will explain what i mean:--"he told me that he never knew of but one instance in which arespectable person had gained his cause, and in which, he was ashamed tosay, that he was a party implicated.
the means resorted to were asfollows:--a jew upholsterer sent in a bill to a relation of his for achest of drawers, which had never been purchased or received.
refusingto pay, he was summoned to the court of r----ts.
not knowing how toact, he applied to my informant, who, being under some obligations tohis relative, did not like to refuse.
"'i am afraid that you will have to pay,' said the attorney to hisrelation, when he heard the story.
"'but i never had them, i can swear to it.'
"'that's of no consequence; he will bring men to swear to the delivery.
there are hundreds about the court who are ready to take any oath, athalf a crown a-head; and that will be sufficient.
but, to oblige you, iwill see what i can do.'
"they parted, and, in a day or two my legal acquaintance called upon hisrelation, and told him that he had gained his cause.
'rather at theexpense of my conscience, i must acknowledge,' continued he; 'but onemust fight these scoundrels with their own weapons.'
"'well, and how was it?'
inquired the other.
"'why, as i prophesied, he brought three men forward, who swore to thedelivery of the goods.
aware that this would be the case, i had providedthree others, who swore to their having been witness to the _payment ofthe bill_!
this he was not prepared for; and the verdict was given inyour favour.'"
"is it possible," exclaimed newton, "that such a court of belial can existin england?"
"even so; and as there is no appeal, pray keep out of it.
for my--"but here the conversation was interrupted by the entrance of mr johnforster, who had returned from his consultation.
we have already described mr john forster's character; we have now only tointroduce his person.
mr john forster was about the middle height, ratherinclined to corpulency, but with great show of muscular strength.
his blacknether garments and silk stockings fitted a leg which might have beenenvied by a porter, and his breadth of shoulder was extreme.
he had aslouch, probably contracted by long poring over the desk; and his addresswas as abrupt as his appearance was unpolished.
his forehead was large andbald, eye small and brilliant, and his cheeks had dropped down so as toincrease the width of his lower jaw.
deep, yet not harsh, lines wereimprinted on the whole of his countenance, which indicated inflexibilityand self-possession.
"good morning, gentlemen," said he, as he entered the room; "i hope youhave not been waiting long.
may i request the pleasure of knowing whocame first?
'first come, first served,' is an old motto."
"i _believe_ this gentleman came first," replied the young man.
"don't you _know_, sir?
is it only a _believe_?"
"i did arrive first, sir," said newton; "but as i am not here upon legalbusiness, i had rather wait until this gentleman has spoken to you."
"not upon legal business--humph!"
replied mr forster, eyeing newton.
"well, then, if that is the case, do me the favour to sit down in theoffice until i have communicated with this gentleman."
newton, taking up his hat, walked out of the door, which was opened bymr forster, and sat down in the next room until he should be summoned.
although the door between them was closed, it was easy to hear thesound of the voices within.
for some minutes they fell upon newton'sears; that of the young man like the loud yelping of a cur; that of hisuncle like the surly growl of some ferocious beast.
at last the dooropened:"but, sir," cried the young man, _in alto_.
"_pay_, sir, _pay_!
i tell you, _pay_!"
answered the lawyer, in astentorian voice.
"but he has cheated me, sir!"
"charged twice their value, sir!"
"i tell you, pay!"
"but, sir, such imposition!"
"i have told you twenty times, sir, and now tell you again--and for thelast time--_pay_!"
"won't you take up my cause, sir, then?"
i have given you advice, and will not pick your pocket!--goodmorning, sir:" and mr forster, who had backed his client out of the room,shut the door in his face, to prevent further discussion.
the young man looked a moment at the door after it was closed, and thenturned round to newton.
"if yours is really law business, take my advice, don't stay to see him;i'll take you to a man who _is_ a lawyer.
here you'll get no law atall."
"thankye," replied newton, laughing; "but mine really is not lawbusiness."
the noise of the handle of the door indicated that mr forster was aboutto re-open it to summon newton; and the young man, with a hasty goodmorning, brushed by newton and hastened into the street.
"hamlet.--is not parchment made of sheepskin?
horatio.--ay, my lord, and of calves' skins too.
hamlet.--they are sheep and calves which  seek out their assurance in that."
the door opened as intimated at the end of our last chapter, and newtonobeyed the injunction from the lawyer's eye to follow him into the room.
"now, sir, your pleasure?"
said mr forster.
"i must introduce myself," replied newton: "i am your nephew, newtonforster."
where's your documents in proof of your assertion?"
"i did not consider that anything further than my word was necessary.
i amthe son of your brother, nicholas forster, who resided many years atoverton."
"i never heard of overton: nicholas i recollect to have been the name of mythird brother; but it is upwards of thirty years since i have seen or heardof him.
i did not know whether he was alive or dead.
well, for the sake ofargument, we'll allow that you are my nephew;--what then?"
newton coloured up at this peculiar reception.
"what then, uncle?--why idid hope that you would have been glad to have seen me; but as you appearto be otherwise, i will wish you good morning;"--and newton moved towardsthe door.
"stop, young man; i presume that you did not come for nothing!
before yougo, tell me what you came for."
"to tell you the truth," replied newton with emotion, "it was to ask yourassistance, and your advice; but--""but jumping up in a huff is not the way to obtain either.
sit down on thatchair, and tell me what you came for."
"to request you would interest yourself in behalf of my father and myself;we are both out of employ, and require your assistance."
"or probably i never should have seen you!"
"most probably: we knew that you were in good circumstances, and thrivingin the world; and as long as we could support ourselves honestly, shouldnot have thrust ourselves upon you.
all we wish now is that you will, byyour interest and recommendation, put us in the way of being againindependent by our own exertions; which we did not consider too much to askfrom a brother and an uncle."
"humph!--so first you keep aloof from me because you knew that i was ableto assist you, and now you come to me for the same reason!"
"had we received the least intimation from you that our presence would havebeen welcome, you would have seen us before."
"perhaps so; but i did not know whether i had any relations alive."
"had i been in your circumstances, uncle, i should have inquired."
"humph!--well, young man, as i find that i have relations, i should like tohear a little about them;--so now tell me all about your father andyourself."
newton entered into a detail of the circumstances, with which the reader isalready acquainted.
when he had finished, his uncle, who had listened withprofound attention, his eye fixed upon that of newton, as if to read hisinmost thoughts, said, "it appears, then, that your father wishes toprosecute his business as optician.
i am afraid that i cannot help him.
iwear spectacles certainly when i read; but this pair has lasted me elevenyears, and probably will as many more.
you wish me to procure you asituation in an east indiaman as third or fourth mate.
i know nothing aboutthe sea; i never saw it in my life; nor am i aware that i have a sailor inmy acquaintance."
"then, uncle, i will take my leave."
"not so fast, young man; you said that you wanted my _assistance_ and my_advice_.
my assistance i cannot promise you for the reasons i have stated;but my advice is at your service.
is it a legal point?"
"not exactly, sir," replied newton, who was mortified almost to tears;"still i must acknowledge that i now more than ever wish that the articleswere in safe keeping, and out of my hands."
newton then entered into adetail of the trunk being picked up at sea; and stated his having broughtwith him the most valuable of the property, that it might be deposited insafe hands.
observed his uncle, when he had finished.
"you say that thearticles are of value."
"those who are judges consider the diamonds and the other articles to beworth nearly one hundred pounds; i cannot pretend to say what their realvalue is."
"and you have had these things in your possession these seven years?"
"i have, sir."
"did it never occur to you, since you have been in distress, that the saleof these articles would have assisted you?"
"it often has occurred to me, when i have found that the little i couldearn was not sufficient for my father's support; but we had already decidedthat the property was not _legally mine_, and i dismissed the idea as soonas i could from my thoughts.
since then i have ascertained to whom theproperty belongs, and of course it has become more sacred."
"you said a minute ago that you now more than ever wished the property insate keeping.
"because, disappointed in the hopes i had entertained of receiving yourassistance, i foresaw that we should have more difficulties than ever tostruggle against, and wished not to be in the way of temptation."
"you were right.
well, then, bring me those articles to-morrow, by oneo'clock precisely; i will take charge of them, and give you a receipt.
goodmorning, nephew; very happy to have had the pleasure of making youracquaintance.
remember me kindly to my brother, and tell him i shall behappy to see him at one, precisely."
"good morning, sir," replied newton, with a faltering voice, as he hurriedaway to conceal the disappointment and indignation which he felt at thiscool reception and dismissal.
"not _legally_ mine--humph!
i like that boy," muttered the old lawyer tohimself when newton had disappeared.--"scratton!"
"yes, sir," replied the clerk, opening the door.
"fill up a cheque for five hundred pounds, self or bearer, and bring it tome to sign."
"is it this evening or to-morrow, that i attend the arbitration meeting?"
"this evening, seven o'clock."
"what is the name of the party by whom i am employed?"
"east india director, is he not?"
"humph!--that will do."
the clerk brought in the draft, which was put into his pocket-book withoutbeing signed; his coat was then buttoned up, and mr john forster repairedto the chop-house, at which for twenty-five years he had seldom failed tomake his appearance at the hour of three or four at the latest.
it was with a heavy heart that newton returned to the inn in the borough,at which he had left his father, whom he found looking out of window,precisely in the same seat and position where he had left him.
"well, newton, my boy, did you see my brother?"
"yes, sir; but i am sorry to say that i have little hope of his being ofservice to us."
newton then entered into a narration of what had passed.
"why really, newton," said his father, in his single-heartedness, "i do notsee such cause of despair.
if he did doubt your being his nephew, how couldhe tell that you were?
and if he had no interest with naval people, whyit's not his fault.
as for my expecting him to break his spectacles onpurpose to buy new ones of me, that's too much, and it would be foolish onhis part.
he said that he was very happy to have made your acquaintance,and that he should be glad to see me.
i really don't know what more youcould expect.
i will call upon him to-morrow, since he wishes it.
at fiveo'clock precisely, don't you say?"
"no, sir, at one."
"well, then, at one; those who have nothing to do must suit their hours tothose who are full of business.
recollect now, two o'clock precisely."
"one o'clock, sir."
"ay, very true, one o'clock i meant; now let's go to dinner."
nicholas forster appeared in excellent spirits: and newton, who did notlike to undeceive him, was glad to retire at an early hour, that he mightbe left to his own reflections, and form some plan as to their proceedingsin consequence of this unexpected disappointment.
"now, by two-headed janus.
nature hath named strange fellows in her time;  some that will ever more peep through their eyes,  and laugh like parrots at a bagpiper;  and others of such vinegar aspect,  that they'll not show their teeth in way of smile,  though nestor swear the jest be laughable."
the next forenoon nicholas and his son left the inn in good time to keeptheir appointment.
the weather had changed, and the streets through whichthey passed were crowded with people who had taken advantage of the fineweather to prosecute business which had admitted of being postponed.
nicholas, who stared every way except the right, received many shoves andpushes, at which he expostulated, without the parties taking even thetrouble to look behind them as they continued their course.
this conductproduced a fit of reverie, out of which he was soon roused by another blowon the shoulder, which would twist him half round; and thus he continued inan alternate state of reverie and excitement, until he was dragged bynewton to his brother's chambers.
the clerk, who had been ordered to admitthem, opened the parlour door, where they found mr john forster, sitting athis table, with his spectacles on, running through a brief.
"your servant, young man.--nicholas forster, i presume," said he, takinghis eyes off the brief, and looking at forster without rising from hischair.
"how do you do, brother?"
"are you my brother john?"
"i am john forster," replied the lawyer.
"well, then, i am really very glad to see you, brother," said nicholas,extending his hand, which was taken with a "humph!"
--(a minute's pause.)
"young man, you're ten minutes past your time," said john, turning tonewton.
"i told you _one o'clock precisely_."
"i am afraid so," replied newton; "but the streets were crowded, and myfather stopped several times."
"why did he stop?"
"to expostulate with those who elbowed him: he is not used to it."
"he soon will be if he stays here long.
brother nicholas," said forster,turning round; but perceiving that nicholas had taken up his watch, and wasexamining the interior, his intended remark was changed.
"brother nicholas,what are you doing with my watch?"
"it's very dirty," replied nicholas, continuing his examination; "it mustbe taken to pieces."
"indeed it shall not," replied john.
"don't be alarmed, i'll do it myself, and charge you nothing."
"indeed you will not do it yourself, brother.
my watch goes very well whenit's left alone.
do me the favour to hand it to me."
nicholas shut up the watch, and handed it to his brother over the table.
"it ought not to go well in that state, brother."
"but i tell you that it _does_, brother," replied john, putting the watchinto his fob.
"i have brought the things that i mentioned, sir," said newton, taking themout of his handkerchief.
"very well; have you the inventory?"
"yes, sir, here it is."
i, a diamond ring."
2--""i should rather think that they were no.
3," observed nicholas, who hadtaken up his brother's spectacles.
"you're not very short-sighted,brother."
"i am not, brother nicholas;--will you oblige me by giving me myspectacles?"
"yes, i'll wipe them for you first," said nicholas, commencing his polishwith an old cotton handkerchief.
"thanky, thanky, brother, that will do," replied john, holding out his handfor the spectacles, which he immediately put in the case and conveyed intohis pocket.
the lawyer then continued the inventory.
"it is all right, young man; i will sign a receipt."
the receipt was signed, and the articles deposited in the iron chest.
"now, brother nicholas, i have no time to spare; have you anything to sayto me?"
"no," replied nicholas, starting up.
"well, then, i have something to say to you.
in the first place, i cannothelp you in your profession (as i told my nephew yesterday), neither can iafford you any time, which is precious: so good-bye, brother.
here issomething for you to read when you go home."
john forster took out hispocket-book, and gave him a sealed letter.
"nephew, although i never saw the sea, or knew a sailor in my life, yet thelaw pervades everywhere.
an east india director, who is under obligationsto me, has promised a situation for you as third mate on board of the_bombay castle_.
here is his address: call upon him, and all will bearranged.
_you_ may come here again before you sail; and i expect you willmake proper arrangements for your father, who, if i can judge from what ihave already seen, will lose that paper i have given him, which containswhat is not to be picked up every day."
nicholas was in a deep reverie; theletter had dropped from his hand, and had fallen, unnoticed by him, on thecarpet.
newton picked it up, and, without nicholas observing him, put itinto his own pocket.
"now, good-bye, nephew; take away my brother, pray.
it's a good thing, i can tell you, sometimes to find out an uncle."
"i trust my conduct will prove me deserving of your kindness," repliednewton, who was overjoyed at the unexpected issue of the meeting.
"i hope it will, young man.
now, take away your father, i'mbusy;" and old forster pulled out his spectacles, and recommenced hisbrief.
newton went up to his father, touched him on the shoulder, and said in alow tone, and nodding his head towards the door--"come, father."
nicholas got upon his legs, retreated a few steps, then turnedround--"brother, didn't you say something about a letter i was to put inthe post?"
"no, i didn't," replied john, shortly, not raising his eyes from the brief.
"well, i really thought i heard something--""come, father; my uncle's busy."
"well, then, good-bye, brother."
"good-bye," replied john, without looking up; and newton with his father,quitted the room.
no conversation passed during the walk to the inn, except an accidentalremark of nicholas, that it appeared to him that his brother was very busy.
when they arrived newton hastened to open the enclosure, and found in itthe draft for £500, which his uncle had ordered to be filled up the daybefore.
nicholas was lost in astonishment; and newton, although he hadalready gained some insight into his uncle's character, was not a littlesurprised at his extreme liberality.
"now," cried nicholas, rubbing his hands, "my improvement upon the duplex;"and the subject brought up by himself again led him away, and he was indeep thought.
there was one little piece of advice upon the envelope--"when you cash thedraft take the number of your notes."
this was all; and it was carefullyattended to by newton, who took but £20, and left the remainder in thehands of the banker.
the next day newton called on the east india director,who gave him a letter to the captain of the ship, lying at gravesend, andexpecting to sail in a few days.
to gravesend he immediately repaired, and,presenting his credentials, was favourably received, with an intimationthat his company was required as soon as convenient.
newton had now noother object to occupy him than to secure an asylum for his father; andthis he was fortunate enough to meet with when he little expected.
he haddisembarked at greenwich, intending to return to london by the coach, when,having an hour to spare, he sauntered into the hospital, to view a buildingwhich had so much of interest to a sailor.
after a few minutes' survey hesat down on a bench, occupied by several pensioners, outside of the gate,wishing to enter into conversation with them relative to their condition,when one addressed another--"why, stephen, since the old man's dead,there's no one that'll suit us; and i expects that we must contrive to dowithout blinkers at all.
jim nelson told me the other day that that fellowin town as has his shop full of polished brass, all the world like thequarter-deck of the _le amphitrite_, when that sucking honourable (what washis name?)
commanded her--jim said to me, as how he charged himone-and-sixpence for a new piece of flint for his starboard eye.
now youknow that old wilkins never axed no more than threepence.
now, how we're topay at that rate comes to more than my knowledge.
jim hadn't the dirt,although he had brought his threepence; so his blinkers are left there inlimbo."
"we must find out another man; the shop's to let, and all handy.
suppose wespeak to the governor?"
"no use to speak to the governor; he don't use blinkers; and so won't haveno fellow-feeling."
newton entered into conversation, and found that an old man, who gained hislivelihood in a small shop close to the gate, by repairing the spectaclesof the pensioners, had lately died, and that his loss was severely felt bythem, as the opticians in town did not work at so reasonable a rate.
newtonlooked at the shop, which was small and comfortable, commanding a pleasantview of the river; and he was immediately convinced that it would suit hisfather.
on his return he proposed it to nicholas, who was delighted at theidea; and the next day they viewed the premises together, and took a shortlease.
in a few days nicholas was settled in his new habitation, and busilyemployed in enabling the old pensioners to read the newspapers and counttheir points at cribbage.
he liked his customers, and they liked him.
hisgains were equal to his wants; and, unless on particular occasions--such asa new coat, which, like his birthday, occurred but once in the year--henever applied to the banker's for assistance.
newton, as soon as his fatherwas settled, and his own affairs arranged, called upon his uncle previousto his embarkation.
old forster gave a satisfactory "humph!"
to hiscommunication; and newton, who had tact enough to make his visit short,received a cordial shake of the hand when he quitted the room.
"poor, short-lived things!
what plans we lay!
why forsake our native home,  to distant climates speed away,  for self sticks close, where'er we roam.
"care follows hard, and soon o'ertakes    the well-rigg'd ship; the warlike steed  her destin'd quarry ne'er forsakes:    nor the wind flees with half the speed."
newton, who had made every preparation, as soon as he had taken leave ofhis uncle, hastened to join his ship, which still remained at gravesend,waiting for the despatches to be closed by the twenty-four leaden headspresiding at leadenhall street.
the passengers, with the exception of two,a scotch presbyterian divine and his wife, were still on shore, dividedamongst the inns of the town, unwilling until the last moment to quit_terra firma_ for so many months of sky and water, daily receiving a visitfrom the captain of the ship, who paid his respects to them all round,imparting any little intelligence he might have received as to the probabletime of his departure.
when newton arrived on board, he was received by the first mate, a rough,good-humoured, and intelligent man, about forty years of age, to whom hehad already been introduced by the captain on his previous appearance withthe letter from the director.
"well, mr forster, you're in very good time.
as in all probability we shallbe shipmates for a voyage or two, i trust that we shall be good friends.
now for your _traps_:" then, turning round, he addressed, in thehindostanee language, two or three lascars (fine, olive-coloured men, withblack curling bushy hair), who immediately proceeded to hoist in theluggage.
the first mate, with an "excuse me a moment," went forward to give somedirections to the english seamen, leaving forster to look about him.
whathe observed, we shall describe for the benefit of our readers.
the indiaman was a twelve-hundred-ton ship, as large as one of the smallclass seventy-four in the king's service, strongly built, with loftybulwarks, and pierced on the upper deck for eighteen guns, which weremounted on the quarter-deck and forecastle.
abaft, a poop, higher than thebulwarks, extended forward, between thirty and forty feet, under which wasthe cuddy or dining-room, and state-cabins, appropriated to passengers.
thepoop, upon which you ascended by ladders on each side, was crowded withlong ranges of coops, tenanted by every variety of domestic fowl, awaiting,in happy unconsciousness, the day when they should be required to supplythe luxurious table provided by the captain.
in some, turkeys stretchedforth their long necks, and tapped the decks as they picked up some ant whocrossed it, in his industry.
in others, the crowing of cocks and calling ofthe hens were incessant: or the geese, ranged up rank and file, waited butthe signal from one of the party to raise up a simultaneous clamour, whichas suddenly was remitted.
coop answered coop, in variety of discord, whilethe poulterer walked round and round to supply the wants of so manyhundreds committed to his charge.
the booms before the main-mast were occupied by the large boats, which hadbeen hoisted in preparatory to the voyage.
they also composed a portion ofthe farmyard.
the launch contained about fifty sheep, wedged together soclose that it was with difficulty they could find room to twist their jawsround, as they chewed the cud.
the stern-sheets of the barge and yawl werefilled with goats and two calves, who were the first-destined victims tothe butcher's knife; while the remainder of their space was occupied by hayand other provender, pressed down by powerful machinery into the smallestcompass.
the occasional ba-aing and bleating on the booms were answered bythe lowing of three milch-cows between the hatchways of the deck below;where also were to be descried a few more coops, containing fowls andrabbits.
the manger forward had been dedicated to the pigs; but, as thecables were not yet unbent or bucklers shipped, they at present wereconfined by gratings between the main-deck guns, where they grunted at eachpasser-by, as if to ask for food.
the boats hoisted up on the quarters, and the guys of the davits, to whichthey were suspended, formed the kitchen-gardens, from which the passengerswere to be supplied, and were loaded with bags containing onions, potatoes,turnips, carrots, beets, and cabbages, the latter, in their full roundproportions, hanging in a row upon the guys, like strings of heads, whichhad been demanded in the wrath or the caprice of some despot of mahomet'screed.
forster descended the ladder to the main-deck, which he found equallyencumbered with cabins for the passengers, trunks and bedding belonging tothem, and many other articles which had not yet found their way into thehold, the hatches of which were open, and in which lanterns in everydirection partially dispelled the gloom, and offered to his view a confusedoutline of bales and packages.
carpenters sawing deals, sailmakers ropingthe foot of an old mainsail, servants passing to and fro with dishes,lascars jabbering in their own language, british seamen d-----g their eyes,as usual, in plain english, gave an idea of confusion and want of method tonewton forster, which, in a short time, he acknowledged himself to havebeen premature in having conceived.
where you have to provide for such anumber, to separate the luggage of so many parties, from the heavy chest tothe fragile bandbox, to take in cargo, and prepare for sea, all at the sametime, there must be apparently confusion.
in a few days everything findsits place; and, what is of more consequence, is itself to be found as soonas it may be required.
according to the regulations on board of east india ships, forster messedbelow with the junior mates, midshipmen, surgeon's assistant, &c.: thefirst and second mates only having the privilege of constantly appearing atthe captain's table, while the others receive but an occasional invitation.
forster soon became on intimate terms with his shipmates.
as they will,however, appear upon the stage when required to perform their parts, weshall at present confine ourselves to a description of the captain and thepassengers.
captain drawlock was a man of about fifty years of age.
report said that inhis youth he had been wild; and some of his contemporary commanders in theservice were wont to plague him by narrating divers freaks of former days,the recollection of which would create anything but a smile upon his face.
whether report and the other captains were correct or not in theirassertions, captain drawlock was in appearance quite a different characterat the time we introduce him.
he was of sedate aspect, seldom smiled, andappeared to be wrapt up in the importance of the trust confided to him,particularly with respect to the young women who were sent out under hisprotection.
he talked much of his responsibility, and divided the whole ofhis time between his chronometers and his young ladies; in both of which atrifling error was a source of irritation.
upon any deviation on the partof either, the first were rated carefully, the latter were _rated soundly_;considering the safety of the ship to be endangered on the one hand, andthe character of his ship to be equally at stake on the other.'
it wasmaliciously observed that the latter were by far the more erratic of thetwo; and, still more maliciously, that the austere behaviour on the part ofcaptain drawlock was all pretence; that he was as susceptible as theyoungest officer in the ship; and that the women found it out long beforethe voyage was completed.
it has been previously mentioned that all the passengers were on shore,except two, a presbyterian divine and his wife, the expenses attendingwhose passage out were provided for by a subscription which had been put onfoot by some of the serious people of glasgow, who prayed fervently, andenlivened their devotions with most excellent punch.
the worthy clergyman(for worthy he was) thought of little else but his calling, and was asincere, enthusiastic man, who was not to be checked by any considerationin what he considered to be his duty; but although he rebuked, he rebukedmildly, and never lost his temper.
stern in his creed, which allowed noloophole by which the offender might escape, still there was a kindness andeven a humility in his expostulation, which caused his zeal never tooffend, and often to create serious reflection.
his wife was a tall,handsome woman, who evidently had usurped an ascendency over her husband inall points unconnected with his calling.
she, too, was devout; but hers wasnot the true religion, for it had not charity for its basis.
she was cleverand severe; spoke seldom; but the few words which escaped from her lipswere sarcastic in their tendency.
the passengers who still remained on shore were numerous.
there was an oldcolonel, returning from a three years' furlough, the major part of whichhad been spent at cheltenham.
he was an adonis of sixty, with yellow cheeksand white teeth; a man who had passed through life doing nothing; had risenin his profession without having seen service, except on one occasion, andof that circumstance he made the most.
with a good constitution and happytemperament, constantly in society, and constantly in requisition, he hadgrown old without being aware of it, and considered himself as much anobject of interest with the other sex as he was formerly when a gay captainof five-and-twenty, with good prospects.
amusing, and easily amused, he hadturned over the pages of the novel of life so uninterruptedly, that he hadnearly arrived at the last page without being conscious that the finis wasat hand.
then there were two cadets from the college, full of themselves and theirown consequence, fitted out with plenty of money and plenty of advice, bothof which were destined to be thrown away.
there was also a young writer,who talked of his mother, lady elizabeth, and other high relations, who haddespatched him to india, that he might be provided for by a cholera morbusor a lucrative post; a matter of perfect indifference to those who had senthim from england.
then, let me see,--oh!
there were two officers of aregiment at st helena, with tongues much longer than their purses; who, inthe forepart of the day, condescended to talk nonsense to the fairer of theother sex, and, in the evening, to win a few pounds from the weaker oftheir own.
but all these were nobodies in the eyes of captain drawlock; they were apart of his cargo, for which he was not responsible.
the important part ofhis consignment were four unmarried women; three of them were young,good-looking, and poor; the other ill-favoured, old, but rich.
we must give precedence to wealth and age.
the lady last mentioned was amiss tavistock, born and educated in the city, where her father had longbeen at the head of the well-established firm of tavistock, bottlecock &co., dyers, calenderers, and scourers.
as we before observed, she was thefortunate sole heiress to her father's accumulation, which might amount tonearly thirty thousand pounds; but had been little gifted by nature.
infact, she was what you may style most preposterously ugly; her figure waslarge and masculine; her hair red; and her face very deeply indented withthe small-pox.
as a man, she would have been considered the essence ofvulgarity; as a woman, she was the quintessence: so much so, that she hadarrived at the age of thirty-six without having, notwithstanding herproperty, received any attentions which could be construed into an offer.
as we always seek most eagerly that which we find most difficult to obtain,she was possessed with _une fureur de se marier_; and, as a last resource,had resolved to go out to india, where she had been informed that "anythingwhite" was acceptable.
this _passion_ for matrimony (for with her it had sobecome, if not a disease) occupied her whole thoughts; but she attempted toveil them by always pretending to be extremely sensitive and refined; to beshocked at anything which had the slightest allusion to the "increase andmultiply;" and constantly lamented the extreme fragility of herconstitution; to which her athletic bony frame gave so determined a lie,that her hearers were struck dumb with the barefaced assertion.
misstavistock had kept up a correspondence with an old schoolmate, who had beentaken away early to join her friends in india, and had there married.
asher hopes of matrimony dwindled away, so did her affection for her oldfriend appear, by her letters, to increase.
at last, in answer to a letter,in which she declared that she would like to come out, and (as she had longmade a resolution to continue single) adopt one of her friend's children,and pass her days with them, she received an answer, stating how happy theywould be to receive her, and personally renew the old friendship, if indeedshe could be persuaded to venture upon so long and venturous a passage.
whether this answer was sincere or not, miss tavistock took advantage ofthe invitation; and writing to intimate her speedy arrival, took herpassage in the _bombay castle_.
the other three spinsters were sisters: charlotte, laura, and isabel revel,daughters of the honourable mr revel, a _roué_ of excellent family, who hadmarried for money, and had dissipated all his wife's fortune except themarriage settlement of £600 per annum.
their mother was a selfish,short-sighted, manoeuvring woman, whose great anxiety was to formestablishments for her daughters, or, in other terms, remove the expense oftheir maintenance from her own to the shoulders of other people, veryindifferent whether the change might contribute to their happiness or not.
mr revel may be said to have long deserted his family; he lived nobody knewwhere, and seldom called, unless it was to "raise the wind" upon his wife,who by entreaties and threats was necessitated to purchase his absence by asacrifice of more than half her income.
of his daughters he took littlenotice, when he _did_ make his appearance; and if so, it was generally interms more calculated to raise the blush of indignant modesty than tostimulate the natural feelings of affection of a daughter towards a parent.
their mother, whose income was not sufficient to meet the demands of aworthless husband, in addition to the necessary expenses attendant on threegrown-up women, was unceasing in her attempts to get them off her hands:but we will introduce a conversation which took place between her and asedate-looking, powdered old gentleman, who had long been considered as a"friend of the family," as thereby more light will perhaps be thrown uponher character.
"the fact is, my dear mr heaviside, that i hardly know what to do.
mrrevel, who is very intimate with the theatre people, proposed that theyshould try their fortune on the stage.
he says (and indeed there is sometruth in it) that nowadays, the best plan for a man to make himself popularis to be sent to newgate; and the best chance that a girl has of a coronet,is to become an actress.
well, i did not much like the idea; but at last iconsented.
isabel, my youngest, is, you know, very handsome in her person,and sings remarkably well, and we arranged that she should go on first;and, if she succeeded, that her sister charlotte should follow her; butisabel is of a very obstinate disposition, and when we proposed it to her,she peremptorily refused, and declared that she would go out as agoverness, or anything, rather than consent.
i tried what coaxing would do,and her father tried threatening; but all was in vain.
this was about ayear ago, and she is now only seventeen; but she ever was a most decided, amost obstinate character."
"very undutiful, indeed, ma'am; she might have been a duchess beforethis:--a very foolish girl, indeed, ma'am," observed the gentleman.
"well, mr heaviside, we then thought that charlotte, our eldest, had thenext best chance of success.
although not by any means so good-looking asher sister; indeed, to tell you the truth, mr heaviside, which i would notdo to everybody, but i know that you can keep a secret, charlotte is nownearly thirty years old, and her sister, laura, only one year younger."
"is it possible, madam!"
replied mr heaviside, looking at the lady withwell-feigned astonishment.
"yes, indeed," replied the lady, who had forgotten that in telling herdaughters' secrets, she had let out her own.
"but i was married so young,so very young, that i am almost ashamed to think of it.
well mr heaviside,as i was saying, although not so good-looking as her sister, mr revel, whois a good judge in these matters, declared that by the theatre lightscharlotte would be reckoned a very fine woman.
we proposed it to her, and,after a little pouting, she consented.
the only difficulty was whether sheshould attempt tragedy or comedy.
her features were considered rather toosharp for comedy, and her figure not quite tall enough for tragedy.
sheherself preferred tragedy, which decided the point; and mr revel, who knowsall the actors, persuaded mr y---- (you know who i mean, the great tragicactor) to come here, and give his opinion of her recitation.
mr y---- wasexcessively polite; declared that she was a young lady of great talent, butthat a slight lisp, which she has, unfitted her most decidedly for tragedy.
of course, it was abandoned for comedy, which she studied some time, andwhen we considered her competent, mr revel had interest enough to inducethe great mr m---- to come and give his opinion.
charlotte performed herpart, as i thought, remarkably well, and when she had finished she left theroom, that mr m---- might not be checked by her presence from giving me hisunbiased opinion."
"which was favourable, ma'am, i presume; for, if not fitted for the one,she naturally must have been fit for the other."
"so i thought," replied the lady, to this polite _non sequitur_ of thegentleman.
"but mr m---- is a very odd man, and if i must say it, not verypolite.
what do you think, mr heaviside, as soon as she left the room herose from his chair, and, twisting up the corner of his mouth, as he lookedme in the face, he said, 'madam, it is my opinion that your daughter'scomedy, whenever she makes her appearance on the boards, will, to use ayankee expression, _be most particularly damned_!
i wish you a very goodmorning.'"
"very rude, indeed, madam; most excessively unpolite of mr m----.
i shouldnot have thought it possible."
"well, mr heaviside, as for laura, poor thing!
you are aware that she isnot quite so clever as she might be; she never had any memory: when achild, she never could recollect the evening hymn if she missed it twonights running; so that acting was out of the question with her.
so thatall my hopes of their forming a splendid establishment by that channel havevanished.
now, my dear mr heaviside, what would you propose?"
"why, really, ma'am, it is so difficult to advise in these times; but, ifanxious to dispose of your daughters, why not send them out to india?"
"we have thought of it several times; for mr revel has an uncle thereunmarried, and they say very rich.
he is a colonel in the bombay marine, ibelieve."
"more probably in the bengal army, ma'am."
"well, i believe you are right; but i know it's in the company's service.
but the old gentleman hates my husband, and will not have anything to sayto him.
i did write a very civil letter to him, in which i just hinted howglad one or two of my daughters would be to take care of his house, but henever condescended to give me an answer.
i am told that he is a veryunpleasant man."
"a difficult thing to advise, ma'am, very difficult indeed!
but i can tellyou a circumstance which occurred about five years ago, when a similarapplication to a relative in india was made by a friend of mine.
it was nomore attended to than yours has been.
nevertheless, as it was supposed thatthe answer had miscarried, the young lady was sent out to her relative witha decent equipment, and a letter of introduction.
her relation was verymuch surprised: but what could he do?
he could not permit the young lady toremain without a roof over her head, so he received her, and as he did notlike to say how he had been treated, he held his tongue.
the young lady, inthe course of three months, made a very good match; and is, to myknowledge, constantly sending home india shawls and other handsome presentsto her mother."
"indeed, mr heaviside, then do you advise--""it is difficult, extremely difficult to advise upon so nice a point.
ionly state the fact, my dear madam: i should think the colonel must feelthe want of female society; but, god bless me!
it's nearly two o'clock.
good morning, my dear mrs revel--good morning."
"good morning, my dear mr heaviside; it's very kind of you to call in thissociable way and chat an hour or two.
the result of the above conversation was a consultation between mr reveland his wife upon their first meeting.
mr revel was delighted with theplan, not so much caring at the disposal of his daughters as he was pleasedwith the idea of annoying his uncle, from whom he, at one time, had greatexpectations; but, as it was necessary to be circumspect, especially withisabel, mr revel took the opportunity of a subsequent visit to state thathe had received a letter from his uncle in india, wishing one of hisdaughters to go out and live with him.
in a few months he read anotherletter (composed by himself, and copied in another hand), earnestlydesiring that they might all come out to him, as it would be much to theiradvantage.
the reluctance of the two eldest was removed by pointing out themagnificent establishments they might secure: the consent of isabel by astatement of difficulty and debt on the part of her parents, which wouldend in beggary if not relieved from the burden of their support.
by insuring her life, a sum of money sufficient for their outfit andpassage was raised on mrs revel's marriage settlement; and the three missrevels were thus shipped off by their affectionate parents, as a "venture,"in the _bombay castle._  "thus the rich vessel moves in trim array,  like some fair virgin on her bridal day:  thus like a swan, she cleaves the watery plain,  the pride and wonder of the ægean main.
"the natives, while the ship departs the land,  ashore, with admiration gazing stand;  majestically slow before the breeze,  in silent pomp, she marches on the seas."
much to the satisfaction of captain drawlock, the chronometers and theladies were safe on board, and the _bombay castle_ proceeded to the downs,where she was joined by the purser, charged with despatches of the augustdirectors.
once upon a time a director was a very great man, and the indiaboard a very great board.
there must have been a very great many plums inthe pudding, for in this world people do not take trouble for nothing; anduntil latter years, how eagerly, how perseveringly was this situationapplied for--what supplicating advertisements--what fawning and wheedlingpromises of attention to the interests of the proprietors--"your voices,good people!"
but now nobody is so particularly anxious to be a director,because another board "bigger than he" has played the kittiwake, and forcedit to disgorge for the consumption of its superior,--i mean the board ofcontrol: the reader has probably heard of it; the board which, not contentwith the european residents in india being deprived of their proudestbirthright, "the liberty of the press," would even prevent them from havingjustice awarded to them, by directing two tame elephants (thereby implyingtwo ---- ----) to be placed on each side of a wild one (thereby implying anhonest and conscientious man).
notwithstanding all which, for the present,the tongue, the ears, and the eyes are permitted to be made discreet useof, although i believe that the new charter is to have a clause introducedto the contrary.
the prevalent disease of the time we live in is ophthalmia of intellect,affecting the higher classes.
monarchs, stone-blind, have tumbled headlongfrom their thrones, and princes have been conducted by their subjects outof their principalities.
the aristocracy are purblind, and cannotdistinctly decipher the "signs of the times."
the hierarchy cannot discoverwhy people would have religion at a reduced price: in fact, they are allblind, and will not perceive that an enormous mass, in the shape of publicopinion, hangs over their heads and threatens to annihilate them.
forgetting that kings, and princes, and lords, spiritual or temporal, haveall been raised to their various degrees of exaltation by public opinionalone, they talk of legitimacy, of vested rights, and deuteronomy.--well,if there is to be a general tumble, thank god, i can't fall far!
we left the _bombay castle_ in the downs, where she remained until joinedby several other india vessels.
on the arrival of a large frigate, who hadorders to escort them as far as the island of st helena, they all weighed,and bore down the channel before a strong s.e.
the first ten days ofa voyage there is seldom much communication between those belonging to theship and the passengers; the former are too much occupied in making thingsshipshape, and the latter with the miseries of sea-sickness.
an adversegale in the bay of biscay, with which they had to contend, did not at allcontribute to the recovery of the digestive powers of the latter; and itwas not until a day or two before the arrival of the convoy at madeira thatthe ribbon of a bonnet was to be seen fluttering in the breeze which sweptthe decks of the _bombay castle_.
the first which rose up from the quarter-deck hatchway was one thatencircled the head of mrs ferguson, the wife of the presbyterian divine,who crawled up the ladder, supported on one side by her husband, and on theother by the assiduous captain drawlock.
"very well done, ma'am, indeed!"
said the captain, with an encouragingsmile, as the lady seized hold of the copper stanchions which surroundedthe sky-lights, to support herself, when she had gained the deck.
"you're acapital sailor, and have by your conduct set an example to the otherladies, as i have no doubt your husband does to the gentlemen.
now allow meto offer you my arm."
"will you take mine also, my dear," said mr ferguson.
"no, mr ferguson," replied the lady, tartly; "i think it is enough for youto take care of yourself.
recollect your scripture proverb of 'the blindleading the blind.'
i have no inclination to tumble into one of thosepits," added she, pointing to the hatchway.
captain drawlock very civilly dragged the lady to the weather-side of thequarter-deck, where, after in vain attempting to walk, she sat down on oneof the carronade slides.
"the fresh air will soon revive you, ma'am; you'll be much betterdirectly," observed the attentive captain.
"i beg your pardon one moment,but there is another lady coming out of the cuddy."
the cabins abaft the cuddy, or dining-room, were generally occupied by themore distinguished and wealthy passengers (a proportionate sum beingcharged extra for them).
the good people of glasgow, with a due regard toeconomy, had not run themselves into such unnecessary expenses for thepassage of mr and mrs ferguson.
mr revel, aware of the effect produced byan appearance of wealth, had taken one of them for his daughters.
the otherhad been secured by miss tavistock, much to the gratification of thecaptain, who thus had his unmarried ladies and his chronometers bothimmediately under his own eye.
the personage who had thus called away the attention of the captain wasisabel revel, whom, although she has already been mentioned, it will benecessary to describe more particularly to the reader.
isabel revel was now eighteen years old, endowed with a mind so superior,that had not her talents been checked by a natural reserve, she might havestepped from the crowd, and have been hailed as a genius.
she had beenbrought up by a foolish mother, and had in her earlier years been checkedby her two insipid sisters, who assumed over her an authority which theirage alone could warrant.
seldom, if ever, permitted to appear when therewas company, that she might not "spoil the market" of the eldest, she hadin her solitude applied much to reading, and thus had her mind been highlycultivated.
the conduct of her father entitled him to no respect; the heartlessness ofher mother to no esteem; the tyranny of her sisters to no affection; yetdid she strive to render all.
until the age of sixteen she had been thecinderella of the family, during which period of seclusion she had learnedto think and to act for herself.
her figure was a little above the middle size, light and elegant; herfeatures beautiful, with an expression of seriousness, arising probablyfrom speaking little and reflecting much.
yet she possessed a mind ardentand enthusiastic, which often bore her away in animated discourse, untilthe eye of admiration fixed upon her would suddenly close her lips, for hermodesty and her genius were at perpetual variance.
it is well known to most of my readers that woman is a problem; but it maynot be as well known that nowadays she is a _mathematical problem_.
yet soit is.
as in the latter you have certain known quantities given by whichyou are to find a quantity unknown, so in a lady you have the hand, thefoot, the mouth, &c., apparent; and 'tis only by calculation, now thatmodern dresses are made so full, that you can arrive at a just estimate ofher approach to total perfection.
all good arithmeticians, as theyscrutinised the outward and the visible of isabel revel, were perfectlyassured as to her quotient.
but if i talked for hours, i could say no morethan that she was one of those ideal images created in the dream of youthand poetry, fairly embodied in flesh and blood.
as her father had justlysurmised, could she have been persuaded to have tried her fortune on thestage, she had personal attractions, depth of feeling, and vivacity of mindto have rendered her one of the very first in a profession, to excel inwhich there is, perhaps, more correct judgment and versatility of talentrequired than in any other, and would have had a fair prospect of obtainingthat coronet which has occasionally been the reward of those fair dames who"stoop to conquer."
mr revel, who had been made acquainted with the customs on board of eastindia ships, had been introduced to mrs ferguson, and had requested her totake upon herself the office of _chaperon_ to his daughters, during thepassage: a nominal charge indeed, yet considered to be etiquette.
mrsferguson, pleased with the gentlemanlike demeanour and personal appearanceof mr revel, and perhaps at the same time not sorry to have an authority tofind fault, had most graciously acquiesced; and the three miss revels wereconsidered to be under her protection.
as i said before, miss isabel revel made her appearance not unattended, forshe was escorted by doctor plausible, the surgeon of the ship.
and now imust again digress while i introduce that gentleman.
i never shall get thatpoor girl from the cuddy-door.
doctor plausible had been summoned to prescribe for miss laura revel, whosuffered extremely from the motion of the vessel, and the remedies whichshe had applied to relieve her uneasiness.
miss laura revel had been toldby somebody, previous to her embarkation, that the most effectual remedyfor sea-sickness was gingerbread.
in pursuance of the advice received, shehad provided herself with ten or twelve squares of this commodity, aboutone foot by eighteen inches, which squares she had commenced upon as soonas she came on board, and had never ceased to swallow, notwithstandingvarious interruptions.
the more did her stomach reject it the more did sheforce it down, until, what with deglutition, _et vice versa_, she had beenreduced to a state of extreme weakness, attended with fever.
how many panaceas have been offered without success for twoevils--sea-sickness and hydrophobia!
and between these two there appears tobe a link, for sea-sickness as surely ends in hydrophobia, as hydrophobiadoes in death.
the sovereign remedy prescribed, when i first went to sea,was a piece of fat pork, tied to a string, to be swallowed, and then pulledup again; the dose to be repeated until effective.
i should not havementioned this well-known remedy, as it has long been superseded by othernostrums, were it not that this maritime prescription has been the originof two modern improvements in the medical catalogue--one is thestomach-pump, evidently borrowed from this simple engine; the other is thevery successful prescription now in vogue, to those who are weak in thedigestive organs, to eat fat bacon for breakfast, which i have no doubt wassuggested to doctor vance, from what he had been eye-witness to on board ofa man-of-war.
but here i am digressing again from doctor plausible to doctor vance.
reader, i never lose the opportunity of drawing a moral; and what animportant one is here!
observe how difficult it is to regain the right pathwhen once you have quitted it.
let my error be a warning to you in yourjourney through life, and my digressions preserve you from diverging fromthe beaten track, which, as the americans would say, leads _clean slick_ onto happiness and peace.
doctor plausible was a personable man, apparently about five-and-thirtyyears old; he wore a little powder in his hair, black silk stockings, andknee-breeches.
in this i consider doctor plausible was right; the abovelook much more scientific than wellington trousers; and much depends uponthe exterior.
he was quite a ladies' man; talked to them about theirextreme sensibility, their peculiar fineness of organic structure, theirdelicacy of nerves; and soothed his patients more by flattery than byphysic.
having discovered that miss laura was not inclined to give up hergingerbread, he immediately acknowledged its virtues, but recommended thatit should be cut into extremely small dice, and allowed, as it were, tomelt away upon the tongue; stating, that her digestive organs were sorefined and delicate, that they would not permit themselves to be loadedwith any large particles, even of farinaceous compound.
isabel revel, whohad been informed that mrs ferguson was on deck, expressed a wish to escapefrom the confined atmosphere of the cabin; and dr plausible, as soon as hehad prescribed for miss laura, offered miss isabel his services; which, forwant of a better, perhaps, were accepted.
the ship at this time had a great deal of motion.
the gale was spent; butthe sea created by the violence of the wind had not yet subsided, and thewaves continued still to rise and fall again, like the panting breasts ofmen who have just desisted from fierce contention.
captain drawlockhastened over to receive his charge from the hands of the medicalattendant; and paying isabel some compliments on her appearance, washanding her over to the weather-side, where mrs ferguson was seated, when asea of larger dimensions than usual careened the ship to what the sailorsterm a "heavy lurch."
the decks were wet and slippery.
captain drawlocklost his footing, and was thrown to leeward.
isabel would most certainlyhave kept him company; and indeed was already under weigh for thelee-scuppers, had not it been that newton forster, who stood near, caughther round the waist, and prevented her from falling.
it certainly was a great presumption to take a young lady round the waistprevious to any introduction; but, at sea, we are not very particular; andif we do perceive that a lady is in danger of a severe fall, we do notstand upon etiquette.
what is more remarkable, we generally find that theladies excuse our unpolished manners, either upon the score of our goodintentions, or because there is nothing so very impertinent in them, afterall.
certain it is, that isabel, as soon as she had recovered from heralarm, thanked newton forster, with a sweet smile, for his timely aid, asshe again took the arm of captain drawlock, who escorted her to theweather-side of the quarter-deck.
"i have brought you one of your _protegees_, mrs ferguson," said captaindrawlock.
"how do you feel, miss revel?"
"like most young ladies, sir, a little giddy," replied isabel.
"i hope youwere not hurt, captain drawlock; i'm afraid that you fell by paying moreattention to me than to yourself."
"my duty, miss revel.
allow me to add, my pleasure," replied the captain,bowing.
"that's very politely said, captain drawlock," replied isabel.
"almost too polite, i think," observed mrs ferguson (who was out of humourat not being the first object of attention), "considering that captaindrawlock is a married man, with seven children."
the captain looked glum,and miss revel observing it, turned the conversation by inquiring--"who wasthat gentleman who saved me from falling?"
"mr newton forster, one of the mates of the vessel.
would you like to walk,miss revel, or remain where you are?"
"thank you, i will stay with mrs ferguson."
the gentlemen passengers had as yet but occasionally appeared on deck.
mengenerally suffer more from the distressing sickness than women.
as soon,however, as the news had been communicated below that the ladies were ondeck, some of the gentlemen immediately repaired to their trunks to makethemselves presentable, and then hastened on deck.
the first on deck wasthe old colonel, who tottered up the hatchway, and by dint of seizing ropeafter rope, at last succeeded in advancing his lines to within hearingrange of mrs ferguson, to whom he had been formally introduced.
hecommenced by lamenting his unfortunate sufferings, which had prevented himfrom paying those attentions, ever to him a source of enjoyment andgratification; but he was a martyr--quite a martyr; never felt anysensation which could be compared to it, except when he was struck in thebreast with a spent ball, in the battle of ----; that their appearance hadmade him feel revived already; that as the world would be a dark prisonwithout the sun, so would a ship be without the society of ladies;commenced a description of calcutta, and then--made a hasty retreat to thelee-gangway.
the young writer next made his appearance, followed by the two boys, whowere going out as cadets; the first, with a new pair of grey kid gloves,the others in their uniforms.
the writer descanted long upon his ownmiseries, without any inquiry or condolement for the sufferings of theladies.
the cadets said nothing; but stared so much at isabel revel, thatshe dropped her veil.
the ladies had been about a quarter of an hour on deck, when the sun, whichhad not shown itself for two days, gleamed through the clouds.
newton, whowas officer of the watch, and had been accustomed, when with mr berecroft,to work a chronometer, interrupted the captain, who was leaning on thecarronade, talking to mrs ferguson.
"the sun is out, and the horizon pretty clear, sir: you may have sights forthe chronometers."
"yes, indeed," said the captain, looking up; "be quick, and fetch mysextant.
you'll excuse me, ladies, but the chronometers must be attendedto."
"in preference to us, captain drawlock?--fie, for shame!"
"why, not exactly," replied the captain, "not exactly; but the fact is,that the sun may go in again."
"and we can stay out, i presume?"
replied isabel, laughing.
"i think, mrsferguson, we ought to go in too."
"but, my dear young lady, if the sun goes in, i shall not get a _sight!_""and if we go in, you will not get a sight either," replied mrs ferguson.
"between the two, sir," observed newton, handing captain drawlock hissextant, "you stand a chance of losing both.
there's no time to spare; i'mall ready."
captain drawlock walked to the break of the gangways, so far concealed fromthe ladies that they could not perceive that he was looking through hissextant, the use of which they did not comprehend, having never seen onebefore.
newton stood at the capstern, with his eyes fixed on the watch.
"captain drawlock," said mrs ferguson, calling to him, "allow me toobserve--""_stop_," cried captain drawlock, in a loud voice.
newton, to whom this wasaddressed, noted the time.
what can be the matter;" said mrs ferguson, withastonishment, to those near her; "how excessively rude of captaindrawlock;--what can it be?"
continued she, addressing the colonel, who hadrejoined them.
"really, madam, i cannot tell; but it is my duty to inquire," replied thecolonel, who, going up to captain drawlock, commenced--"have the ladiesalready so fallen in your estimation--""forty degrees!"
cried captain drawlock, who was intent upon his sextant.
"excuse me, sir, just now."
"when will you be at leisure, sir?"
resumed the colonel, haughtily.
"twenty-six minutes," continued the captain, reading off his sextant.
"a little sooner, i should hope, sir," retorted the colonel.
"this is really quite insufferable!
miss revel, we had better go in."
again cried captain drawlock, in a loud voice.
repeated mrs ferguson, angrily; "surely we are not slaves."
newton, who heard what was passing, could not repress his laughter.
"indeed, i am sure there must be some mistake, mrs ferguson," observedisabel.
"wait a little."
"forty-six minutes, thirty seconds," again read off the captain.
but the sun is behind that dark cloud, and we shall have nomore of his presence."
"nor of ours, i assure you, sir," said mrs ferguson, rising, as captaindrawlock walked from the gangway to the capstern.
"why, my dear madam, what is the matter?"
"we have not been accustomed to such peremptory language, sir.
it may bethe custom on board ship to holla 'stop' to ladies when they address you,or express a wish to leave the deck."
"my dearest madam, i do assure you, upon my honour, that you are under amistake.
i ordered mr forster to stop, not you."
replied the lady; "why, he was standing still the wholetime!"
it was not until the whole system of taking sights for chronometers hadbeen satisfactorily explained, that the lady recovered her good-humour.
while the captain was thus employed with mrs ferguson, newton, although itwas not necessary, explained the mystery to miss revel, who, with mrsferguson, soon after quitted the deck.
the sights taken proved the ship to be to the eastward of her reckoning.
the other ships in company had made the same discovery, and the course wasaltered one quarter of a point.
in two days they dropped their anchor infunchal roads.
but i must for a little while recross the bay of biscay, and, with myreader, look into the chambers of mr john forster.
"look    upon this child--i saved her, must not leave  her life to chance; but point me out some nook    of safety, where she less may shrink and grieve.
this child, who parentless, is therefore mine."
a few minutes after newton had quitted the chambers of his uncle, the clerkmade his appearance, announcing to mr john forster that a gentlemanrequested to speak to him.
"i asked the gentleman's name, sir," observed the clerk, shutting to thedoor, "but he did not choose to give it.
he has a little girl with him."
"very well, scratton, the little girl cannot concern me," replied the oldlawyer; "ask him to walk in;"--and he again conned over the brief, notchoosing to lose the minute which might elapse before he was again to beinterrupted.
the door was reopened, and edward forster, with amber holdinghim by the hand, entered the room.
"your servant, sir.
scratton, a chair--two chairs, scratton.
i beg yourpardon, young lady."
when the clerk had retired, mr john forster commenced as usual.--"now, sir,may i request the favour of asking your business with me?"
"you do not recollect me; nor am i surprised at it, as it is fifteen yearssince we last met.
time and suffering, which have worn me to a skeleton,have also worn out the remembrance of a brother.
i am edward forster."
well, i did not recollect you; but i'm very gladto see you, brother.
very strange--never have heard of one of my family foryears, and now they all turn up at once!
no sooner get rid of one, than upstarts another.
nicholas came from the lord knows where, the other day."
edward forster, who was better acquainted with his brother's character thannewton, took no notice of the abruptness of his remarks, but replied:"nicholas!
is he, then, alive?
i shall be delighted to see him."
replied john, "i was delighted to get rid of him.
take care ofyour watch or spectacles when you meet him."
i trust he is not such a character."
"but he is a character, i can tell you; not what you suppose--he's honestenough.
let me see--if my memory serves me, brother edward, we last metwhen you were passing through london on your way to ----, having beeninvalided, and having obtained a pension of forty pounds per annum for asevere wound received in action.
and pray, brother, where have you beenever since?"
"at the same spot, from which i probably never should have been induced toremove, had it not been for the sake of this little girl who is now withme."
"and pray who may be that little girl?
is she your daughter?"
"only by adoption."
for a half-pay lieutenant, that appears rather anexpensive whim!--bad enough to maintain children of our own begetting."
"you say true," replied edward; "but if in this instance i have incurred anexpense and responsibility, it must be considered to be more my misfortunethan my fault."
edward forster then entered into the particulars connectedwith amber's rescue.
"you must acknowledge, brother john," observed edward,as he closed his narrative, "that i could not well have acted otherwise;you would not yourself."
i don't know that; but this i do know, that you had better havestayed at home!"
"perhaps so, considering the forlorn prospects of the child; but we mustnot judge.
the same providence which willed that she should be somiraculously saved also willed that i should be her protector;--whyotherwise did the dog lay her at my feet?"
"because it had been taught to 'fetch and carry,' i suppose: but however,brother edward, i have no right to question your conduct.
if the girl is asgood as she is pretty, why all the better for her; but, as i am ratherbusy, let me ask if you have any more to say to me?"
"i have, john; and the discourse we have had is preliminary.
i am here witha child, forced upon me i may say, but still as dear to me as if she weremine own.
you must be aware that i have nothing but my pension and half-payto subsist upon.
i can save nothing.
my health is undermined and my lifeprecarious.
last winter i never expected to quit my bed again; and, as ilay in it, the thought naturally occurred of the forlorn and helpless statein which this poor little girl would be in case of my decease.
in a lonelycottage, without money--without family or friends to apply to--withoutanyone near her being made acquainted with her unfortunate history, whatwould have become of her?
it was this reflection which determined me, if mylife was spared, as soon as my health would permit, to come to you, theonly relative i was certain of still having in the world, that i mightacquaint you with her existence, and, with her history, confide to you thefew articles of dress which she wore when rescued, and which may eventuallylead to her recognition--a case of extreme doubt and difficulty, i grant;but the ways of providence are mysterious, and her return to the arms ofher friends will not be more wonderful than her preservation on thatdreadful night.
i never have applied to you in my own behalf,although conscious how ample are your means--and i never will; but i do nowplead in favour of this dear child.
worn out as i am, my pilgrimage onearth can be but short; and if you would smooth the pillow of a dyingbrother, promise him now that you will extend your bounty to this poororphan, when i'm no more!"
edward forster's voice was tremulous at the close of his appeal, and hisbrother appeared to be affected.
there was a silence of a minute, when thecustomary "humph!"
was ejaculated, and john forster then continued: "a veryfoolish business, brother--very foolish, indeed.
when nicholas and his soncame here the other day and applied to me--why it was all very well--therewas relationship; but really, to put another man's child upon me!"
"not while it pleases heaven to spare _my_ life, brother."
"'may you live a thousand years!'
then, as the spanish say; but, however,brother edward, as you say, the poor thing must not starve; so, if i am totake care of a child of another man's begetting, as soon as you are dead, ican only say, it will very much increase my sorrow at your loss.
come here,little one: what's your name?"
who the devil gave you that fool's name?"
"i did, brother," replied edward; "i thought it appropriate."
really can't see why.
why did you not call her sukey, or some namefit for a christian?
amber's a gum, is it not?
stop, let's see whatjohnson says."
the lawyer went to a case of books which were in the next room, andreturned with a quarto.
"now," said he, seating himself; "ag--al--am--ambassador--ambassadress--amber!--humph!
here it is, 'a yellow, transparent substance of a gummous orbituminous consistence, but of a resinous taste, and a smell like oil ofturpentine; chiefly found in the baltic sea or the coast of prussia.'
'some have imagined it to consist of the tears of birds; othersthe'--humph!--'of a beast; others the scum of the lake cephesis, near theatlantic; others a congelation in some fountains, where it is foundswimming like pitch.'
really, brother," continued the lawyer, fixing hiseyes on the little girl, and shutting the book, "i can't see the analogy."
"be her godfather, my dear brother, and call her any name you please."
"pray, papa," said amber, turning to edward forster, "what's the meaning of'humph'?"
repeated the lawyer, looking hard at amber.
"it implies yes or no, as it may be," replied edward forster, smiling.
"i never heard anyone say it before, papa.
you're not angry with me, sir?"
continued amber, turning round to john forster.
"no, not angry, little girl; but i'm too busy to talk to you--or indeedwith you, brother edward.
have you anything more to say?"
"nothing, my dear brother, if i have your promise."
"well, you have it; but what am i to do with her, god only knows!
i wishyou had kept better hours.
you mentioned some clothes which might identifyher to her relations; pray let me have them; for i shall have the greatestpleasure in restoring her to them, as soon as possible, after she is oncein my hands."
"here they are, brother," replied edward, taking a small packet from hiscoat-pocket; "you had better take charge of them now; and may god bless youfor having relieved my mind from so heavy a load!"
by taking it on my own shoulders," muttered john, as he walked tothe iron safe, to deposit the packet of linen; then returning to the table,"have you anything more to say, brother?"
"only to ask you where i may find my brother nicholas?"
"that i can't tell; my nephew told me somewhere down the river; but it's along way from here to the nore.
nephew's a fine lad; i sent him off to theeast indies."
"i am sorry then that i have no chance of seeing him:--but you are busy,brother?"
"i have told you so three times, as plain as i could speak!"
"i will no longer trespass on your time.
we return home to-morrow morning;and, as i cannot expect ever to see you again, god bless you, my dear john!
and farewell, i am afraid i may say, in this world at least, farewell forever!"
edward held out his hand to his brother.
it was taken with considerableemotion.
"farewell, brother, farewell!--i'll not forget."
"good-bye, sir," said amber, going close up to john forster.
"good-bye, my little girl," replied he, looking earnestly in her face; andthen, as if thawing towards her, as he scanned her beautiful and expressivefeatures, removing his spectacles and kissing her, "good-bye."
papa," cried amber, as she went out of the room, "he kissed me!"
said john forster, as the door closed upon them.
the spectacles were put on, and the reading of the brief immediatelycontinued.
"strickland.--these doings in my house distract me.
i met a fine gentleman; when i inquired who  he was--why, he came to clarinda.
i met  a footman too, and he came to clarinda.
my wife had the character of a virtuous  woman----."
"let us no more contend  each other, blamed enough elsewhere, but strive  in offices of love, how we may lighten  each other's burden in our share of woe."
i do not know a spot on the globe which astonishes and delights, upon yourfirst landing, as the island of madeira.
the voyager embarks, and is in all probability confined to his cabin,suffering under the dreadful protraction of sea-sickness.
perhaps he hasleft england in the gloomy close of the autumn, or the frigid concentrationof an english winter.
in a week, or even in a shorter period, he againviews that _terra firma_ which he had quitted with regret, and which in hissufferings he would have given half that he possessed to regain.
when he lands upon the island, what a change!
winter has become summer, thenaked trees which he left are exchanged for the most luxuriant and variedfoliage, snow and frost for warmth and splendour; the scenery of thetemperate zone for the profusion and magnificence of the tropics; fruitwhich he had never before seen, supplies for the table unknown to him; abright sky, a glowing sun, hills covered with vines, a deep-blue sea, apicturesque and novel costume; all meet and delight the eye, just at theprecise moment when to have been landed, even upon a barren island, wouldhave been considered as a luxury.
add to all this, the unboundedhospitality of the english residents, a sojourn too short to permitsatiety; and then is it to be wondered that the island of madeira is a"green spot" in the memory of all those who land there, or that they quitit with regret?
the _bombay castle_ had not been two hours at anchor before the passengershad availed themselves of an invitation from one of the english residents,and were quartered in a splendid house, which looked upon a square and oneof the principal churches in the city of funchal.
while the gentlemenamused themselves, at the extensive range of windows, with the novelty ofthe scene, and the ladies retired to their apartments to complete the hastytoilet of their disembarkation, captain drawlock was very busy in thecounting-house below, with the master of the house.
there were so manypipes of madeira for the honourable company; so many for the directors'private cellars, besides many other commissions for friends, which captaindrawlock had undertaken to execute; for at that period madeira wine had notbeen so calumniated as it latterly has been.
a word upon this subject.
i am a mortal enemy to every description ofhumbug; and i believe there is as much in the medical world as in anyother.
madeira wine had for a century been in high and deserved reputation,when on a sudden some fashionable physician discovers that it containedmore acid than sherry.
whether he was a sleeping partner in some spanishhouse, or whether he had received a present of a few pipes of sherry thathe might turn the scale of public favour towards that wine, i know not; butcertain it is, that it became fashionable with all medical gentlemen toprescribe sherry; and when once anything becomes fashionable, _c'est uneaffaire decidée_.
i do not pretend to be much of a pathologist; but on reading mr f----'sanalysis on the component parts of wine, i observed that in one hundredparts there are perhaps twenty-two parts of acid in madeira, and nineteenin sherry; so that, in fact, if you reduce your glass of madeira wine justone sip in quantity, you will imbibe no more acid than in a full glass ofsherry; and when we consider the variety of acids in sugar and othercompounds, which abound in culinary preparations, the fractional quantityupon which has been grounded the abuse of madeira wine appears to be mostridiculous.
but if not a pathologist, i have a most decided knowledge of what is goodwine; and if the gout should some day honour me with a visit, i shall atleast have the consolation to know that i have by potation most honestlyearned it.
but allowing that the medical gentlemen are correct, still their goodintentions are frustrated by the knavery of the world; and the result oftheir prescriptions is that people drink much more acid than they didbefore.
i do every justice to good old sherry when it does make itsappearance at table; it is a noble wine when aged and unsophisticated fromits youth; but for once that you meet with it genuine, you are twenty timesdisappointed.
when madeira wine was in vogue, the island could not producethe quantity required for consumption, and the vintage from the north sideof the island, or of teneriffe, was substituted.
this adulteration no doubtwas one cause of its losing its well-established reputation.
but madeirawine has a quality which in itself proves its superiority over all otherwines--namely, that although no other wine can be passed off as madeira,yet with madeira the wine-merchants may imitate any other wine that is indemand.
what is the consequence?
that madeira, not being any longer inrequest as madeira now that sherry is the "correct thing," and there notbeing sufficient of the latter to meet the increased demand, most of thewine vended as sherry is made from the inferior madeira wines.
reader, ifyou have ever been in spain, you may have seen the xerez or sherry winebrought from the mountains to be put into the cask.
a raw goat-skin, withthe neck-part and the four legs sewed up, forms a leathern bag, containingperhaps from fifteen to twenty gallons.
this is the load of one man, whobrings it down on his shoulder exposed to the burning rays of the sun.
whenit arrives, it is thrown down on the sand, to swelter in the heat with therest, and remains there probably for days before it is transferred into thecask.
it is this proceeding which gives to sherry that peculiar leathertwang which distinguishes it from other wines--a twang easy to imitate bythrowing into a cask of cape wine a pair of old boots, and allowing them toremain a proper time.
although the public refuse to drink madeira asmadeira, they are in fact drinking it in every way disguised--as port, assherry, &c.; and it is a well-known fact that the poorer wines from thenorth side of the island are landed in the london docks, and shipped off tothe continent, from whence they reappear in bottles as "peculiarly fineflavoured hock!"
now, as it is only the indifferent wines which are thus turned intosherry,--and the more inferior the wine, the more acid it contains,--ithink i have made out a clear case that people are drinking more acid thanthey did before this wonderful discovery of the medical gentlemen, who havefor some years led the public by the nose.
there are, however, some elderly persons of my acquaintance who are not tobe dissuaded from drinking madeira, but who continue to destroy themselvesby the use of this acid, which perfumes the room when the cork isextracted.
i did represent to one of them that it was a species of suicide,after what the doctors had discovered; but he replied, in a very gruff toneof voice, "may be, sir; but you can't teach an old dog new tricks!"
i consider that the public ought to feel very much indebted to me for this_exposé_.
madeira wine is very low, while sherry is high in price.
theyhave only to purchase a cask of madeira and flavour it with wellingtonboots or ladies' slippers, as it may suit their palates.
the former willproduce the high-coloured, the latter the pale sherry.
further, i considerthat the merchants of madeira are bound to send me a letter of thanks, witha pipe of bual to prove its sincerity.
now i recollect stoddart did promiseme some wine when he was last in england; but i suppose he has forgottenit.
but from the produce i must return to the island and my passengers.
thefirst day of their arrival they ate their dinner, took their coffee, andreturned to bed early to enjoy a comfortable night after so many ofconstant pitching and tossing.
the next morning the ladies were muchbetter, and received the visits of all the captains of the india ships, andalso of the captain of the frigate who escorted them.
the officers of the _bombay castle_ had been invited to dinner; and thefirst mate not being inclined to leave the ship, newton had for oneaccepted the invitation.
on his arrival, he discovered in the captain ofthe frigate his former acquaintance, captain carrington, in whose ship hehad obtained a passage from the west indies, and who, on the former beingpaid off, had been appointed to the command of the _boadicea_.
captaincarrington was delighted to meet newton; and the attention which he paid tohim, added to the encomiums bestowed when newton was out of hearing, raisedhim very high in the opinion, not only of captain drawlock, but also in theestimation of the ladies.
at the request of captain carrington, newton wasallowed to remain on shore till their departure from the island; and fromthis circumstance he became more intimate with the ladies than he would inall probability have otherwise been in the whole course of the voyage.
wemust pass over the gallop up to nostra senhora da monte,--an expeditionopposed by captain drawlock on the score of his responsibility; but he wasoverruled by captain carrington, who declared that newton and he were quitesufficient convoy.
we must pass over the many compliments paid to isabelrevel by captain carrington, who appeared desperately in love after anacquaintance of four-and-twenty hours, and who discovered a defect in the_boadicea_ which would occupy two or three days to make good, that he mightbe longer in her company; but we will not pass over one circumstance whichoccurred during their week's sojourn at this delightful island.
a certain portuguese lady of noble birth had been left a widow with twodaughters, and a fine estate to share between them.
the daughters werehandsome; but the estate was so much handsomer that it set all themandolins of the portuguese inamoratos strumming under the windows of thelady's abode from sunset to the dawn of day.
now, it did so occur, that a young english clerk in a mercantile house, whohad a fresh complexion and a clean shirt to boast of (qualificationsunknown to the portuguese), won the heart of the eldest daughter; and theold lady, who was not a very strict catholic, gave her consent to thisheretical union.
the catholic priests, who had long been trying to persuadethe old lady to shut up her daughters in a convent, and endow the churchwith her property, expressed a holy indignation at the intended marriage.
the portuguese gentlemen, who could not brook the idea of so many fairhills of vines going away to a stranger, were equally indignant: in short,the whole portuguese population of the island were in arms; but the oldlady, who had always contrived to have her way before her husband's death,was not inclined to be thwarted now that she was her own mistress; and,notwithstanding threats and expostulations from all quarters, she awaitedbut the arrival of an english man-of-war that the ceremony might beperformed, there being at that time no protestant clergyman on the island;for the reader must know that a marriage on board of a king's ship, by thecaptain, duly entered in the log-book, is considered as valid as if theceremony were performed by the archbishop of canterbury.
i once married a couple on board of a little ten-gun brig of which icondescended to take the command, to oblige the first lord of theadmiralty; offered, i believe, to _provide_ for me, and rid the board ofall future solicitations for employment or promotion.
it was one of my sailors, who had come to a determination to make an honestwoman of poll and an ass of himself at one and the same time.
the ceremonytook place on the quarter-deck.
"who gives this woman away?"
said i, withdue emphasis, according to the ritual.
"i do," cried the boatswain, in agruff voice, taking the said lady by the arm and shoving her towards me, asif he thought her not worth keeping.
everything went on seriously,nevertheless.
the happy pair were kneeling down on the union-jack, whichhad been folded on the deck in consideration of the lady's knees, and i wasin the middle of the blessing, when two pigs, which we had procured at stjago's, being then off that island (creatures more like english pigs onstilts than anything else, unless you could imagine a cross between a pigand a greyhound), in the lightness of their hearts and happy ignorance oftheir doom, took a frisk, as you often see pigs do on shore, commenced arun from forward right aft, and galloping to the spot where we were allcollected, rushed against the two just made one, destroying their centre ofgravity, and upsetting them; and, indeed, destroying the gravity andupsetting the seriousness of myself and the whole of the ship's company.
the lady recovered her legs, d--d the pigs, and, taking her husband's arm,hastened down the hatchway; so that i lost the kiss to which i was entitledfor my services.
i consoled myself by the reflection that, "please thepigs," i might be more fortunate the next time that i officiated in myclerical capacity.
this is a digression, i grant, but i cannot help it; itis the nature of man to digress.
who can say that he has through life keptin the straight path?
this is a world of digression; and i beg that criticswill take no notice of mine, as i have an idea that my digressions in thiswork are as agreeable to my readers, as my digressions in life have beenagreeable to myself.
when captain carrington anchored with his convoy in funchal roads,immediate application was made by the parties for the ceremony to beperformed on board of his ship.
it is true that, as mr ferguson hadarrived, it might have taken place on shore; but it was consideredadvisable, to avoid interruption and insult, that the parties should beunder the sanctuary of a british man-of-war.
on the fourth day after the_boadicea's_ arrival, the ceremony was performed on board of her by mrferguson; and the passengers of the _bombay_, residing at the house ofmr-----, who was an intimate friend of the bridegroom, received andaccepted the invitation to the marriage-dinner.
the feast was splendid, andafter the portuguese custom.
the first course was _boiled_: it consisted ofboiled beef, boiled mutton, boiled hams, boiled tongues, boiled bacon,boiled fowls, boiled turkeys, boiled sausages, boiled cabbages, boiledpotatoes, and boiled carrots.
duplicates of each were ranged in opposition,until the table groaned with its superincumbent weight.
all were cut up,placed in one dish, and handed round to the guests.
when they drank wine,every glass was filled, and everybody who filled his glass was expected todrink the health of every guest separately and by name before he emptiedit.
the first course was removed, and the second made its appearance, allroasted.
roast beef, roast veal, roast mutton, roast lamb, roast joints ofpork, roasted turkeys, roasted fowls, roasted sausages, roasted everything;the centre dish being a side of a large hog, rolled up like an enormousfillet of veal.
this, too, was done ample justice to by the portuguese partof the company, at least; and all was cleared away for the dessert,consisting of oranges, melons, pine-apples, guavas, citrons, bananas,peaches, strawberries, apples, pears, and, indeed, of almost every fruitwhich can be found in the whole world; all of which appear to naturalisethemselves at madeira.
it was now supposed by the uninitiated that thedinner was over; but not so: the dessert was cleared away, and on came an_husteron proteron_ medley of pies and puddings, in all their varieties,smoking hot, boiled and baked; custards and sweetmeats, cheese and olives,fruits of all kinds preserved, and a hundred other things, from which thegods preserve us!
at last the feast was really over--the portuguese pickedtheir teeth with their forks, and the wine was circulated briskly.
on suchan occasion as the marriage of her daughter, the old lady had resolved totap a pipe of madeira, which was, at the very least, fifty years old, veryfine in flavour, but, from having been so long in the wood, little inferiorin strength to genuine cognac.
the consequence was that many of thegentlemen became noisy before the dinner was over; and their mirth wasincreased to positive uproar upon a message being sent by the bishop,ordering, upon pain of excommunication, that the ceremony should proceed nofurther.
the ladies retired to the withdrawing-room: the gentlemen soonfollowed; but the effects of the wine were so apparent upon most of themthat captain drawlock summoned newton to his assistance, and was in a stateof extreme anxiety until his "responsibilities" were safe at home.
shortlyafterwards, captain carrington and those who were the least affected, bypersuasion and force, removed the others from the house; and the bridalparty were left to themselves, to deliberate whether they should or shouldnot obey the preposterous demands of the reverend bishop.
captain carrington was excessively fond of a joke, and never lost theopportunity when it occurred: now, it happened that in the party invitedthere was a merchant of the name of sullivan, who, upon his last visit toengland, had returned with a very pretty, and at the same time, a verycoquettish young lady as his wife.
it happened, in the casualties of alarge dinner party, that the old colonel (ellice was his name, if i havenot mentioned it before) was seated next to her, and, as usual, wasremarkably attentive.
mr sullivan, like many other gentlemen, was veryinattentive to his wife, and, unlike most irishmen, was very jealous ofher.
the very marked attention of the colonel had not escaped his notice;neither did his fidgeting upon this occasion escape the notice of thoseabout him, who were aware of his disposition.
the poor colonel was one ofthose upon whose brain the wine had taken the most effect; and it was notuntil after sundry falls, and being again placed upon his legs, that he hadbeen conveyed home between captain carrington and mr----, the merchant atwhose house the party from the _bombay castle_ were residing.
the ensuingmorning he did not make his appearance at breakfast; and the gentlemenresiding on the island, commenting upon the events of the evening before,declared in a joking way that they should not be surprised at mr sullivansending him a challenge in the course of the morning; that was, if he wasup so soon, as he had quitted the house in a greater state of inebrietythan even the colonel.
it was upon this hint that captain carringtonproposed to have some amusement; and having arranged it with one of thejunior partners of the house, he went into the room of the colonel, whom hefound still in bed.
"well, colonel, how do you find yourself?"
said captain carrington, when hehad roused him.
very bad, indeed: my head is ready to split; never felt such asensation in my head before, except when i was struck with a spent ball atthe battle of--""i am very sorry for your headache, colonel: but more sorry that the wineshould have played you such a trick last night."
replied the colonel; "i was completely overcome.
i do notrecollect a word that passed after i quitted the dinner-table."
"are you serious?
do you not recollect the scene with mrs sullivan?"
my dear sir, what scene?
i certainly paid every attentiondue to a very pretty woman; but i recollect no further."
"not the scene in the drawing-room?"
"god bless me!--no--i do not even recollect ever going into thedrawing-room!
pray tell me what i said or did: i hope nothing improper."
"why, that depends very much whether the lady likes it or not; but in thepresence of so many people--""merciful powers!
captain carrington, pray let me know at once what follyit was that i committed."
"why, really, i am almost ashamed to enter into particulars: suffice tosay, that you used most unwarrantable freedom towards her."
"is it possible?"
cried the colonel.
"now, captain carrington, are you notjoking?"
"ask this gentleman; he was present."
the assertion of the captain was immediately corroborated, and the colonelwas quite aghast.
"excuse me, gentlemen, i will run immediately--that abominable wine.
i mustgo and make a most ample apology.
i am bound to do it, as a gentleman, asan officer, and as a man of honour."
captain carrington and his confederate quitted the room, satisfied with thesuccess of their plot.
the colonel rose, and soon afterwards made hisappearance.
he swallowed a cup of coffee, and then proceeded on his visit,to make the _amende honorable_.
when mr sullivan awoke from the lethargy produced from the stupefyingeffects of the wine, he tried to recollect the circumstances of thepreceding evening; but he could trace no further than to the end of thedinner, after which his senses had been overpowered.
all that he could callto memory was, that somebody had paid great attention to his wife, and thatwhat had passed afterwards was unknown.
this occasioned him to rise in avery jealous humour; and he had not been up more than an hour, when thecolonel sent up his card, requesting, as a particular favour, that the ladywould admit him.
the card and message were taken by the servant to mr sullivan, whosejealousy was again roused by the circumstance; and wishing to know if theperson who had now called was the same who had been so attentive to hiswife on the preceding evening, and the motives of the call, he requestedthat the colonel might be shown in, without acquainting his wife, whom hehad not yet seen, with his arrival.
the colonel, who intended to have madean apology to the lady without the presence of a third person, least of allof her husband, ascended the stairs, adjusting his hair and cravat, andprepared with all the penitent assurance and complimentary excuses of a tooardent lover.
the fact was, that, although the colonel had expressed tocaptain carrington his regret and distress at the circumstance, yet, as anold adonis, he was rather proud of this instance of juvenile indiscretion.
when, therefore, he entered the room, and perceived, instead of the lady,mr sullivan, raised up to his utmost height, and looking anything butgood-humoured, he naturally started back, and stammered out something whichwas unintelligible.
his behaviour did not allay the suspicions of mrsullivan, who requested, in a haughty tone, to be informed of the reasonwhy he had been honoured with a visit.
the colonel became more confused,and totally losing his presence of mind, replied:--"i called, sir,--on mrs sullivan,--to offer an apology for my conduct lastnight; but as i perceive that she is not visible, i will take a morefavourable opportunity."
"any apology you may have to offer to my wife, sir," replied mr sullivan,"may be confided to me.
may i inquire the circumstances which have occurredto render an apology necessary?"
and mr sullivan walked to the door andclosed it.
"why, really, mr sullivan, you must be aware that circumstances may occur,"replied the colonel, more confused: "the fact is, that i consider it myduty, as a gentleman and a man of honour, to express my regrets to yourfair lady."
"my fair lady!
for what, sir, may i ask?"
"why, sir," stammered the colonel, "to state the truth, for, as a gentlemanand a man of honour, i ought not to be ashamed to acknowledge myerror--for--the very improper behaviour which i was guilty of last night."
"improper behaviour, sir!--d--nation!
with my wife?"
roared mr sullivan, inhis rage.
"what behaviour, sir?
and when, sir?"
"really, sir, i was too much affected with the wine to know anything whichpassed.
i did hope to have addressed the lady in person on the subject, andi came here with that intention."
"i daresay you did, sir."
"but," continued the colonel, "as it appears i am not to have that honour,i consider that i have done my duty in requesting that you will convey mysentiments of regret for what has passed;--and now, sir, i wish you a goodmorning."
"good morning," retorted the husband, with a sneer, "and observe, sir, iwill not trouble you to call again.
william, show this gentleman outsidethe door."
the colonel, who was descending the stairs, turned round to mr sullivan atthe latter part of his speech, and then, as if thinking better of it, heresumed his descent, and the door was immediately closed upon him.
mr sullivan, as soon as he was satisfied that the colonel was shut out,immediately repaired to his wife's dressing-room, where he found herreading.
"madam," said he, fixing his eyes sternly on her, "i have been informed ofwhat took place last night."
"i'm sure i do not know what that was," replied the lady, coolly, "exceptthat you were very tipsy."
"granted, madam; you took advantage of it; and your conduct--""my conduct, mr sullivan!"
replied his wife, kindling with anger.
"yes, mrs sullivan, your conduct.
a married woman, madam, who allowsgentlemen--""gentlemen, mr sullivan!
i allow no gentleman but yourself.
are you surethat you are quite sober?"
"yes, madam, i am; but this affected coolness will not avail you: deny, ifyou can, that colonel ellice did not last night--""well, then, i do deny it.
neither colonel ellice nor any other man everdid--""did what, madam?"
interrupted the husband in a rage.
"i was going to observe, if you had not interrupted me, that no one waswanting in proper respect towards me," replied the lady, who grew more coolas her husband increased in choler.
"pray, mr sullivan, may i inquire whois the author of this slander?"
"the author, madam!
look at me--to your confusion look at me!"
"well, i'm looking."
"'twas, madam--the colonel himself."
"the colonel himself!"
"yes, madam, the colonel himself, who called this morning to see you andrenew the intimacy, i presume; but by mistake was shown up to me, and thenmade an apology for his conduct."
"it's excessively strange!
first the colonel is rude, without my knowledge,and then apologises to you!
mr sullivan, i'm afraid that your head is notright this morning."
"indeed, madam, i only wish that your heart was as sound," replied thehusband, with a sneer; "but, madam, i am not quite blind.
an honestwoman--a virtuous woman, mrs sullivan, would have immediately acquaintedher husband with what had passed--not have concealed it; still less havehad the effrontery to deny it, when acknowledged by her _paramour_."
cried the lady, with an hysterical laugh; "mr sullivan, wheni select a _paramour_, it shall be a handsome young man--not an old,yellow-faced--""pshaw, madam!
there's no accounting for taste; when a woman deviates fromthe right path--""right path!
if ever i deviated from the right path, as you call it, it waswhen i married such a wretch as you!
yes, sir," continued the lady,bursting into tears, "i tell it you now--my life has been a torment to meever since i married (sobbing)--always suspected for nothing (sob,sob)--jealous, detestable temper (sob)--go to my friends (sob)--hereaftermay repent (sob)--then know what you've lost" (sob, sob, sob).
"and, madam," replied mr sullivan, "so may you also know what you havelost, before a few hours have passed away; then, madam, the time may comewhen the veil of folly will be rent from your eyes, and your conduct appearin all its deformity.
farewell, madam--perhaps for ever!"
the lady made no reply; mr sullivan quitted the room, and, repairing to hiscounting-house, wrote a challenge to the colonel and confided the deliveryof it to one of his friends, who unwillingly accepted the office of second.
"he's truly valiant, that can wisely suffer  the worst that man can breathe, and make his wrongs  his outsides: to wear them, like his raiment, carelessly,  and ne'er prefer his injuries to his heart,  to bring it into danger."
the colonel, in the meantime, had returned to the house where he wasresiding, when he was immediately accosted by captain carrington and theother gentlemen who had been let into the secret of the plot.
during hiswalk home the colonel had been ruminating on his dismissal, and had notquite made up his mind whether he ought or ought not to resent the conductof mr sullivan.
naturally more inclined for peace than war, by the timethat he had arrived home he had resolved to pocket the affront, whencaptain carrington called him on one side, and obtained from him arecapitulation of what had passed; which probably never would have beengiven if the colonel had not considered the communication as confidential.
this, however, did not suit the intentions of captain carrington, who feltinclined for more mischief; and, when the colonel had concluded hisnarrative, he replied, "upon my word, colonel, as you observe, this conducton the part of mr sullivan is not exactly what can be permitted by usmilitary men.
i hardly know how to advise; indeed, i would not take theresponsibility; however, i will consult with mr s---- and mr g----, and ifyou will leave your honour in our hands, depend upon it we will do youstrict justice:" and captain carrington quitted the colonel, who would haveexpostulated, and, walking up to the other gentlemen, entered into arecapitulation of the circumstances.
a wink of his eye, as his back wasturned to the colonel, fully expressed to the others the tenor of theadvice which they were to offer.
"well, gentlemen, what is your opinion?"
said the captain, as he concludedhis narrative.
"i think," replied mr s----, with a serious face, "there can be butone--our gallant friend has been most grossly insulted.
i think," continuedhe, addressing the colonel, who had quitted the sofa, in his anxiety toknow the issue of their debate, "that i should most decidedly ask him whathe meant."
"or rather demand an apology," observed mr g----.
"which mr sullivan, as a man of honour, is bound to offer, and the colonel,as a gentleman and an officer, has a right to insist upon.
do you not thinkso, captain carrington?"
said mr s----.
"why, i always have been more inclined to be a peacemaker than otherwise,if i can," replied captain carrington.
"if our gallant friend the colonelis not sure that mr sullivan did use the words, 'i won't trouble you tocall again,'--are you positive as to the exact words, colonel?"
"why, to the best of my recollection," replied the colonel, "i rather thinkthose were the words.
i may be mistaken:--it was certainly--most certainly,something to that effect."
"were they 'requesting you to call again?'"
said captain carrington.
"no, no, that they were certainly not."
"well, they could be but one or the other.
then, gentlemen, the case isclear--the words were uttered," said mr s----.
"now captain carrington,what would you advise?"
"i really am vexed to say that i do not see how our friend, colonel ellice,can do otherwise than demand an apology, or a meeting."
"could not i treat him with contempt, captain carrington?"
"why, not exactly," replied mr s----.
"sullivan is of good family--thesullivans of bally cum poop.
he was some time in the 48th regiment, and wasobliged to retire from it for challenging his colonel."
"well, gentlemen," replied the colonel, "i suppose i must leave my honourin your hands, although it does appear to me that our time is very shortfor such arrangements.
we sail early to-morrow morning, captain carrington;at daylight i think you said, and it will be too late to-night."
"my dear colonel, i will risk a rebuke from the admiralty," replied thecaptain, "rather than not allow you to heal your wounded honour.
i willstay till the day after tomorrow, should it be requisite for thearrangement of this business."
"thank you, many thanks," replied the colonel, with an expression ofdisappointment.
"then i had better prepare the letter?"
"carta por senhor commandante," interrupted a portuguese, presenting aletter to the colonel; "o senhor embaixo; queir risposta."
the colonel opened the letter, which contained mr sullivan'schallenge,--pistols--tomorrow morn, at daylight--one mile on the road tomachico.
the colonel's countenance changed two or three shades less yellow as heread the contents: recovering himself with a giggle, he handed the letterto captain carrington.
"you see, captain, the gentleman has saved me the trouble--he, he, he!
these little affairs are common to gentlemen of our profession--he, he!
and, since the gentleman wishes it, why, i presume--he, he!
that we mustnot disappoint him."
"since you are both of one mind, i think there will be some business done,"observed mr s----.
"i perceive that he is in earnest by the place named forthe meeting.
we generally settle our affairs of honour in the loo-fields;but i suppose he is afraid of interruption.--they want an answer, colonel."
he shall have one," replied the colonel, tittering with excitement;"he shall have one.
what hour does he say?"
"oh, we will arrange all that.
come, colonel," said captain carrington,taking him familiarly by the arm, and leading him away.
the answer was despatched, and they sat down to dinner.
many were thefriendly and encouraging glasses of wine drank with the colonel, whorecovered his confidence, and was then most assiduous in his attentions tothe ladies, to prove his perfect indifference.
he retired at an early hour,nevertheless.
in the meantime mr sullivan had received the answer, and had retired to hiscounting-house, to arrange his affairs in case of accident.
he had not seenhis wife since the _fracas_.
and now we will leave them both for a while,and make a few remarks upon duelling.
most people lament, many abuse, the custom as barbarous; but barbarous itis not, or it would not be necessary in a state of high civilisation.
it istrue, that by the practice we offend laws human and divine; but, at thesame time, it must be acknowledged, that neither law nor religion can keepsociety in such good order, or so restrain crime.
the man who would defythe penalty of the law, and the commandments of his god against seductionwill, however, pause in his career, when he finds that there are brothersto avenge an injured sister.
and why so?--because in this world we live asif we were in a tavern, careless of what the bill is which we run up, butdreading the day of reckoning, which the pistol of our adversary may bringat once.
thus duelling may be considered as a necessary evil, arising outof our wickedness; a crime in itself rare in occurrence, but which preventsothers of equal magnitude from occurring every day; and, until the world isreformed, nothing can prevent it.
men will ever be governed by theestimation of the world: and until the whole world decide againstduelling--until it has become the usage to offer the other cheek upon thefirst having been smitten--then, and not till then, will the practice bediscontinued.
when a man refuses to fight a duel, he is stigmatised as acoward, his company is shunned, and unless he is a wretch without feeling,his life becomes a burden.
men have refused from purely conscientiousmotives, and have subsequently found themselves so miserable, from theneglect and contumely of the world, that they have _backslided_, and havefought to recover their place in society.
there have been some few--veryfew--who, having refused from conscientious motives, have adhered to theseresolutions, because they feared god and not man.
there was more courage intheir refusal than if they had run the gauntlet of a hundred duels; a moralcourage which is most rare,--preferring the contempt of man to the wrath ofgod.
it is, however, the most trying situation on this side of the grave.
to refuse to fight a duel, is in fact to obey the stern injunction, "leaveall, and follow me."
for my part, i never have and never will fight a duel, if i can help it.
ihave a double motive for my refusal; in the first place, i am afraid tooffend the deity; and in the next, i am afraid of being shot.
i have,therefore, made up my mind never to meet a man except upon what i considerfair terms; for when a man stakes his life, the gambling becomes ratherserious, and an equal value should be laid down by each party.
if, then, aman is not so big--not of equal consequence in the consideration of hisfellow-mites--not married, with five small children, as i am--not having somuch to lose,--why, it is clear that i risk more than he does; the stake isnot equal, and i therefore shall not meet him.
if, on the contrary, hepresents a broader target--if he is my superior in rank, more patriarchalat home, or has so many hundreds per annum more--why, then thedisadvantages will be on his side; and i trust i am too much of agentleman, even if he offers to waive all these considerations, to permithim to fight.
it would be _swindling_ the man out of his life.
the best advice i can offer to my friends under these unpleasantcircumstances is, first to try if they cannot persuade their adversaries tomake an apology: and if they will not, why, then, let them make onethemselves; for although the making an apology creates a very uneasysensation, and goes very much _against_ the stomach, yet, depend upon it, awell-directed bullet creates a much more uneasy feeling, and, what isworse, goes _directly into it_.
we left mrs sullivan sobbing in her anger, when her husband bounded out ofthe room in his heroics.
at the time that he made the threat she was in nohumour to regard it; but as her anger gradually subsided, so did her alarmincrease.
notwithstanding that she was a coquette, she was as warmlyattached to her husband as he was to her; if she trifled, it was only forher amusement, and to attract that meed of admiration to which she had beenaccustomed previous to her marriage, and which no woman can renounce on herfirst entry into that state.
men cannot easily pardon jealousy in theirwives; but women are more lenient towards their husbands.
love,hand-in-hand with confidence, is the more endearing; yet, when confidencehappens to be out of the way, love will sometimes associate with jealousy;still, as this disagreeable companion proves that love is present, and ashis presence is what a woman and all a woman asks, she suffers jealousy,nay, sometimes even becomes partial to him, for the sake of love.
now, that mrs sullivan had been most unjustly accused, the reader mustknow, and, moreover, that she had great reason to feel irritated.
when hertears had subsided, for some time she continued in her chair, awaiting,with predetermined dignity, the appearance and apology of mr sullivan.
after some time had elapsed, she wondered why he did not come.
dinner wasannounced, and she certainly expected to meet him then, and she waited forsome minutes to see if he would not take this opportunity of coming up toher;--but no.
she then presumed that he was still in the sulks, and had satdown to table without her, and therefore, as he would not come--why, shewent; but he was not at the table.
every minute she expected him:--had hebeen told?--where was he?--he was in the counting-house, was the reply.
mrssullivan swallowed a few mouthfuls, and then returned upstairs.
tea wasmade--announced to mr sullivan, yet he came not.
it remained on the table;the cup poured out for him was cold.
the urn had been sent down, withstrict injunctions to keep the water boiling, and all was cleared away.
mrssullivan fidgeted and ruminated, and became uneasy.
he never had been atvariance for so many hours since their marriage, and all for nothing!
atlast the clock struck ten, and she rang the bell.--"where is mrsullivan?"
--"in the counting-house."
--"tell him that i wish to speak withhim."
mr sullivan had not answered him, and the door was locked inside.
this intelligence created a little irritation, and checked the tide ofaffection.
"before all the servants--so inconsiderate--it was quiteinsulting!"
with a heavy heart, mrs sullivan lighted the chamber candle,and went upstairs to bed.
once she turned down the stairs two or threesteps, intending to go to the counting-house door; but her pride restrainedher, and she reascended.
in an hour mrs sullivan was in bed, expecting herhusband every minute, listening at the slightest sound for his footsteps;but two o'clock came, and he was still away.
she could bear up against hersuspense and agitation no longer; she rose, threw on her _robe de nuit_,and descended the stairs.
all the family had long retired, and everythingwas still: her light foot made no noise as she tripped along.
as she nearedthe door she perceived the light gleaming through the key-hole.
whether topeep or to speak first--he might be fast asleep.
curiosity prevailed--shelooked through the key-hole, and perceived her husband very busy writing.
after he had finished his letter he threw down the pen, pressed hisforehead with both hands, and groaned deeply.
mrs sullivan could refrain nolonger.
cried she, in a soft, imploring voice: but shewas not answered.
again and again did she repeat his name, until an answer,evidently wrung from him by impatience, was returned--"it is too late now."
"too late, dear william!
yes, it is very late--it's almost three o'clock.
let me in, william--pray do!"
"leave me alone: it's the last favour i shall probably ever request ofyou."
"the last favour!
you frighten me so:--dear william--do--dolet me in.
i'm so cold--i shall die:--only for one moment, and i'll blessyou.
pray do, william!"
it was not until after repeated and repeated entreaties of this kind thatmr sullivan, worn out by importunity, at last opened the door.
"mary, i am very busy; i have opened the door to tell you so, and torequest that you will not interrupt me.
now oblige me by going to bed."
but getting in was everything; and a young and pretty wife, in dishabilleand in tears, imploring, entreating, conjuring, promising, coaxing, andfondling, is not quite so easy to be detached when once she has gainedaccess.
in less than half an hour mr sullivan was obliged to confess thather conduct had been the occasion of a meeting being agreed upon for thatmorning, and that he was arranging his affairs in case of a melancholytermination.
"you now, mary, must see the consequences of your conduct.
by yourimprudence, your husband's life is risked, probably sacrificed; but this isno time to be at variance.
i forgive you, mary--from my soul i do, as ihope for pardon myself."
mrs sullivan burst into a paroxysm of tears; and it was some time beforeshe could answer.
"william," cried she, energetically, "as you well say,this is no time to be at variance, neither is it a time for falsehood.
whati stated to you this morning was true;--if not, may i never hope forpardon!
and may heaven never be opened to me!
you have beendeceived--grossly deceived; for what purpose, i know not: but so it is.
donot, therefore, be rash.
send for all who were present, and examine them;and if i have told you a falsehood, put me away from you, to the shame andseclusion i shall so well deserve."
"it is too late, mary; i have challenged him, and he has accepted it.
ifain would believe you; but he told me so himself."
"then he told a lie!
a base, cowardly lie!
which sinks him beneath thenotice of a gentleman.
let me go with you and confront him.
only let himdare to say it to my face; 'tis all i ask, william, that i may clear myfame with you.
come to bed--nay, nay, don't refuse me," and poor mrssullivan again burst into tears.
we must leave the couple to pass the remaining hours in misery, which,however, reclaimed them both from faults.
mrs sullivan never coquettedmore; and her husband was, after this, never jealous but on trifles.
the colonel was just as busy on his side in preparing for the chances ofthe morrow: these chances, however, were never tried; for captaincarrington and his confederates had made their arrangements.
mr sullivanwas already dressed, his wife clinging to him in frantic despair, when aletter was left at his door, the purport of which was that colonel ellicehad discovered that his companions had been joking with him, when they hadasserted that during his state of inebriety he had offered any rudeness tomrs sullivan.
as, therefore, no offence had been committed, colonel ellicetook it for granted that mr suillivan would be satisfied with theexplanation.
mrs sullivan, who devoured the writing over her husband's shoulder, sankdown on her knees in gratitude, and was raised to her husband's arms, who,as he embraced her, acknowledged his injustice.
the same party who wrote this epistle also framed another in imitation ofmr sullivan's handwriting, in which mr sullivan acquainted the colonel,that having been informed by a mutual friend that he had been in errorrelative to colonel ellice's behaviour of the night before, he begged towithdraw the challenge, and apologise for having suspected the colonel ofincivility, &c. that having been informed that colonel ellice embarked atan early hour, he regretted that he would not be able to pay his respectsto him, and assure him, &c.the receipt of this letter, just as the colonel had finished a cup ofcoffee, preparatory to starting, made him, as a single man, quite as happyas the married couple: he hastened to put the letter into the hands ofcaptain carrington, little thinking that he was handing it over to thewriter.
"you observe, captain carrington, he won't come to the scratch.
perhaps aswell for him that he does not," said the colonel, chuckling in his glee.
the breakfast was early; the colonel talked big, and explained the wholeaffair to the ladies, quite unconscious that everyone in the company knewthat the hoax had been played upon him.
before noon, everyone hadre-embarked on board of their respective ships, and their lofty sails wereexpanded to a light and favouring breeze.
"isabel.--anywhere to avoid matrimony: the thought of a husband is  terrible to me.
inis.--but if you might choose for yourself, i fancy matrimony would  be no such frightful thing to you."
"_the wonder._"the _boadicea_, with the indiamen, proceeded on to their destination,captain carrington taking every opportunity which light winds and smoothwater afforded him of paying his respects to the ladies on board of the_bombay castle_, or of inviting them on board of the frigate.
the fact wasthat he had fallen most desperately in love with isabel revel, and paid herthe most marked attention; but, although a pleasant, light-heartedcompanion, and a young man of good family and prospects, isabel revel hadnot fallen in love with him: she liked his company, but nothing more.
in a month the squadron had arrived at the island of st helena, to whichcaptain carrington had been ordered to convoy them: his directions werethen to cruise in a certain latitude, and ultimately to proceed on to theeast indies, if he did not fall in with the vessels he expected.
it was,therefore, but parting to meet again; but during the short time that theyrefitted and completed their water at st helena, captain carringtonproposed, and was politely refused by isabel revel.
impatient as a boy whohas been denied his plaything, he ordered his stores immediately on board,and the next day quitted the island.
it may appear strange that a younglady, obviously sent out on speculation, should have refused soadvantageous an offer; for the speculation commences with the voyage.
someladies are selected at madeira.
since the cape has been in our possession,several have been induced to stay in that colony; and very often shipsarrive with only the refuse of their cargo for the intended market in theeast.
but isabel revel had consented to embark on the score of filial duty,not to obtain a husband, unless she liked the gentleman who proposed; andcaptain carrington did not happen to come up to her fanciful ideas of theperson to be chosen for life.
captain carrington did not impart theintelligence of his ill-success to anyone but newton, who was employed tocarry his farewell message.
his secret was faithfully kept by both.
isabelrevel was not one of those young ladies who would make use of such anunworthy advantage to heighten her consequence in the eyes of others.
butthere was another reason, not exactly known to isabel herself at the time,which prevented her from listening to the proposals of captain carrington.
had she questioned her own heart, she would have discovered that she wasprepossessed in favour of one who as unconsciously had become attached toher.
he knew his own feelings, but had checked them in the bud, aware thathe had nothing to offer but himself.
this person was newton forster.
hisintimacy with captain carrington, the attention shown him by captaindrawlock (who entrusted him to work the chronometers!!
), his own excellentcharacter and handsome person, had raised him to more importance than hissituation as a junior officer would have warranted; and his behaviour wassuch as to have secured him the good-will of everyone on board of the ship.
newton's unassuming, frank manner, added to a large stock of generalinformation, occasioned his society to be courted, even by those who wouldotherwise have been inclined to keep at a distance one in his subordinaterank.
when they arrived at st helena, the first mate, for a wonder, no longermade any difficulty of going on shore for an hour or two, if he knew thatnewton would be the commanding officer during his absence; nay, so high didhe stand in the opinion of his captain, that not only was he permitted totake charge of the chronometers, but if called away for a time below,captain drawlock would hand over to newton's charge any one of theunmarried _responsibilities_ who might happen to be leaning on his arm.
the india men being now left to protect themselves, the senior officer,commodore bottlecock, issued most elaborate memorandum, as to the order ofsailing, exercise of the men at the great guns and small arms, and everyother point which could tend to their security by due preparation.
nevertheless, the ladies continued to appear on deck.
mrs ferguson sate inher majesty; the young ladies tittered, and were reprimanded; the younggentlemen were facetious, and were rebuked; the old colonel talked of hisadventure at madeira, and compared everything to the spent ball in thebattle of----.
dr plausible had become a most assiduous attendant upon misstavistock, ever since he had satisfactorily ascertained that she hadproperty of her own; everybody had become intimate: everyone was becomingtired, when the bearings and distance at noon placed them about two hundredmiles from point de galle, the southernmost extremity of ceylon.
the windwas fresh and fair, and they congratulated each other upon a speedytermination to their tedious voyage.
dinner was announced by the old tune of "oh!
the roast beef of oldengland;" and during a long voyage the announcement of dinner is a verygreat relief every way.
as had been the invariable rule throughout thewhole of the voyage, miss charlotte and miss laura revel were placed on theone side of captain drawlock, miss tavistock and isabel revel on the other.
they were flanked on the other side by mrs and mr ferguson, who thusseparated them from any undue collision with the gentlemen passengers orofficers of the ship.
the colonel was placed next to mrs ferguson, theyoung writer next to her husband: then the two cadets, supported by thedoctor and purser, the remainder of the table being filled up with theofficers of the ship, with the first mate at the foot.
such was the orderof captain drawlock's dinner-sailing; as strictly adhered to as thememorandum of commodore bottlecock: the only communication permitted withthe young ladies under his charge (unless married men) being to "requestthe honour of drinking a glass of wine with them."
all this may appear very absurd; but a little reflection will convince thereader to the contrary.
there is a serious responsibility on a captain ofan india man, who takes charge of perhaps a dozen young women, who are tobe cooped up for months in the same ship with as many young men.
love,powerful everywhere, has on the waters even more potent sway, hereditary, ipresume, from his mother's nativity.
idleness is the friend of love; andpassengers have little or nothing to do to while away the tedium of avoyage.
in another point, he has great advantage, from the limited numberof the fair sex.
in a ball or in general society, a man may see hundreds ofwomen, admire many, yet fall in love with none.
numbers increase thedifficulty of choice, and he remains delighted, but not enslaved.
but onboard of a ship, the continued presence of one whom he admires bycomparison out of the few--one who, perhaps, if on shore, would in a shorttime be eclipsed by another, but who here shines without competition--givesher an advantage which, assisted by idleness and opportunity, magnifies herattractions, and sharpens the arrow of all conquering love.
captaindrawlock perhaps knew this from experience; he knew also that the friendsof one party, if not of both, might be displeased by any contract formedwhen under his surveillance, and that his character and the character ofhis ship (for ships nowadays have characters, and very much depend uponthem for their well doing) might suffer in consequence.
strict as he mighttherefore appear, he was only doing his duty.
grace being requested from mr ferguson, he indulged the company with onequite as long as usual; rather too long, considering that the ship was veryunsteady, and the ladies had to cling to the table for support.
but mrferguson was not a sailor, or he would have known that it is the custom toreduce the grace in proportion with the canvas.
when the royals are set, wesubmit to a homily; under double-reefed topsails, a blessing; but understorm stay-sails, an ejaculation is considered as orthodox.
"mrs ferguson, will you permit me to send you a little mulligatawny?"
saidcaptain drawlock: "if you prefer it, there is sheep's head broth at theother end of the table."
"then i will take a little of the broth, if you please, captain drawlock."
"mr mathews, mrs ferguson will take some broth.
i am sorry, mrs ferguson,that our table is so ill supplied; but a long voyage and bad weather hasbeen very fatal to our hen-coops."
"indeed, captain drawlock, you need not apologise."
nor was there anyoccasion, for the table was loaded.
"perhaps miss laura revel will permit me to send her a slice of thismutton?"
said the obsequious colonel.
"no, i thank you; i have eaten nothing but mutton lately.
i think i shallbe a sheep myself soon," added the young lady, tittering.
"that would be very much against your inclination, i should think, misslaura," observed mrs ferguson, tartly.
how do you know, mrs ferguson?"
"because a sheep never changes its name until after it is dead.
i shrewdlysuspect you would like to change yours before."
--(this was a hard hit.)
"as you have yours, mrs ferguson," quietly answered isabel, in support ofher sister.
"very fair on both sides," said the colonel, bowing to the ladies, who sattogether.
"pray, miss laura, don't talk of being a sheep, we are all readyto devour you as it is."
you don't say so?"
replied the young lady, much pleased.
"colonel ellice," interrupted captain drawlock, with a serious air,"several of the company will thank you to carve that joint, when you havefinished paying your compliments.
miss tavistock, the honour of a glass ofwine.
we have not had the pleasure of your company on deck to-day."
"no, captain drawlock.
i did intend to come, but my health is in such adelicate state, that by the advice of dr plausible i remained below."
"miss tavistock, will you allow me to send you some mutton?"
"if you please, colonel; a very small slice."
"mr forster, what have you in that dish before you?"
"a chicken, captain drawlock."
"miss isabel revel, will you take some chicken?"
"no, i thank you, captain drawlock," replied isabel.
"did you say yes or no?"
inquired newton, who had caught her eye.
"i'll change my mind," said isabel, smiling.
now, i know it for a fact, although i shall not give up my authority, thatisabel revel never wanted any chicken until she perceived that newton wasto help her.
so, if love occasionally takes away the appetite, let us dohim justice--he sometimes creates one.
"miss tavistock, allow me to send you a little of this turkey," said drplausible; "it is easy of digestion."
"if you please, doctor," replied miss tavistock, cramming the last mouthfulof mutton into her mouth, and sending away her plate to be changed.
"will you not take a little ham with it, miss tavistock?"
"if you please, sir."
"the honour of a glass of wine, miss tavistock," said the colonel.
"with pleasure, sir."
"miss charlotte revel, you have really eaten nothing," said captaindrawlock.
"that proves you have not paid me the least attention," replied the younglady.
"had you honoured me with a single glance during dinner, you couldnot but have observed that i have been dining very heartily."
"i really am quite shocked, miss charlotte, and bow to your reproof.
willyou take a glass of wine with me, in reconciliation?"
"i consider a glass of madeira a very poor bribe, sir."
"well, then, miss charlotte, it shall be champagne," replied captaindrawlock, in his gallantry.
a fortunate hit for thecompany; as champagne was in general only produced upon what sailors call"clean shirt days,"--viz., sundays and thursdays.
"we are highly indebted to miss revel," observed the colonel, bowing toher; "and i think we ought to drink her health in a bumper."
agreed to, _nem.
con._champagne, thou darling of my heart!
to stupefy oneself with other wines,is brutal; but to raise oneself to the seventh heaven with thee, is quiteethereal.
the soul appears to spurn the body, and take a transient flightwithout its dull associate--the--the--broke down, by jupiter!
all i meantto say was, that champagne is very pretty _tipple_; and so thought thedinner party, who were proportionally enlivened.
"is this orthodox, mr ferguson?"
inquired the colonel, holding up hisglass.
"so far orthodox, that it is very good; and what is orthodox is good,"replied the divine, with good-humour.
"the _asia_ has made the signal for 'a strange sail--suspicious,'" said thesecond mate to captain drawlock, putting his head into the cabin.
"very well, mr jones, keep a glass upon the commodore."
"mrs ferguson, will you take some of this tart!
damascene, i believe," saidthe first mate.
"if you please, mr mathews.--did not mr jones say 'suspicious?'
--what doesthat imply?"
"imply, madam; why, that he don't like the cut of her jib!"
"and pray what does that mean?"
"mean, madam: why, that for all he knows to the contrary, she may be afrench frigate."
"a french frigate!
a french frigate!
cried two or threeladies at a breath.
"mr mathews," said captain drawlock, "i am really surprised at yourindiscretion.
you have alarmed the ladies.
a suspicious sail, mrs ferguson,merely implies--in fact, that they do not know what she is."
"is that _all_ it means?"
replied mrs ferguson, with an incredulous look.
"nothing more, madam; nothing more, i assure you."
"commodore has made signal that the strange vessel is a man-of-war bearingdown," said the second mate, again entering the cabin.
"very well, mr jones," said captain drawlock, with assumed indifference,but at the same time fidgeting on his chair.
the first mate and newton immediately quitted the cabin.
"miss tavistock, will you take a little of this pudding?"
"if you please, sir, a very little."
i'll go and have a look at her," said the colonel, who roseup, bowed to the ladies, and left the cuddy.
"most probably one of our cruisers," observed captain drawlock.
"the commodore has made the signal to prepare for action, sir," said thesecond mate.
"very well, mr jones," said captain drawlock, who could now restrainhimself no longer.
"you must excuse me, ladies, for a moment or two; butour commodore is so _very_ prudent a man, and i am under his orders.
in ashort time i hope to return to the pleasure of your society."
captain drawlock's departure was followed by that of all the male party,with the exception of dr plausible and mr ferguson, both of whom, however,were anxious to go upon deck, and ascertain how matters stood.
"mr ferguson, where are you going?"
said his wife, sharply.
sir, dous the favour to remain.
your profession, if i mistake not, is one ofpeace."
doctor plausible, i feel very unwell," cried miss tavistock.
"i will stay with you, my dear madam," replied the doctor.
a gun from the commodore's ship, which was close to windward of them, burstupon their ears, rattling the cabin windows, and making every wine glass onthe table to dance with the concussion.
screamed miss tavistock, throwing herself back in her chair,and expanding her arms and fingers.
doctor plausible flew to the lady's assistance.
"the extreme fineness of her organic structure,--a little water, if youplease, miss charlotte revel."
a tumbler of water was poured out, and doctor plausible, dipping the tip ofhis forefinger into it, passed it lightly over the lady's brows.
"she willbe better directly."
but the lady did not think proper to _come_ to so soon as the doctorprophesied, and mrs ferguson, snatching up the tumbler, dashed the contentswith violence in miss tavistock's face; at which miss tavistock not onlyrevived, but jumped up from her chair, blowing and spluttering.
"are you better now, miss tavistock?"
said mrs ferguson, soothingly, at thesame time glancing her eyes at the other ladies, who could not restraintheir mirth.
doctor plausible, that shock has so affected my nerves, i feel that ishall faint again, i do indeed--i'm going--""lean upon me, miss tavistock, and permit me to conduct you to your cabin,"replied the doctor; "the extreme delicacy of your constitution," continuedhe, whispering, as they left the cuddy, "is not equal to the boisterousremedies of mrs ferguson."
as they went out, newton forster came in.
"you must not be alarmed, ladies, when i state that i am commissioned bycaptain drawlock to inform you that the stranger's manoeuvres are sodoubtful, that we think she is an enemy.
he has desired me to request youwill accept my convoy to the lower-deck, where you will be safe fromaccident, in the event of our coming to an engagement.
mr ferguson, thecaptain entrusts the ladies to your charge, and requests that you will notleave them upon any consideration.
now, mrs ferguson, will you permit me toescort you to a place of security?"
at this intelligence laura revel stared, charlotte burst into tears, andisabel turned pale.
mrs ferguson took the arm of newton without saying aword, when the other was offered and accepted by isabel.
mr ferguson, withthe two other sisters, brought up the rear.
the ladies had to pass thequarter-deck, and when they saw the preparations--the guns cast loose, theshot lying on the deck, and all the various apparatus fordestruction--their fears increased.
when they had been conducted to theirplace of safety, newton was about to return on deck, when he was seized bymiss charlotte and laura revel, who entreated him not to leave them.
"do stay with us, mr forster; pray, don't go," cried they both.
"i must, indeed, ladies; you are perfectly safe here."
"for god's sake, don't you go away, mr forster!"
cried laura, falling onher knees.
"i shall die of fright.--you sha'n't go!"
screamed laura, as thetwo sisters clung on to the skirts of his jacket, and effectually preventedhis escape, unless, like the patriarch, he had left his garment behind.
newton cast an appealing glance at isabel, who immediatelyinterfered,--"charlotte, for shame!
you are preventing mr forster fromgoing to his duty.
my dear laura, do not be so foolish; mr forster can beof no service to us: but he will be on deck.
let go, laura."
newton was released.
"i am much obliged to you, miss isabel," said newton,with his foot on the ladder; "but i have no time now to express mythanks--not to be on deck--""i know it, mr forster: go up, i beseech you; do not wait a moment:" andnewton sprang up the ladder; but not before he had exchanged with isabel aglance which, had he been deficient in courage, would have nerved him forthe approaching combat.
we must leave the ladies with mr ferguson (who hadno pleasant office), while we follow newton on deck.
the stranger had bornedown with studding-sails, until within three miles of the indiamen, whenshe rounded to.
she then kept away a little, to close nearer, evidentlyexamining the force opposed to her.
the indiamen had formed the line ofbattle in close order, the private signal between english men-of-war andeast india ships flying at their mast-heads.
"extremely strange, that she does not answer the private signal," said thecolonel to the second mate.
"not at all, if she don't know how."
"you are convinced, then, that she is a french frigate?"
"no, not positive; but i'll bet you ten to one she is:--bet off if eitherof us are killed, of course!"
"thanky; i never bet," answered the colonel, turning away.
"what do you think of her, mr mathews?"
said captain drawlock to the firstmate, who had his eye on the ship.
"she is english built and english rigged, sir, that i'll swear; look at herlower yard-arms, the squaring of her topsails.
she may be french now, butthe oak in her timbers grew in old england."
"i agree with you," said newton: "look at the rake of her stern; she isenglish all over."
"then, why don't she answer the private signal?"
said captain drawlock.
"she's right in the wind's eye of us, sir, and our flags are blowing end onfrom her."
"there goes up her bunting, sir," cried the first mate.
"english, as i said.
the commodore is answering, sir.
up with the ensignthere abaft.
all's right, tell the ladies."
"i will; i'll go and inform them," said the colonel; who immediatelydescended to impart the joyful intelligence.
the frigate bore down, and hove to.
the commodore of the india squadronwent on board, when he found that she was cruising for some large dutchstore-ships and vessels armed _en flute_, which were supposed to havesailed from java.
in a quarter of an hour, she again made sail and partedcompany, leaving the indiamen to secure their guns, and pursue theircourse.
there are two parties whose proceedings we had overlooked; we refer to misstavistock and dr plausible.
the latter handed the lady to her cabin, easedher down upon her couch, and taking her hand gently, retained it in hisown, while with his other he continued to watch her pulse.
"do not alarm yourself, my dear miss tavistock; your sensibility isimmense.
i will not leave you.
i cannot think what could have induced youto trust yourself on such a voyage of danger and excitement."
dr plausible, where my affections are centred there is nothing, weakcreature that i am, but my soul would carry me through: indeed i am allsoul.
i have a dear friend in india."
"he is most happy," observed the doctor, with a sigh.
"_he_, dr plausible!
you quite shock me!
do you imagine for a moment that iwould go out to follow any gentleman?
no, indeed, i am not going out onspeculation, as some young ladies.
i have enough of my own, thank god!
ikeep my carriage and corresponding establishment, i assure you."
--(the verything that dr plausible required.)
my dear miss tavistock, is it then really a female friend?"
the friend of my childhood.
i have ventured this tedious, dangerousvoyage, once more to fold her in my arms."
a heart like yours, miss, were indeed a treasureto be won.
what a happy man would your husband be!"
oh, dr plausible, don't mention it: i feel convinced,--positivelyconvinced, that my constitution is not strong enough to bear matrimony."
the doctor's answer was too prolix for insertion; it was a curious compounddissertation upon love and physic, united.
there was devoted attention,extreme gentle treatment, study of pathology, advantage of medicalattendance always at hand, careful nursing, extreme solicitude, fragilityof constitution restored, propriety of enlarging the circle of her innocentaffections, ending at last in devoted love, and a proposal--to share hercarriage and establishment.
miss tavistock assumed another faint--the shock was so great; but thedoctor knelt by her, and kissed her hand, with well affected rapture.
atlast, she murmured out a low assent, and fell back, as if exhausted withthe effort.
the doctor removed his lips from her hand to her mouth, to sealthe contract; and, as she yielded to his wishes, almost regretted that hehad not adhered to his previous less assuming gallantry.
"'tis sweet to hear the watch-dog's honest bark,    bay deep-mouth'd welcome as we draw near home;  'tis sweet to know there is an eye will mark    our coming--and look brighter when we come."
edward forster returned home with his little _protégée_, his mind relievedfrom the weight which had oppressed it: he knew that the word of hisbrother was his bond, and that under a rough exterior he concealed agenerous and sympathising heart.
it was in the early part of the autumnthat he again took possession of the cottage; and as he once more seatedhimself in his old arm-chair, he mentally exclaimed, "here then am i againat anchor for a short time, until summoned to another world."
his prophecywas correct; during the severe winter that followed, his wound openedagain, and his constitution, worn out, gave way to repeated suffering.
hehad not been confined to his bed more than a fortnight when he felt thathis end was approaching.
he had long been prepared: nothing remained to bedone but to write a letter to his brother, which he confided to robertson,the fisherman, with directions that it should be put in the post-officeimmediately after his death; and a strict charge to watch over the littlegirl, until she should be sent for by his brother.
this last necessary act had been completed when robertson, who was standingby the side of the bed, with the letter in his hand, informed him that thefamily at the hall had returned from the continent on the evening before,with their only son, who was now restored to health.
this intelligenceinduced forster to alter his plans; and trusting to the former friendshipof lord aveleyn, he despatched robertson to the hall, stating his owncondition, and requesting that his lordship would come to the cottage.
lordaveleyn immediately obeyed the summons; and perceiving at the first glancethat forster's situation debarred all chance of recovery, took upon himselfwith willingness the charge of the letter, and promised to receive amberinto his house until it was convenient that she should be removed.
it wasdark when lord aveleyn, with melancholy foreboding, took his last farewell;for, ere the sun had risen again, the spirit of edward forster had regainedits liberty, and soared to the empyrean, while the deserted amber wept andprayed.
edward forster had not concealed from her the precarious tenure of hisexistence, and since their return from london had made her fully acquaintedwith all the particulars connected with her own history.
the last fewweeks, every interval of suffering had been devoted by him to enforce thoseprinciples which he ever had inculcated, and to prepare for the event whichhad now taken place.
amber was kneeling by the side of the bed; she had been there so long thatshe was not aware that it was broad day.
her face, laid upon her hands, wascompletely hidden by her luxuriant hair, which had escaped from theconfinement of the comb, when the door of the chamber of death was softlyopened.
amber, who either did not hear the noise or thought it was thedaughter of robertson, who lived as servant in the cottage, raised not herhead.
the steps continued to approach, then the sound ceased, and amberfelt the arms of some one encircling her waist to raise her from herkneeling posture.
she lifted up her head, and dividing the hair from herforehead, that she might see who it was, perceived that it was youngaveleyn who was hanging over her.
"my poor little girl!"
said he in a tone of commiseration.
william aveleyn," cried amber, bursting into a paroxysm of tears, asshe was folded in his arms.
the sorrow of youth is sympathetic, and william aveleyn, although seventeenyears old, and fast advancing to manhood, did not disdain to mingle histears with those of his former playmate.
it was some time before he couldpersuade amber, who clung to him in her grief, to any degree of serenity.
"amber dear, you must come to us at the hall; this is no place for younow."
"and why not, william?
why should i leave so soon?
i'm not afraid of beinghere, or lying by his side alone: i've seen other people die.
i saw mrsbeazely die--i saw poor 'faithful' die; and now, they _all_ are dead,"said amber, bursting into tears, and burying her face in william aveleyn'sbosom.
"i knew that he was to die," said she, raising her head, after atime--"he told me so; but, to think that i shall never hear him speakagain--that very soon i shall never see him more--i must cry, william."
"but your father is happy, amber."
"_he_ is happy, i know; but he was not my father, william.
i have nofather--no friend on earth i know of.
he told me all before he died;'faithful' brought me from the sea."
this intelligence roused the curiosity of william aveleyn, who interrogatedamber, and obtained from her the whole of the particulars communicated byedward forster; and, as she answered to his many questions, she grew morecomposed.
the narrative had scarcely been finished, when lord aveleyn, who had beensummoned by robertson, drove to the door accompanied by lady aveleyn, whothought that her presence and persuasions would more readily induce amberto leave the cottage.
convinced by her of the propriety of the proposal,amber was put into the carriage without resistance, and conveyed to thehall, where everything that kindness and sympathy could suggest wasresorted to, to assuage her grief.
there we must leave her, and repair tothe metropolis.
"scratton," said mr john forster to his clerk, who had answered the bell,"recollect i cannot see anyone today."
"you have several appointments, sir," replied the clerk.
"then send, and put them all off."
"yes, sir; and if anyone calls, i am to say that you are not at home?"
"no, i am at home; why tell a lie?
but i cannot see anybody."
the clerk shut the door; john forster put on his spectacles to re-perusethe letter which lay before him.
it was the one from edward, inclosed in afrank by lord aveleyn, with a few lines, announcing his brother's death,and stating that amber was at the hall, where they should be glad that sheshould remain until it was convenient to send for her.
edward's letterrepeated his thanks to his brother for his kind promise, and took a lastand affectionate farewell.
john forster struggled for a time with hisfeelings; but the more he attempted to repress them the more violent theybecame.
he was alone, and he gave them vent.
the legal documents beforehim, arising from the bitterness of strife, were thus unusually moistenedwith a tribute to a brother's memory.
but in a few moments the old lawyerwas himself again; all traces of emotion had disappeared, and no one whohad seen him then would ever have imagined that john forster could havebeen thus moved.
the next day he was not as usual to be found at hischambers: the fact was, that he had set off immediately after breakfast,upon what is generally termed "house hunting."
the apartments which heoccupied in his chambers were not sufficient for the intended increase ofhis establishment; and when he had given his promise to edward, he wasfully aware of the expense which would be entailed by receiving amber, andhad made up his mind to incur it.
he therefore fixed upon a convenienthouse in lincoln's inn fields, which would not detach him far from hischambers.
having arranged for a lease of twelve years, john forsterreturned to his chambers.
"scratton," said he, "look out for a man-servant, a cook, housemaid, and asteady woman as housekeeper--good characters, and undeniable reference.
thehousekeeper must be a somewhat superior person, as she will have to takecharge of a young miss, and i do not want her spoiled by keeping companywith the general description of servants.
do you understand?"
scratton did; and in less than a month, as everything is to be obtained formoney in the city of london, the house was furnished by a city upholstererin a plain way, and all the servants installed in their respectivesituations.
mr john forster took possession of his new house, and tried for a week ifall worked well.
ascertaining that the furniture was complete, theunder-servants well behaved, and the housekeeper a mild and veryintelligent personage, fit to be intrusted with the charge of a littlegirl, he then wrote to lord aveleyn, reiterating the thanks conveyed in hisformer letter, and requesting that amber might be delivered into the chargeof the bearer.
with this letter mr scratton was despatched, and, in duetime, arrived at the hall.
amber wept bitterly at the idea of parting withthose who had been so kind to her, and passing into the hands of one whowas a stranger.
having exacted a promise from william aveleyn that he wouldcall as he passed through on his way to cambridge, she bade her kindfriends farewell, entered the chaise in company with mr scratton, and washurried off to london.
mr scratton was one of those personages who never spoke except on business;and, having no business to transact with a girl of twelve years old, henever spoke at all, except when necessity rendered it imperative.
amberwas, therefore, left to her own reflections.
what they all were, i cannottell, but one certainly was, that travelling in a chaise for two days withmr scratton was not very agreeable.
most happy was she when they drove upto the door of mr john forster's new habitation.
the old gentleman, who hadcalculated the hour of her arrival after the receipt of a letter from hercompanion, was there to receive her.
amber, who had been prepossessed inhis favour by edward forster, who had told her that in his brother shewould find a protector and indulgent parent, ran up to him when she enteredthe room, and burst into tears as the injunctions of edward forsterreturned to her memory.
john forster took her in his arms and kissed her.
"my little girl," said he, "what my brother was, such will i be to you.
consider me as your father; for his memory, and i hope soon, for your ownsake, i shall rejoice to be so."
after an hour, by which time amber had recovered her serenity, and becomealmost cheerful, she was consigned to the charge of mrs smith, thehousekeeper, and john forster hastened back to his chambers and hisclients, to make up for so much lost time.
it was not long before the old gentleman discovered that the trouble andexpense which he had incurred to please his brother was the occasion ofpleasure and gratification.
he no longer felt isolated in the world: inshort, he had a _home_, where a beaming eye met his return, and anaffectionate heart ministered to his wishes; where his well known rap atthe door was a source of delight, and his departure one of regret.
in a few months amber had entwined herself round the old man's heart: thebest masters were procured for her, and all the affection of a dotingparent upon an only child was bestowed by him who, when the proposition wasmade, had declared that "it was bad enough to maintain children of one'sown begetting."
bless my soul!
how poor authors are obliged to gallop about.
now i must beoff again to india, and get on board of the _bombay castle_.
"a green and gilded snake had wreathed itself,  who, with her head, nimble in threats, approach'd  the opening of his mouth."
the _bombay castle_ arrived at madras without further adventure.
a fewhours after she had anchored, all the passengers, receiving kind messagesfrom, or escorted on shore by their relatives or consignees, had landed;all, with the exception of the three miss revels, whose anxiety to land wasincreased by the departure of the others, and the unpleasant situation inwhich they were placed, by remaining a clog upon captain drawlock, whowould not quit his ship until he had surrendered up his charge.
by inquiryof the dubashes, captain drawlock found out that old colonel revel wasresiding at his bungalow, about two miles distant from the fort; andsupposing him not to be aware of the arrival of his grand-nieces, hedespatched newton forster to acquaint him with the circumstance.
it waslate in the afternoon when newton arrived at the residence of the colonel,when he perceived immediately that everything was on the establishment ofan old indian nabob.
a double set of palanquin-bearers were stretched underthe verandas; syces were fanning the horses with their chowries, tailorsand various craftsmen were at work in the shade, while a herd of consumers,butlers, and other indian domestics, were loitering about, or very busydoing nothing.
it will be necessary, before newton is introduced to the colonel, that thecolonel should be introduced to the reader.
he was a man of nearly sixtyyears of age, forty-five of which, with the exception of occasionalfurlough, had been passed in the country.
having held several lucrativesituations for many years, and, although not parsimonious, being veryprudent in money concerns, he had amassed a very large fortune.
more thanonce he had returned to england on leave, and with the full intention ofremaining there, if he could be comfortable; but a few months in his nativecountry only made him more anxious to return to india.
his habits, histastes, were all eastern; the close hospitality, the cold winter ofengland, the loss of consequence, naturally resulting when a man mixes inthe crowd of london, all disgusted him, and he invariably returned to indialong before his furlough had expired.
he was a bachelor from choice.
whenyoung, he had been very cruelly treated by the object of his admiration,who deserted him for a few lacs of rupees, which offered themselves with anold man as their appendage.
this had raised his bile against the sex ingeneral, whom he considered as mercenary and treacherous.
his parties werenumerous and expensive, but women were never to be seen in his house; andhis confirmed dislike to them was the occasion of his seldom visiting,except with those who were like himself in a state of happy singleness.
inother points, he was a liberal, worthy man, and a perfect gentleman, butextremely choleric in disposition.
newton addressed himself to one of the butlers, requesting to be announced.
the man led the way to a spacious hall, coated and floored with chunam,when newton perceived the colonel, who presented rather a singularspectacle.
"burra saib; saib," said the indian, and immediately retired.
the colonel was a tall, gaunt man, with high cheekbones, bushy eyebrows,and white hair.
he was seated on a solitary chair in the centre of thehall; his dress consisting of a pair of white nankeen trousers and a whiteshirt, the sleeves of the latter tucked up to his shoulders, and exposingsinewy arms, covered with hair.
by his side lay a basket of mangoes, andbefore his chair a large tub of water.
as newton entered, he had anopportunity of witnessing the most approved method of eating this exquisitefruit.
the colonel had then one as large as a cassowary's egg, held in bothhands, and applied to his mouth, while he held his head over the tub ofwater, to catch the superabundant juice which flowed over his face, handsand arms, and covered them with a yellow stain.
the contents of the mangowere soon exhausted; the stone and pulp were dropped into the tub of water,and the colonel's hand was extended to the basket for a repetition of hisluxurious feast, when newton was announced.
newton was sorry to interrupthim, and would have made an apology, had he not observed that the colonel,whose back was towards him, continued his pleasing avocation: the fact wasthat the colonel was so intent upon his occupation that he had neitherheard the announcement nor could he perceive newton, who thus had anopportunity of witnessing the demolition of at least two dozen more mangoeswithout the colonel having turned his eyes in that direction, or beingaware that he was not alone.
but something at length attracted theattention of newton, and induced him to come forward, and put an end to thecolonel's repast.
the colonel had just taken another mango out of thebasket, when newton perceived a small snake wind itself over the rim, andcurl up one of the feet of the colonel's chair, in such a position that thevery next time that the colonel reached out his hand, he must have come incontact with the reptile.
newton hardly knew how to act; the slightestmovement of the old gentleman might be fatal to him; he therefore walked upsoftly and was about to strike the reptile on the head with his stick, whenthe colonel, as he leant over the tub, half rose from the chair.
in aninstant, newton snatched it from under him, and jerked it, with the snake,to the corner of the hall.
the colonel, whose centre of gravity had notbeen thrown sufficiently forward to enable him to keep his feet, fellbackward, when newton and he both rolled on the floor together; and alsoboth recovered their legs at the same time.
"you'll excuse me, sir," said newton.
"i'll be d----d if i do, sir!"
interrupted the colonel, in a rage.
"who thedevil are you?--and how dare you presume to play off such impertinent jokesupon a stranger?--where did you come from?--how did you get in, sir?"
"is that a joke, sir?"
replied newton, calmly pointing to the snake, whichwas still hissing in its wrath at the corner of the room where the chairlay.
newton then briefly explained the circumstances.
"sir, i beg your pardon a thousand times, and am very much your debtor.
itis the most venomous snake that we have in the country.
i trust you willaccept my apology for a moment's irritation; and, at the same time, mysincere thanks."
the colonel then summoned the servants, who providedthemselves with bamboos, and soon despatched the object which hadoccasioned the misunderstanding.
the colonel then apologised to newton,while he repaired to the bath, and in a few minutes returned, havingundergone this necessary ablution after a mango feast.
his dress waschanged, and he offered the appearance of an upright, gentleman-like,hard-featured man, who had apparently gone through a great deal of servicewithout his stamina having been much impaired.
"i beg your pardon, my dear sir, for detaining you.
may i request thepleasure of your name and the occasion of your providential visit?"
"i have a letter for you, sir," replied newton, who had been intrusted withthe one which mr revel had given to his daughters on their embarkation.
a letter of introduction.
it is now quite superfluous, you havealready introduced yourself."
"no, sir, it is not a letter of recommendation in my behalf, but toannounce the arrival of your three grand-nieces--daughters of thehonourable mr revel--in the _bombay castle_, the ship to which i belong."
roared the colonel, "my three grand-nieces!
daughters of mr revel!"
"so i have understood from them, sir."
the colonel tore open the letter, in which mr revel very coolly informedhim that not having received any answers to his former epistles on thesubject, he presumed that they had miscarried, and had therefore beeninduced, in consequence of the difficulties which he laboured under, tosend his daughters out to his kind protection.
the colonel, as soon as hehad finished the perusal of the letter, tore it into pieces again andagain, every renewed action showing an increase of excitement.
he thenthrew the fragments on the floor, stamping upon them in an ecstasy of rage.
"the d----d scoundrel!--the villain!--the rascal!--do you know, sir, thatwhen i was last in england this fellow swindled me out of a thousandpounds?
yes, sir, a thousand pounds, by g-d!
promised to pay me in threeweeks; and when i was coming back, and asked him for my money, he laughedat me, and ordered his servant not to let me in.
and now he has sent outhis three daughters to me--pawned them off upon me, laughing, i suppose, inhis sleeve, as he did when he cheated me before.
i'll not receive them, byg-d!
they may find their way back again how they can;" and the colonelpaced the room up and down, throwing his arms about in his fury.
newton waited some time before he ventured to make any observation; indeed,he was so astonished at such an unheard-of proceeding, and so shocked atthe unfortunate situation of isabel, that he hardly knew what to say.
"am i then to inform the young ladies that you will not receive them?"
"you don't know me, sir.
when did i ever receive a woman into my house?
they are all alike, sir.
plotted with their father, i'll answer for, withthe hopes of getting husbands.
tell them, sir, that i'll see them d----dfirst!
swindling scoundrel!--first cheats me out of a thousand pounds, andthen tries to cheat me into providing for his family!"
newton paused a little, to allow the colonel's wrath to subside, and thenobserved--"i never was so much distressed as to be the bearer of yourmessage.
the young ladies are certainly no parties to their father'sdishonesty, and are in a situation much to be pitied.
in a foreign country,thousands of miles from their friends, without means of subsistence, or ofpaying their passage home.
what is to become of them?"
"i don't care."
"that your indignation is just, colonel revel, i admit; but allowing thatyou will not receive them, how are they to return home?
captain drawlock, iam sure, would give them a passage; but we proceed to china.
continued newton, with a sigh.
"i should like to make a remark, colonelrevel, if it were not considered too great a liberty in a stranger."
"you have already taken a liberty which in all probability has saved mylife.
i shall be happy to listen to any remark that you may wish to offer."
"it was, sir, that, reprehensible as their father's conduct may be, commonhumanity, and a regard for your own character, will hardly warrant theirbeing left thus destitute.
they, at least, are your relations, and haveneither offended nor deceived you; on the contrary, are, with you, jointvictims of their father's deception."
"you appear to take a great interest in these young ladies," observed thecolonel, sharply.
"if i had never seen them, sir, their present unfortunate dilemma would besufficient.
knowing them intimately as i do, i must say that thisintelligence will be, to one, at least, a death-blow.
i would to god that iwere able to assist and protect her!"
"very handsome, then, i presume?"
replied the colonel, with a sneer.
"she certainly is, sir; but it was not admiration of her beauty whichoccasioned the remark.
if you knew her, sir, you would be as sorry to partwith her, as you now appear to be to receive her."
the colonel continued to pace the room, but with less violence than before.
newton observed this, and therefore was silent, hoping that reflectionwould induce him to alter his resolution.
in a few minutes, apparentlyforgetting the presence of newton, the colonel commenced talking to himselfaloud, muttering out a few detached phrases:--"must take them in, by g-d!
couldn't show my face--no where--d----d scoundrel!
keep them here till nextship--till they are as yellow as gamboge, then send them home--revenge inthat."
thus did the old gentleman mutter loud enough for newton to overhear.
a fewminutes more were spent in perambulation, when he threw himself into thechair.
"i think, my young acquaintance, you appear to be interested for theserelations of mine; or at least for one of them."
"i certainly am, sir; and so is everyone who is acquainted with her."
"well, i am glad to hear that there is one good out of the three.
i havebeen put in a passion--no wonder; and i have said more than should berepeated.
were it known that these girls had been sent out to me in thisway, the laugh would be raised against me, as it is known that i am notvery partial to women; and it would also be of serious injury to them andtheir prospects.
i have determined upon receiving them, for the best of allpossible reasons--i can't help myself.
you will, therefore, add to theobligations of this day, by saying nothing about what has been made knownto you."
"most certainly, sir; i will pledge you my honour, if it is requested."
"when i say not mention it, i mean to other parties; but to the girls, imust request you to state the facts.
i will not have them come here, pawingand fondling, and wheedling me as an old bachelor, with a few lacs ofrupees to be coaxed out of.
it would make me sick; i detest women and theirways.
now, if they are informed of the real state of the case, that theyare here only on sufferance; that i neither wished nor want them; and thati have been imposed upon by their scoundrel of a father, i may keep them atthe other end of the bungalow, and not be annoyed with their company;until, upon plea of bad health, or some other excuse, i can pay theirpassage back again."
"could you not state these facts yourself, sir?"
"no, i never meddle with women; besides, it is better that they should knowit before they come here.
if you will promise me what i now request, why, iwill consent to give them house-room; if not, they may stay where they are.
it will be but a few days' laugh at me, or abuse of me, i care littlewhich."
"well, sir, unpleasant as this intelligence must be, their present suspenseis still more so.
you will allow me to disclose it in as delicate a manneras possible."
"you may be as refined as you please, provided that you tell the exacttruth, which i am convinced that you will, by your countenance."
"then, i will take my leave, sir," replied newton.
"fare you well, my dear sir; recollect that my house is your home; andalthough not fond of the society of women, i shall be delighted with yours.
the young ladies may be brought on shore to the hotel, and i will send acarriage for them.
good-bye,--what is your name?"
"good-bye, then, mr forster, for the present;" and the colonel quitted theroom.
"then there were sighs, the deeper for suppression,    and stolen glances, sweeter for the theft,  and burning blushes, though for no transgression,    tremblings when met, and restlessness when left.
all these are little preludes to possession,    of which young passion cannot be bereft,  and merely tend to show how greatly love is    embarrassed, at first starting, with a novice."
it was in no very happy frame of mind that newton quitted the colonel'shouse to execute his mission to the miss revels.
that the two eldest,provided they were admitted, would not much take to heart either theconduct of their father or the coolness of their relation, he was prettywell assured; but he was too well acquainted with isabel's character not toknow that she would deeply feel the humiliating situation in which she wasplaced, and that it would prey upon her generous and sensitive mind.
as,however, there was no remedy, he almost congratulated himself that, as thecolonel's message was to be delivered, the commission had been placed inhis trust.
captain drawlock, tired of waiting, had escorted the young ladies on shoreto the hotel, anxiously expecting the arrival of newton, who was conductedthere by a messenger despatched to intercept him.
"well, mr forster, is it all right?"
said captain drawlock, on hisappearance.
"the colonel's carriage will be here for the ladies in less than half anhour," replied newton, evasively.
"then, miss revels, as i am extremely busy, i shall wish you good-morning,and will have the pleasure of paying my respects before i sail.
allow me tooffer you my best thanks for your company during our voyage, and to assureyou how much your presence has contributed to enliven it.
forster, youwill, of course, remain with the miss revels, and see them safe in thecarriage;" and captain drawlock, who appeared to consider hisresponsibility over with the voyage, shook hands with them, and quitted thehotel.
"mr forster," said isabel, as soon as captain drawlock was out of hearing,"i am sure, by your countenance, that there has been something unpleasant.
is it not so?"
"i am sorry to answer in the affirmative, and more sorry to be forced toimpart the cause."
newton then entered into a detail of what had passed atthe colonel's house.
isabel listened to it with attention, her sisters withimpatience.
miss charlotte, with an air of consternation, inquired whetherthe colonel had refused to receive them: on being informed to the contrary,she appeared to be satisfied.
laura simpered, and observed, "how very oddof papa!"
and then seemed to think no more about it.
isabel made noobservation; she remained on her chair, apparently in deep and painfulthought.
a few minutes after the communication the colonel's carriage made itsappearance, and newton proposed that they should quit the hotel.
charlotteand laura were all ready and impatient, but isabel remained seated by thetable.
"come, isabel," cried charlotte.
"i cannot go, my dear charlotte," replied isabel; "but do not let meprevent you or laura from deciding for yourselves."
cried the two sisters at once.
isabel was firm; and newton, whodid not think himself authorised to interfere, was a silent witness to thecontinued persuasions and expostulations of the two elder, and the refusalof the younger sister.
nearly half an hour thus passed away, when charlotteand laura decided that they would go, and send back the carriage forisabel, who by that time would have come to her senses.
the heartless,unthinking girls tripped gaily down to the carriage, and drove off.
newton,who had escorted them, retraced his steps, with a beating heart, to theroom where he had left isabel.
she was in tears.
"do i intrude, miss revel?"
said newton, who could not repress his emotionat the sight.
i expected and wished that you would return, mr forster.
do youthink that you could find captain drawlock?
i should feel much obliged ifyou would take that trouble for me."
"i will immediately go in search of him, if you wish it.
believe me, missrevel, i feel most sincerely for your situation; and, if it were notconsidered an impertinent question, i should ask you what may be yourpresent intentions?"
"acquainted as you are with all the circumstances, mr forster, the questionis not impertinent, but kind.
god knows that i require an adviser.
i would,if possible, conceal the facts from captain drawlock.
it is not for adaughter to publish a father's errors; but you know all, and i cantherefore have no scruple in consulting with you: i do not see why ishould.
my resolution is, at best, a hasty one; but it is, never to enterthe house of my relation under such humiliating circumstances--that isdecided: but how to act, or what to do, is where i require advice.
i am ina cruel situation.
what a helpless creature is a woman!
were i a man, icould have worked my passage home, or have honestly obtained my bread inthis place; but a woman--a young and unprotected woman--in a distant clime,and without a friend--""do not say that you are without a friend; one who has at least the will,if not the power to serve you," replied newton.
"no--not without a friend; but what avails a friend whose assistance icould not accept?
it is to captain drawlock, therefore, that i must apply,and, painful as it may be, throw myself upon his generosity; for thatreason i wished to see him.
he may advise some means by which i may obtaina passage home.
i will return in any capacity--as a nurse to children, asan attendant--anything that is creditable.
i would watch over the couch offever, pestilence, and plague, for months, rather than appear to be a partyto my father's duplicity.
mr forster, what must you think of thedaughters, after what you have heard of the parent's conduct?"
--and isabelburst into tears.
newton could contain himself no longer.
"my dear miss revel, let mepersuade you to compose yourself," said he, taking her hand, which was notwithdrawn.
"if you feel on this occasion, so do i most deeply--most deeply,because i can only lament, and dare not offer to assist you.
the means ofreturning to your own country i can easily procure from captain drawlock;but would you accept it from me?
i know--i cannot expect that you would;and that, under such circumstances, it would be insulting in me to offerit.
think, then, what pain i must feel to witness your distress, and yetdare not offer to assist one for whom--oh!
my god--" ended newton, checkinghis feelings.
"i feel the kindness and the delicacy of your conduct, mr forster; and iwill candidly acknowledge, that, could i accept it, there is no one to whomi would more cheerfully be under an obligation; but the world will notpermit it."
"what shall i do, miss revel?--shall i go for captain drawlock?"
"stay a little while; i wish to reflect.
what would you advise?--as afriend, tell me candidly, mr forster."
"i am indeed proud that you allow me that title.
it is all that i ever darehope for; but isabel (i beg your pardon, miss revel, i should have said)--""nay, nay, i am not displeased.
why not isabel?
we have known one anotherlong enough; and, deserted as i feel, a kind word now--"isabel covered her face with her hand.
newton, who was standing by her, wasovercome by the intensity of his feelings; gradually they approachednearer, until by, i suppose, the same principle which holds the universetogether--the attraction of cohesion--newton's arm encircled the waist ofisabel, and she sobbed upon his shoulder.
it was with difficulty thatnewton refrained from pouring out his soul, and expressing the ardent lovewhich he had so long felt for her; but it was taking advantage of hersituation.
he had nothing to offer but himself and beggary.
he did refrain.
the words were not spoken; yet isabel divined his thoughts, appreciated hisforbearance, and loved him more for his resolution.
"isabel," said newton, at length, with a sigh, "i never valued or wishedfor wealth till now.
till this hour i never felt the misery of being poor."
"i believe you, mr forster; and i am grateful, as i know that it is for mysake that you feel it; but," continued she, recovering herself, "cryingwill do no good.
i asked you for your advice, and you have only given meyour arm."
"i am afraid it is all i shall ever have to offer," replied newton.
"but,isabel, allow me to ask you one question:--are you resolved never to enteryour relation's house?"
"not on the humiliating terms which he has proposed.
let the colonel comehere for me and take me home with him, and then i will remain there until ican return to england; if not, i will submit to any privation, to anyhonest humiliation, rather than enter under his roof.
but, indeed, mrforster, it is necessary that captain drawlock should be summoned.
we arehere alone: it is not correct: you must feel that it is not."
"i do feel that it is not; but, isabel, i was this morning of some triflingservice to the colonel, and may have some little weight with him.
will youallow me to return to him, and try what i can do?
it will not be dark forthese two hours, and i will soon be back."
newton hastened to the colonel, who had already been muchsurprised when he had been informed by his domestics (for he had not seenthem) that only two ladies had arrived.
the old gentleman was now cool.
theexplanation and strong persuasions of newton, coupled with the spiritedbehaviour of isabel, whose determination was made known to him, and whichwas so different from the general estimate he had formed of the sex, atlast prevailed.
the colonel ordered his carriage, and, in company withnewton, drove to the hotel, made a sort of apology--a wonderful effort onhis part, and requested his grand-niece to accept of his hospitality.
in afew minutes isabel and the colonel were out of sight, and newton was leftto his own reflections.
a few days afterwards newton accepted the colonel's invitation to dine,when he found that affairs were going on better than he expected.
the oldgentleman had been severely quizzed by those who were intimate with him, atthe addition to his establishment, and had winced not a little under thelash; but, on the whole, he appeared more reconciled than would have beenexpected.
newton, however, observed that, when speaking of the threesisters, he invariably designated them as "my grand-niece, and the twoother young women."
"rich in the gems of india's gaudy zone,  and plunder piled from kingdoms not their own,  degenerate trade!
thy minions could despise  thy heart-born anguish of a thousand cries:  could lock, with impious hands, their teeming store,  while famish'd nations died along the shore;  could mock the groans of fellow-men, and bear  the curse of kingdoms, peopled with despair;  could stamp disgrace on man's polluted name,  and barter with their gold eternal shame."
for thee, what will man not attempt?--for thee, to whatdegradation will he not submit?--for thee, what will he not risk in thisworld, or prospectively in the next?
industry is rewarded by thee;enterprise is supported by thee; crime is cherished, and heaven itself isbartered for thee, thou powerful auxiliary of the devil!
one tempter wassufficient for the fall of man; but thou wert added, that he ne'er mightrise again.
survey the empire of india; calculate the millions of acres, the billionswith which it is peopled, and then pause while you ask yourself thequestion--how is it that a company of merchants claim it as their own?
bywhat means did it come into their possession?
honestly, they will reply.
you went there as suppliants; you werereceived with kindness and hospitality, and your request was granted, bywhich you obtained a footing on the soil.
now you are lords of countlessacres, masters of millions, who live or perish as you will; receivers ofenormous tribute.
why, how is this?
honestly, again you say; by treaty, by surrender, by taking from those whowould have destroyed us the means of doing injury.
say it again,that heaven may register, and hell may chuckle at your barefaced, impudentassertion.
by every breach of faith which could disgrace an infidel; by every actof cruelty which could disgrace our nature; by extortion, by rapine, byinjustice, by mockery of all laws, or human or divine.
the thirst for gold,and a golden country, led you on; and in these scorching regions you haveraised the devil on his throne, and worshipped him in his proudpre-eminence as mammon.
let us think.
is not the thirst for gold a temptation to which our naturesare doomed to be subjected--part of the ordeal which we have to pass?
orwhy is it that there never is sufficient?
it appears to be ordained by providence that this metal, obtained from theearth to feed the avarice of man, should again return to it.
if all theprecious ore which for a series of ages has been raised from the dark minewere now in tangible existence, how trifling would be its value!
howinadequate as a medium of exchange for the other productions of nature, orof art!
if all the diamonds and other precious stones which have beencollected from the decomposed rocks (for hard as they once were, like allsublunary matter, they too yield to time) why, if all were remaining on theearth, the frolic gambols of the may-day sweep would shake about thosegems, which now are to be found in profusion only where rank and beauty payhomage to the thrones of kings.
arts and manufactures consume a largeproportion of the treasures of the mine, and as the objects fall intodecay, so does the metal return to the earth again.
but it is in easternclimes, where it is collected, that it soonest disappears.
where the despotreigns, and the knowledge of an individual's wealth is sufficient warrantyto seal his doom, it is to the care of the silent earth alone that thepossessor will commit his treasures; he trusts not to relation or tofriend, for gold is too powerful for human ties.
it is but on his death-bedthat he imparts the secret of his deposit to those he leaves behind him;often called away before he has time to make it known, reserving the fondsecret till too late; still clinging to life, and all that makes life dearto him.
often does the communication, made from the couch of death, inhalf-articulated words, prove so imperfect, that the knowledge of itsexistence is of no avail unto his intended heirs; and thus it is thatmillions return again to the earth from which they have been gathered withsuch toil.
what avarice has dug up avarice buries again; perhaps in futureages to be regained by labour, when, from the chemical powers of eternaland mysterious nature, they have again been filtered through the induratedearth, and reassumed the form and the appearance of the metal which haslain in darkness since the creation of the world.
is not this part of the grand principle of the universe?--the eternal cycleof reproduction and decay, pervading all and every thing--blindlycontributed to by the folly and wickedness of man!
"so far shalt thou go,but no further," was the fiat; and, arrived at the prescribed limit, wemust commence again.
at this moment intellect has seized upon theseven-league boots of the fable, which fitted everybody who drew them on,and strides over the universe.
how soon, as on the decay of the romanempire, may all the piles of learning which human endeavours would rear asa tower of babel to scale the heavens, disappear, leaving but fragments tofuture generations, as proofs of pre-existent knowledge!
whether we referto nature or to art, to knowledge or to power, to accumulation ordestruction, bounds have been prescribed which man can never pass, guardedas they are by the same unerring and unseen power, which threw the planetsfrom his hand, to roll in their appointed orbits.
all appears confusedbelow, but all is clear in heaven.
i have somewhere heard it said, that wherever heaven may be, those whoreach it will behold the mechanism of the universe in its perfection.
thosestars, now studding the firmament in such apparent confusion, will thereappear in all their regularity, as worlds revolving in their severalorbits, round suns which gladden them with light and heat, all in harmony,all in beauty, rejoicing as they roll their destined course in obedience tothe almighty fiat; one vast, stupendous, and, to the limits of our presentsenses, incomprehensible mechanism, perfect in all its parts, mostwonderful in the whole.
nor do i doubt it: it is but reasonable to supposeit.
he that hath made this world and all upon it can have no limits to hispower.
i wonder whether i shall ever see it.
i said just now, let us think.
i had better have said, let us not think;for thought is painful, even dangerous when carried to excess.
happy is hewho thinks but little, whose ideas are so confined as not to cause theintellectual fever, wearing out the mind and body, and often threateningboth with dissolution.
there is a happy medium of intellect, sufficient toconvince us that all is good--sufficient to enable us to comprehend thatwhich is revealed, without a vain endeavour to pry into the hidden; tounderstand the one, and lend our faith unto the other; but when the mindwould soar unto the heaven not opened to it, or dive into sealed and darkfuturity, how does it return from its several expeditions?
confused,alarmed, unhappy; willing to rest, yet restless; willing to believe, yetdoubting; willing to end its futile travels, yet setting forth anew.
yet,how is a superior understanding envied!
how coveted by all!--a gift whichalways leads to danger, and often to perdition.
i have not been entrusted with one of those thorough-bred,snorting, champing, foaming sort of intellects, which run away with commonsense, who is jerked from his saddle at the beginning of its wild career.
mine is a good, steady, useful hack, who trots along the high-road of life,keeping on his own side, and only stumbling a little now and then, when ihappen to be careless,--ambitious only to arrive safely at the end of hisjourney, not to pass by others.
why am i no longer ambitious?
once i was, but 'twas when i was young andfoolish.
then methought "it were an easy leap to pluck bright honour fromthe pale-faced moon;" but now i am old and fat, and there is something infat which chokes or destroys ambition.
it would appear that it is requisitefor the body to be active and springing as the mind; and if it is not, itweighs the latter down to its own gravity.
who ever heard of a fat manbeing ambitious?
cæsar was a spare man; buonaparte was thin as long as heclimbed the ladder; nelson was a shadow.
the duke of wellington has notsufficient fat in his composition to grease his own wellington-boots.
inshort, i think my hypothesis to be fairly borne out, that fat and ambitionare incompatible.
it is very melancholy to be forced to acknowledge this, for i am convincedthat it may be of serious injury to my works.
an author with a genteelfigure will always be more read than one who is corpulent.
all hisetherealness departs.
some young ladies may have fancied me an elegantyoung man, like lytton bulwer, full of fun and humour, concealing all myprofound knowledge under the mask of levity, and have therefore read mybooks with as much delight as has been afforded by "pelham."
but the truthmust be told.
i am a grave, heavy man, with my finger continually laidalong my temple, seldom speaking unless spoken to--and when ladies talk, inever open my mouth; the consequence is, that sometimes, when there is asuccession of company, i do not speak for a week.
moreover, i am married,with five small children; and now all i look forward to, and all i covet,is to live in peace, and die in my bed.
i wonder why i did not commence authorship before!
how true it is that aman never knows what he can do until he tries!
the fact is, i never thoughtthat i could make a novel; and i was thirty years old before i stumbled onthe fact.
what a pity!
writing a book reminds me very much of making a passage across theatlantic.
at one moment, when the ideas flow, you have the wind aft, andaway you scud, with a flowing sheet, and a rapidity which delights you: atother times, when your spirit flags, and you gnaw your pen (i have latelyused iron pens, for i'm a devil of a crib-biter), it is like unto a foulwind, tack and tack, requiring a long time to get on a short distance.
butstill you do go, although but slowly; and in both cases we must take thefoul wind with the fair.
if a ship were to furl her sails until the windwas again favourable, her voyage would be protracted to an indefinite time;and if an author were to wait until he again felt in a humour, it wouldtake a life to write a novel.
whenever the wind is foul, which it now most certainly is, for i am writinganything but "newton forster," and which will account for this rambling,stupid chapter, made up of odds and ends, strung together like what we call"skewer pieces" on board of a man-of-war; when the wind is foul, as i saidbefore, i have, however, a way of going a-head by getting up the steam,which i am now about to resort to--and the fuel is brandy.
all on this sideof the world are asleep, except gamblers, house-breakers, the new police,and authors.
my wife is in the arms of morpheus--an allegorical _crim.
con._, which we husbands are obliged to wink at; and i am making love tothe brandy-bottle, that i may stimulate my ideas, as unwilling to be rousedfrom their dark cells of the brain as the spirit summoned by lochiel, whoimplored at each response, "leave, oh!
leave me to repose."
now i'll invoke them, conjure them up, like little imps, to do mybidding:--  by this glass which now i drain,    by this spirit, which shall cheer you,  as its fumes mount to my brain,    from thy torpid slumbers rear you.
by this head, so tired with thinking,    by this hand, no longer trembling,  by these lips, so fond of drinking,    let me feel that you're assembling.
by the bottle placed before me,    (food for you, ere morrow's sun),  by this second glass, i pour me,    come, you _little beggars_, come.
"british sailors have a knack,    haul away, yo ho, boys.
of hauling down a frenchman's jack    'gainst any odds, you know, boys."
there was, i flatter myself, some little skill in the introduction of theforegoing chapter, which has played the part of chorus during the time thatthe _bombay castle_ has proceeded on to canton, has taken in her cargo, andis on her passage home, in company with fifteen other east indiamen andseveral country ships, all laden with the riches of the east, and hasteningto pour their treasures into the lap of their country.
millions werefloating on the waters, entrusted to the skill of merchant-seamen to conveythem home in safety, and to their courage to defend them from the enemy,which had long been lying in wait to intercept them.
by a very unusualchance or oversight, there had been no men-of-war despatched to protectproperty of such enormous value.
the indian fleet had just entered the straits of malacca, and were sailingin open order, with a fresh breeze and smooth water.
the hammocks had beenstowed, the decks washed, and the awnings spread.
shoals of albicore weredarting across the bows of the different ships; and the seamen perched uponthe cat-heads and spritsail-yard, had succeeded in piercing with theirharpoons many, which were immediately cut up, and in the frying-pans forbreakfast.
but very soon they had "other fish to fry;" for one of theindiamen, the _royal george_, made the signal that there were four strangesail in the s.w.
"a gun from the commodore, sir," reported newton, who was officer of thewatch.
"the flags are up--they are not our pennants."
it was an order to four ships of the fleet to run down and examine thestrange vessels.
half-an-hour elapsed, during which time the glasses were at everymast-head.
captain drawlock himself, although not much given to climbing,having probably had enough of it during his long career in the service, wasto be seen in the main-top.
doubts, suspicions, declarations, surmises, andpositive assertions were bandied about, until they were all dispelled bythe reconnoitring ships telegraphing, "a french squadron, consisting of oneline-of-battle ship, three frigates, and a brig."
it was, in fact, thewell-known squadron of admiral linois, who had scoured the indian seas,ranging it up and down with the velocity as well as the appetite of ashark.
his force consisted of the _marengo_, of eighty guns; the famed_belle poule_, a forty-gun frigate, which outstripped the wind; the_sémìllante_, of thirty-six guns; the _berceau_, ship corvette, oftwenty-two, and a brig of sixteen.
they had sailed from batavia on purposeto intercept the china fleet, having received intelligence that it wasunprotected, and anticipating an easy conquest, if not an immediatesurrender to their overpowering force.
"the recall is up on board of the commodore," said mathews, the first mate,to captain drawlock.
"very well, keep a good look-out; he intends to fight, i'll answer for it.
we must not surrender up millions to these french scoundrels without atussle."
"i should hope not," replied mathews; "but that big fellow will make ageneral average among our tea canisters, i expect, when we do come to thescratch.
there go the flags, sir," continued mathews, repeating the numberto captain drawlock, who had the signal-book in his hand.
"form line of battle in close order, and prepare for action," read captaindrawlock from the signal-book.
a cheer resounded through the fleet when the signal was made known.
theships were already near enough to each other to hear the shouting, and theconfidence of others added to their own.
"if we only had _all_ english seamen on board, instead of these lascars andchinamen, who look so blank," observed newton to mathews, "i think weshould show them some play."
"yes," growled mathews; "john company will some day find out the truth ofthe old proverb, 'penny wise and pound foolish!'"
the french squadron, which had continued on the wind to leeward until theycould fetch the india fleet, now tacked, and laid up directly for them.
inthe meantime, the english vessels were preparing for action: the clearingof their lumbered decks was the occasion of many a coop of fowls, or pig ofthe true china breed, exchanging their destiny for a watery grave.
fortunately, there were no passengers.
homeward-bound china ships are notencumbered in that way, unless to astonish the metropolis with suchmonstrosities as the mermaid, or as the siamese twins, coupled by naturelike two hounds (separated lately indeed by lytton bulwer, who hassatisfactorily proved that "unity between brethren," so generally esteemeda blessing, on the contrary, is a bore).
in a short time all was ready, andthe india fleet continued their course under easy sail, neither courtingnor avoiding the conflict.
at nightfall the french squadron hauled to the wind; the conduct of thechina fleet rendered them cautious, and the french admiral considered itadvisable to ascertain, by broad daylight, whether a portion of the englishships were not men-of-war; their cool and determined behaviour certainlywarranted the suspicion.
it was now to be decided whether the indiamenshould take advantage of the darkness of the night to escape, or wait theresult of the ensuing day.
the force opposed to them was formidable andconcentrated; their own, on the contrary, was weak from division, each shipnot having more than sixty english seamen on board; the country ships noneat all, the few belonging to them having volunteered on board of theindiamen.
in his decision commodore dance proved his judgment as well ashis courage.
in an attempt to escape, the fleet would separate; and, fromthe well-known superior sailing of the french squadron, most of them wouldbe overtaken, and, being attacked singlehanded, fall an easy prey to theenemy.
in this opinion the captains of the indiamen, who had communicated duringthe night, were unanimous, and equally so in the resolution founded uponit, "to keep together and fight to the last."
the india fleet lay to forthe night, keeping their lights up and the men at their quarters; most ofthe english seamen sound asleep, the lascars and chinese sitting up ingroups, expressing, in their own tongues, their fear of the approachingcombat, in which, whether risked for national honour or individualproperty, they could have no interest.
the morning broke, and discovered the french squadron about three miles towindward.
admiral linois had calculated that if the fleet consisted only ofmerchant vessels they would have profited by the darkness to have attemptedto escape, and he had worked to windward during the night, that he might beall ready to pounce down upon his quarry.
but when he perceived that theenglish ships did not attempt to increase their distance he was sadlypuzzled.
the french tricolour hardly had time to blow clear from their taffrails,when the english unions waved aloft in defiance; and that admiral linoismight be more perplexed by the arrangements of the night, three of the mostwarlike indiamen displayed the red ensign, while the remainder of the shipshoisted up the blue.
this _ruse_ led the french admiral to suppose thatthese three vessels were men-of-war, composing the escort of the fleet.
at nine o'clock the commodore made the signal to fill; and the frenchsquadron not bearing down, the india fleet continued its course under easysail.
the french admiral then edged away with his squadron, with theintention of cutting off the country ships, which had been stationed toleeward; but which, since the british fleet had hauled their wind, had beenleft in the rear.
it was now requisite for the british commander to actdecidedly and firmly.
captain timmins, an officer for courage and conductnot surpassed by any in our naval service, who commanded the _royalgeorge_, edged to within hail of the commodore, and recommended that theorder should be given to tack in succession, bear down in a line-a-head,and engage the enemy.
this spirited advice was acted upon; the _royalgeorge_ leading into action, followed by the other ships in such closeorder that their flying jib-booms were often pointed over the taffrails oftheir predecessors.
in a quarter of an hour was to be witnessed the unusual spectacle of afleet of merchant ships exchanging broadsides with the best equipped andhighest disciplined squadron that ever sailed from france.
in less than anhour was presented the more unusual sight of this squadron flying from themerchant ships, and the signal for a general chase answered withenthusiastic cheers.
that admiral linois might have supposed, previous to the engagement, thatsome of the british ships were men-of-war, is probable; but that he knewotherwise after they had commenced action, must also have been the case.
the fact was, he was frightened at their determined courage and theirdecided conduct; and he fled, not from the guns, but from the _men_.
i do not know on record any greater instance of heroism on the part ofbritish seamen; and i am delighted that newton forster was in the conflict,or of course i could not have introduced it in this work.
and now, those who read for amusement may, if they please, skip over to thenext chapter.
there are points connected with the india service which iintend to comment upon; and as all the wisdom of the age is confined tonovels, and nobody reads pamphlets, i introduce them here.
when one man is empowered to hold in check, and to insist upon theobedience of a large proportion of his fellows, it can only be by "opinion"that his authority can be supported.
by "opinion" i mean the knowledge that he is so empowered by the laws ofthe country to which they all belong, and by which laws they will bepunished, if they act in opposition to his authority.
the fiat of theindividual commanding is in this case the fiat of the nation at large; tocontend with this fiat is not contending with the individual, but with thenation, to whose laws they must submit, or return to their country no more.
a commander of a vessel, therefore, armed with martial law, is, in fact,representing and executing, not his own will, but that of the nation whohave made the law; for he is amenable, as well as his inferiors, if he actscontrary to, or misuses it.
in the merchant service martial law is not permitted; the bye-laws relativeto shipping, and the common law of the country, are supposed to besufficient; and certainly the present system is more advisable than to vestsuch excessive power in the hands of men, who, generally speaking, neitherrequire nor are fit to be entrusted with it.
where, as in the greaternumber of merchant vessels, the master and his subordinate officers composeone-third, if not one-half of the complement on board, nothing but the mostflagrant conduct is likely to produce insubordination.
but in the east india service the case is different.
the vessels themselvesare of dimensions equal, if not superior, to our largest class of frigates,and they carry from thirty to forty guns; the property embarked in them isalso of such an extent, that the loss almost becomes national: theircommanders are men of superior attainments, as gentlemen and as officers;finally, the complement of seamen under their command is larger than onboard of many of the king's ships.
the above considerations will at once establish that those bye-laws whichafford protection to the well-governing of the merchant service in general,are not sufficient to maintain the necessary discipline on board of theeast india ships.
the greater the disproportion between the unit whocommands and the numbers who obey, the greater the chance of mutiny.
sedition is the progeny of assembly.
even where grievances may be real, ifthere is no contact and no discussion, there will be no insubordination;but imaginary grievances, canvassed and discussed in assembly, swell intodisaffection and mutiny.
when, therefore, numbers are collected together,as in the vessels of the east india service, martial law becomesindispensable; and the proof of it is, that the commanders of these vesselshave been forced to exercise it upon their own responsibility.
a letter ofmarque should be granted to all vessels carrying a certain number of men,empowering the commanders, under certain sureties and penalties, toexercise this power.
it would be a boon to the east india ships, andultimately a benefit to the navy.
the merchant ships of the company are men-of-war; themen-of-war of the company are--what shall i call them?
by their rightnames--they are all _bombay marine_: but let me at once assert, in applyingtheir own name to them as a reproach, that the officers commanding themare not included in the stigma.
i have served with them, and have pleasurein stating that, taking the average, the vessels are as well officered asthose in our own service; but let us describe the vessels and their crews.
most of the vessels are smaller in scantling than the run down (andconstantly _going down_) ten-gun brigs in our own service, built for alight draft of water (as they were originally intended to act against thepirates, which occasionally infest the indian seas), and unfit to contendwith anything like a heavy sea.
many of them are pierced for, and actuallycarry fourteen to sixteen guns; but, as effective fighting vessels, oughtnot to have been pierced for more than eight.
i have no hesitation inasserting that an english cutter is a match for any of them, and a frenchprivateer has, before now, proved that she was superior.
the crews arecomposed of a small proportion of english seamen, a small proportion ofportuguese sea-cunnies, a proportion of lascars, and a proportion of hindoobombay marines.
it requires two or three languages to carry on the duty;customs, religions, provisions, all different, and all living and messingseparate.
how is it possible that any officer can discipline a ship'scompany of this incongruous description, so as to make them "pulltogether"?
in short, the vessels and the crews are equally contemptible,and the officers, in cases of difficulty, must be sacrificed to the prideand meanness of the company.
my reason for taking notice of the "bombaymarine" arises from an order lately promulgated, in which the officers ofthis service were to take rank and precedence with those of the navy.
now,as far as the officers themselves are concerned, so far from having anyobjection to it, i wish, for their own merits and the good-will that i bearthem, that they were incorporated into our navy-list; but as long as theycommand vessels of the above description, in the event of a war, i will puta case, to prove the absurdity and danger which may result.
there is notone vessel at this present time in their service which would not be sunk byone well-directed broadside from a large frigate; yet, as many of theirofficers are of long standing, it is very probable that a squadron ofenglish frigates may fall in with one of these vessels, the captain ofwhich would be authorised by his seniority to take the command of the wholeof them.
we will suppose that this squadron falls in with the enemy, ofequal or superior force; can the officer in command lead on to the attack?
if so, he will be sent down by the first broadside.
if he does not, fromwhom are the orders to proceed during the action?
the consequences would beas injurious as the arrangement is ridiculous.
the charter of the east india company will soon expire; and if it is to berenewed, the country ought to have some indemnification for the threemillions which this colony or conquest (which you please) annually drawsfrom it.
now there is one point which deserves consideration: theconstitutional protection of all property is by the nation, and as a navalforce is required in india, that force should be supplied by the armamentsof the nation, at the expense of the company.
i have already proved thatthe bombay marine is a useless and incompetent service: let it be abolishedaltogether, and men-of-war be sent out to supply their place.
it is mostimportant that our navy should be employed in time of peace, and ourofficers gain that practical knowledge without which the theoretical isuseless.
were this insisted upon, a considerable force would be activelyemployed, at no expense to the country, and many officers become valuable,who now are remaining inactive, and forgetting what previous knowledge theymay have acquired of their nautical duties.
at the same time, every east india ship should be compelled to take onboard her whole complement of english seamen, and not be half manned bylascars and chinamen.
but i presume i must be careful how i attempt to legislate for thatcountry, or i shall have two tame elephants sent after me by the man _what_puts his hair in papers!
"what singular emotions fill    their bosoms, who have been induced to roam,  with flattering doubts, if all be well or ill,    with love for many, and with fears for some!"
the china fleet arrived without encountering any further danger; thecommodore and commanders of the several ships composing the fleet receivedthat praise from their countrymen to which their conduct had so fullyentitled them.
as soon as the _bombay castle_ had entered the basin of theeast india docks, newton requested, and easily obtained, permission toleave the ship.
he immediately directed his steps to greenwich, that hemight ascertain if his father was in existence; for he had received noletters since his departure, although he had taken several opportunities towrite.
it is true that he had not expected any; he knew that his father wastoo absent ever to think about writing to him, and his uncle much too busyto throw away any portion of his time in unnecessary correspondence.
when we approach the dwelling containing, or supposed to contain, an objectof solicitude, of whose existence we are uncertain, what a thrill ofanxiety pervades the frame!
how quickened is the throbbing of the heart!
how checked the respiration!
thus it was with newton forster as he raisedhis hand to the latch of the door.
he opened it, and the first object whichdelighted his eyes was his father seated upon a high stool smoking hispipe, in the company of two veterans of the hospital, who had brought theirold bones to an anchor upon a large trunk.
they were in earnestconversation, and did not perceive the company of newton, who waited alittle while, holding the door ajar, as he contemplated the group.
one of the pensioners was speaking, and continued:--"may be, or may not be,mr forster, that's _dubersome_; but if so be as how he is alive, why you'llsee him soon, that's sartain--take my word for it.
a good son, as you sayhe was, as soon as he can get over the side of the ship, always bears upfor his parent's house.
with the help of your barnacles, i worked my wayclean through the whole yarn, and i seed the report of killed and wounded;and i'll take my affidavy that there warn't an officer in the fleet as lostthe number of his mess in that action, and a most clipping affair it was;only think of mounseer turning tail to marchant vessels!
damn my oldbuttons!
what will our jolly fellows do next?"
why there be nothing to do, 'less they shave off the beard ofthe grand turk to make a swab for the cabin of the king's yacht, and sarveout his seven hundred wives amongst the fleet.
i say, i wonder how he keepsso many of them craft in good order?"
"i knows," replied the other, "for i axed the very question when i was upthe dardanelles.
there be a black fellow, a _unique_ they calls him, with alarge sword and a bag of sawdust, as always stands sentry at the door, andif so be a woman kicks up a bobbery, why plump her head goes into the bag."
"well, that's one way to make a good woman on her; but as i was saying, mrforster, you mustn't be down in the mouth; a seaman as knows his duty,never cares for leave till all the work be done.
i'd bet a yard of pigtailthat mr newton--""is here, my good fellow!"
"my dear father!"
nicholas sprang off his seat and embraced his son.
"my dear, dear boy!
why did you not come to me before?
i was afraid thatyou had been killed.
well, i'm glad to see you, newton.
how did you likethe west indies?"
"the east hinges, you mean, mr forster.--newton," continued the oldpensioner, wiping both sides of his hand upon his blue breeches, and thenextending it--"tip us your daddle, my lad; i like to touch the flipper ofone who has helped to shame the enemy; and it will be no disgrace for youto grapple with an old seaman, who did his duty as long as he had a pin tostand upon."
"with pleasure, my friend," replied newton, taking the old man's hand,while the other veteran seized the one unoccupied, and, surveying newtonfrom top to toe, observed, "if your ship be manned with all such lads asyou--why, she be damned well manned, that's all."
newton laughed and turned to his father.
"well, father, how are you?--have you been quite well?
and how do you likeyour berth here?"
"why, newton, i get on much better than i did at bristol."
"it be liverpool he mean, mr newton; but your good father be a littledamaged in his upper works; his memory box is like a sieve.--come, bill, webe two too many.
when father and son meet after a india voyage, there bemuch to say as wants no listeners.--good-bye, mr forster; may you neverwant a son, and may he never want a ship!"
newton smiled his thanks to the considerate old pensioners, as they stumpedout of the door, and left him alone with his father.
the communications ofnicholas were as concise as usual.
he liked his situation, liked hiscompany, had as much work as he wished for, and had enjoyed good health.
when newton entered upon pecuniary matters, which he was the sooner inducedto do by observing that his father's coat and smallclothes were in a mostruinous condition, he discovered, that although the old gentleman hadprovided himself with money from the bankers, during the first year, topurchase a new suit of clothes, latterly he not only had quite forgottenthat there were funds at his disposal, but even that he had procured theclothes, which had remained in the chest from the day they had been senthome without having been tried on.
now i recollect, so i did; and i put them upstairs somewhere.
iwas busy at the time with my improvement on the duplex."
"have you seen much of my uncle, sir?"
"your uncle!--dear me, no!
i don't know where he lives; so i waited untilyou came back.
we'll go tomorrow, newton, or he may think me unkind.
i'llsee if his watch goes well; i recollect he said it did.
but, newton, tellme all about your voyage, and the action with the french ships."
newton entered into a detail, during which he perceived by his father'squestions that his memory had become more impaired, and that he was moreabsent than ever.
he arranged to call upon his uncle the ensuing day; andthen it was his intention, without communicating it to his father, to makeevery inquiry and advertise to ascertain the fate of his mother.
this was aduty which he had long wished to repeat; but his necessities and want oftime had hitherto precluded the renewal of the task.
early the next morning, newton and his father went up to london by thegreenwich coach; and a walk of a few minutes after they were put downbrought them to the chambers of mr john forster.
"how do you do, mr scratton?
is my uncle at home?"
mr scratton immediately recognised him, and very graciously replied, thathis uncle was at home and would be very glad to see him, having talked veryoften of him lately.
newton and his father were ushered into the parlour, where he found hisuncle precisely in the same position as when he last saw him;--it wouldalmost have appeared that he had not quitted his seat during newton'stedious voyage.
"nephew," said mr john forster, without rising from his chair, "i am veryglad to see you.--brother nicholas, i am very glad to see you too.--chairs,scratton," continued the old lawyer, taking his watch off the table, andplacing it in his fob.
"well, nephew, i am very glad to hear such goodaccounts of you.
i saw mr bosanquet yesterday, and he told me that you hadfor your good conduct been promoted to the rank of second mate."
"it is more than i am aware of," replied newton, much pleased with theinformation.
"i am much obliged to you for the intelligence, as i am foryour many other acts of kindness."
"well, so you ought to be; it's no bad thing, as i told you before, to findout an uncle.
by-the-bye, there has been some alteration in myestablishment since we parted, nephew.
i have a house in lincoln's innfields, and a spare bed, if you will accept of it.
we dine at six; brothernicholas, i shall be very happy to see you, if you can stay.
it will be toolate to go home after dinner, but you can share my nephew's bed."
"i shall be most happy to accept your kind offer for a few days, sir, if itdoes not incommode you," replied newton.
"no; you will not incommode me _there_, but you do very much _here_, wherei am always busy.
so good-bye, my boy; i shall be at home at six.
brothernicholas, you did not vouchsafe me an answer."
"about what, brother john?"
replied nicholas, who had been "in the clouds."
"oh, i'll tell you all about it, father," said newton, laughing.
"come awaynow--my uncle is busy."
and nicholas rose up, with the observation--"brother john, you appear to me to read a great deal."
"yes, i do, brother."
"how much do you read a day?"
"i really cannot say; much depends upon whether i am interrupted or not."
"it must be very bad for your eyes, brother john."
"it certainly does not improve them," replied the lawyer, impatiently.
"come, father, my uncle is very busy," said newton, touching nicholas onthe arm.
"well, good-bye, brother john.
i had something to say--oh!
i hope you arenot displeased at my not coming to see you before?"
not in the least, i can assure you, brother nicholas; so good-bye.
newton, you'll bring him with you at six," said mr john forster; and heresumed his brief before they had quitted the room.
newton was much surprised to hear that his uncle had taken a house, and hesurmised whether he had not also been induced to take a wife.
he felt aninclination to put the question to mr scratton, as he passed through theoffice; but checked the wish, lest it should appear like prying into hisuncle's affairs.
being the month of february, it was dark long before sixo'clock, and newton was puzzled what to do with his father until that time.
he returned to the salopian coffee-house, opposite to which they had beenput down by the greenwich coach; and taking possession of a box, called forsome biscuits and a pint of sherry; and requesting his father to stay thereuntil his return, went out to purchase a sextant, and some other nauticalluxuries, which his pay enabled him to procure without trespassing upon thefunds supplied by the generosity of his uncle.
he then returned to hisfather, who had finished the wine and biscuits, and had his eyes fixed uponthe ceiling of the room; and calling a hackney coach, drove to thedirection which his uncle had pointed out as his residence.
mr john forster had already come home, and they found him in thedining-room, decanting the wine for dinner, with amber by his side.
newtonwas surprised at the appearance of a little girl; and, as he took herproffered hand, inquired her name.
papa says it's a very foolish name; don't you, papa?"
"yes, my dear, i do; but now we are going to dinner, and you must go to mrssmith: so good-night."
amber kissed the old lawyer, as he stooped to her; and wishing the companygood-night, she left the room.
"brother john," said nicholas, "i really had no idea that you were amarried man."
i am not a married man, brother."
"then pray, brother, how is it possible for that little girl to be yourdaughter?"
"i did not say she was my daughter: but now we will go upstairs into thedrawing-room, while they put the dinner on the table."
the dinner was soon announced; the cookery was plain, but good, the wineexcellent.
when the dessert was placed on the table, mr john forster rose,and taking two bottles of port-wine from the side-board, placed them on thetable, and addressed newton.
"nephew, i have no time to _sip_ wine, although it is necessary that idrink it.
now, we must drink fast, as i have only ten minutes to spare; notthat i wish you to drink more than you like, but i must push the bottleround, whether you fill or no, as i have an appointment, what we call aconsultation, at my chambers.
pass the bottle, brother," continued thelawyer, helping himself, and shoving the decanter to nicholas.
nicholas, who had been little accustomed to wine, obeyed mechanically,swallowing down each glass _à gorge déployée_, as he was awoke from hismeditations by the return of the bottle, and then filling up his glassagain.
newton, who could take his allowance as well as most people, couldnot, however, venture to drink glass for glass with his uncle, and thebottle was passed several times without his filling.
when the ten minuteshad elapsed, mr john forster took his watch from the table, replaced it inhis fob, and rose from his chair.
locking up the remainder of the wine, hequitted the house without apology, leaving his guests to entertainthemselves, and order tea when they felt inclined.
"my brother seems to be very busy, newton," observed nicholas.
"what winewas that we have been drinking?
it was very strong; i declare my head turnsround;" and in a few moments more nicholas dropped his head upon the table,and was fast asleep.
newton, who perceived that his father was affected by the wine which he hadbeen drinking, which was, in the sum total, a pint of sherry at thecoffee-house before dinner, and at least a bottle during and after hismeal, thought it better that he should be allowed to take his nap.
hetherefore put out the candles, and went up into the drawing-room, where heamused himself with a book until the clock struck twelve.
according to theregulations of the house, the servants had retired to bed, leaving a lightin the passage for their master on his return, which sometimes was at avery late hour, or rather, it should be said, at a very early one.
newtonlighted a chamber-candlestick, and went down into the parlour to rouse hisfather; but all his attempts were in vain.
the wine had taken such aneffect upon him, that he was in a state of lethargy.
newton observed thatthe servant had cleared the table, and that the fire was out: and, as therewas no help for it, he removed the chairs to the end of the room, that hisfather might not tumble over them if he awoke in the dark, and then retiredto his own bed.
"angels and ministers of grace defend us!
be thy intents wicked or charitable,  thou com'st in such a questionable shape  that i will speak to thee."
it was past two o'clock when mr john forster returned from his chambers,and let himself in with a pass-key.
having secured the street-door, the oldgentleman lighted his candle from the lamp, which he then blew out, and hadhis foot upon the first step of the stairs, when he was startled by a loudsnore from nicholas in the dining-room; he immediately proceeded there, andfound his brother, with his head still lying on the table.
ejaculated the lawyer.
"why, brother nicholas!
nicholas, who had nearly slept off the effects of the wine, answered withan unintelligible sort of growling.
"brother nicholas, i say,--brother nicholas,--will you get up, or lie hereall night?"
"they shall be cleaned and ready by to-morrow morning," replied nicholas,dreaming.
that's more than you will be, apparently,--i say, brothernicholas."
"yes, brother," replied nicholas, raising his head and staring at thecandle.
"why, what's the matter?"
"the matter is, that i wish to go to bed, and wish to see you in bed beforei go myself."
"yes, brother john, if you please, certainly.
where's my bed?
i do believei have been asleep."
i have no doubt upon the subject," replied john forster, lightinganother candle.
"come this way, brother nicholas," and they both ascendedthe stairs.
when mr john forster arrived at the door of his own room, on the firststorey, he stopped.
"now, brother nicholas, are you quite awake?
do youthink that i may trust you with the candle?"
"i should hope so," replied nicholas; "i see that it is silver, but i hopei'm honest, brother john."
i mean, can i trust you to put it out?"
"yes, i think that you may.
pray, which is my room?"
"the first door on the left, when you are at the top of the stairs."
"the first door."
"yes, the first on the left; do you understand?"
"yes, brother, i do; the first door on the left."
"very well; then i wish you a good-night."
"good-night, brother," replied nicholas, ascending the stairs as johnforster entered his room.
nicholas arrived at the head of the stairs; but his brain was not veryclear.
he muttered to himself "i think i'm right--yes, i'm right--the firstdoor--to the right--yes--that's it;" and instead of the room to the left,where newton was, he walked into the one to the right, which appertained tothe housekeeper, mrs smith.
the old lady was fast asleep.
nicholas threw off his clothes, put out hiscandle, and stepped into bed without waking the old lady, whom he supposedto be his son, and in a few minutes they snored in concert.
the morning dawned.
the watchmen (london nightingales) ceased their notesand retired to their beds.
the chimney-sweeps (larks of the metropolis)raised their shrill cry as they paced along with chattering teeth.
housemaids and kitchen-maids presented their back views to the earlypassengers as they washed off the accumulation of the previous day from thesteps of the front-door.
"milk below" (certainly much below "proof") was answered by the ascent ofthe busy cooks, when a knock at the door of mrs smith's room from the redknuckles of the housemaid, awoke her to a sense of her equivocal situation.
at her first discovery that a man was in her bed, she uttered a scream ofhorror, throwing herself upon her knees, and extending her hands before herin her amazement.
the scream awoke nicholas, who, astonished at the sight,and his modesty equally outraged, also threw himself in the same posture,facing her, and recoiling.
each looked aghast at each: each considered theother as the lawless invader; but before a word of explanation could passbetween them, their countenances changed from horror to surprise, fromsurprise to anxiety and doubt.
screamed the housekeeper, losing her breath with astonishment.
cried nicholas, retreating further.
"yes--yes--it is--my _dear_ nicholas!"
"no--it can't be," replied nicholas, hearing the fond appellation.
yes--it is your poor unhappy wife, who begs your pardon,nicholas," cried the housekeeper, bursting into tears, and falling into hisarms.
"my dear--dear wife!"
exclaimed nicholas, as he threw his arms around her,and each sobbed upon the other's shoulder.
in this position they remained a minute, when mr john forster, who heardthe scream and subsequent exclamations, and had taken it for granted thathis brother had been guilty of some _contretemps_, first wiped theremaining lather from his half-shaved chin, and then ascended to thehousekeeper's room, from whence the noise had proceeded.
when he opened thedoor, he found them in the position we have described, both kneeling in thecentre of the bed embracing and sobbing.
they were so wrapt in each other,that they did not perceive his entrance.
mr john forster stared withamazement for a few seconds, and thus growled out:--"why, what are you two old fools about?"
"it's my husband, sir,"--"it's my wife, brother john," cried they, both atonce, as the tears coursed down their cheeks.
ejaculated the lawyer, and he quitted the room.
we must let the reader imagine the various explanations which took placebetween nicholas and his truly reformed wife, newton and his uncle, amber,and everybody in the household, while we narrate the events which hadbrought about this singular _dénouement_.
the reader may recollect that we left mrs forster in the lunatic asylum,slowly recovering from an attack of brain-fever, which had been attendedwith a relapse.
for many weeks she continued in a state of greatfeebleness, and during that time, when in the garden, in company with otherdenizens of this melancholy abode (wishing to be usefully employed), shegreatly assisted the keepers in restraining them, and, in a short time,established that superiority over them which is invariably the result of asane intellect.
this was soon perceived by doctor beddington, who (aware ofher destitute condition) offered her a situation as nurse in theestablishment, until the inspecting magistrates should make theirappearance, with the promise that she might continue in it afterwards, ifshe thought proper.
this proposal was accepted by mrs forster, until shemight resolve what course to take, and she soon became a most invaluableperson in the establishment, effecting more by lenient and kind treatmentthan the keepers were able to do by their violence.
so completely changedwas mrs forster in disposition, that so far from feeling any resentmentagainst those who had been the means of her confinement, she acknowledgedto herself that her own conduct had been the occasion of her misfortune,and that those who had contributed to open her eyes to her former insanity,were her best friends.
she was humbled, and unhappy; but she kissed therod.
all that she now wished was to find out her husband, and by her futureconduct to make reparation for the past.
one of the gaolers, at herrequest, made every inquiry as to the part of england to which nicholas hadremoved; but it was without success.
all trace was lost; and mrs forsteraccepted the situation of nurse, until she might be enabled to prosecuteher search, or obtain the intelligence which she desired.
for nine months mrs forster remained on the establishment, during whichtime she had saved a sum of money sufficient for her support and travellingexpenses.
she then resolved to search after her husband, whose pardon forher previous conduct seemed to be the _sine qua non_ for which shecontinued to exist.
she took leave of the doctor; and, strange to say, itwas with feelings of regret that she quitted an abode, once the source ofhorror and disgust: but time reconciles us to everything, and she made ahalf promise to dr beddington, that if she could not hear any tidings ofher husband, or should discover that he was no more, she would return tothe situation.
mrs forster directed her course to london; why, or wherefore, she hardlyknew; but she had imbibed the idea that the metropolis was the most likelyplace to meet with him.
her first inquiries were about any families of thename of forster; but the directory gave such an enormous list of forsters,of all trades and callings, and in every situation in life, that she closedit with despair.
she had a faint recollection that her husband (who wasnever very communicative, and least of all to her) had stated that he had abrother alive somewhere; but this was all that she knew.
nevertheless, sheset about her task in good earnest, and called upon every one of the namein the middling classes of life, to ascertain if they were relations of herhusband.
there were many in high life whose names and addresses she hadobtained from the red-book; but to them she dared not apply.
all she coulddo was to question the servants; but every answer was unsatisfactory; andmrs forster, whose money was nearly expended, had serious thoughts ofreturning to the lunatic establishment, when the advertisement in thenewspapers, of mr scratton, for a housekeeper, which mr john forster haddesired him to procure, met her eye.
unwilling to leave london, she appliedfor, and obtained the situation, having received an excellent characterfrom doctor beddington, to whom she had written and explained her views.
her heart leapt when she discovered that her master's name was forster: andwhen she first saw him she could not but persuade herself that there was afamily likeness.
the germs of hope were, however, soon withered, whenamber, in answer to her inquiries, stated that mr forster had a brotherlately dead, who had never been married, and that she never heard of hishaving another.
her fellow-servants were all as strange as herself, and mrsforster (who had assumed the name of smith) was obliged to have recourse tothat patience and resignation which had been so severely inculcated.
thecharge of amber soon proved a source of delight; the control which she hadover the household a source of gratification (not, as before, for thepleasure of domineering, but for the sake of exercising kindness andforbearance), and mrs forster was happy and resigned.
it may be surmised as strange, that during the period which she remained inthis capacity, she had never heard mention of her husband or her son; butit must be remembered that nicholas had never called upon his brother, andthat newton was in the east indies; and, moreover, that mr john forster wasjust as little inclined to be communicative as her husband.
indeed, henever came in contact with his housekeeper, except to pay the bills, whichwas regularly once a month, when he called her down after dinner, and afterthe accounts were settled, offered her a glass of wine, as a proof of hisbeing satisfied with her conduct.
when newton and his father arrived at thechambers on the day before the discovery, and were invited to dinner, hisnote of communication was as laconic as usual.
"mrs smith,--i have invited two gentlemen to dine with me to-day, sixprecisely.
"p.s.--let the spare bed be ready."
mrs forster prepared everything as directed; and having done her dutiesbelow, retired to her room, where she usually sat with amber.
she did nottherefore see the parties when they entered; and amber, who had run down tomeet her protector, heard nothing during her short stay in the room, tosuppose that they were relatives of mr john forster.
all that she had tocommunicate was, that the parties were an elderly gentleman and a veryhandsome young man.
yet even this simple communication caused the pulse of mrs forster toaccelerate.
they might be her husband and her son.
it was the first timethat the spare bed had been ordered.
reflection, however, convinced herthat her hopes were strung upon too slight a thread; and, musing on theimprobability of not having ascertained during a year the fact of hermaster having so near a relative--moreover, her son was not inexistence--she sighed, and dismissed the idea as ridiculous.
before thegentlemen had finished their wine, amber was in bed, and mrs forsterinvariably sat at the side of it until her own hour of repose had arrived.
a certain indefinable curiosity still remained lurking; yet, as she couldnot gratify it without intrusion (if the strangers were still up), sheretired to bed, with the reflection that all her doubts would be relievedin the morning; and, after lying awake for some hours in a state ofsuspense, she at last fell into that sound sleep which is usually producedby previous excitement.
how she was awakened from it, the reader has beenalready informed.
"it's rather awkward, newton," said mr john forster, about ten daysafterwards.
"i cannot do without your mother, that's certain; but what am ito do with your father?
well, she must take charge of him as well asamber.
she must teach him--""teach him what, sir?"
replied newton, laughing.
"teach him what?
why, to leave my watch and spectacles alone.
i dare notlay them down for a moment."
"i think we may teach him that, sir, if it is all that you require."
"i ask no more: then he may go about the house like a tame rabbit.
whenwill your ship be ready, boy?"
"in about a fortnight, sir.
i called upon captain oughton the day beforeyesterday, but he was not at home.
his steward gave me the information."
"what is the name of the ship?"
"the _windsor castle_, sir."
"why, all the india ships appear to be called castles.
your last ship wasthe _bombay castle_, i think?"
"yes, sir: there are a great many of them so named--they really arefloating castles."
"and full of ladies.
you 'castle your queens,' as they do at chess.
a pun from mr john forster was a rarity: he never had been known to makeone before: and newton asserts that he never heard him guilty of itafterwards.
it deserves, therefore, bad as it was, to be recorded.  "
----but to stick to my route  'twill be hard, if some novelty can't be struck out.
is there no algerine, no kamschatkan arrived?
no plenipo-pacha, three-tail'd and three wived?
no russian, whose dissonant, consonant name  almost rattles to fragments the trumpet of fame?
by-the-bye, have you found any friend who can construe  that latin account, t'other day, of a monster?
if we can't get a russian--and that story in latin  be not _too_ improper, i think i'll bring that in."
a few mornings after this colloquy with his uncle, newton was very busyperambulating the streets of london, in search of various requisites forhis trip to india, when his hand was seized before he had time to call tomind the features of the party who shook it with such apparent warmth.
"my dear mr forster, i am so delighted to see you, so happy to hear of yourgallant adventure with the french squadron.
mrs plausible will be quitepleased at meeting her old shipmate; she often talks about you.
i must makesure of you," continued the doctor, drawing from his pocket a large packetof cards, and inserting at the top of one newton forster's name with hispencil.
"this is an invitation to our _conversazione_ of to-morrow night,which you must do us the honour to accept.
we shall have all the scientificmen of the day, and a very pretty sprinkling of nobility, if not somethingmore.
however, you will see.
shall i tell mrs plausible that you will come,or will you disappoint her?"
"why," replied newton, "if i possibly can i will.
i presume the hour is notvery precise?"
"o no, from nine until two or three; but if you wish to see great people,about eleven is the exact time."
"well, then," replied newton, "the time which suits great people also suitsme.
i hope mrs plausible is quite well."
"quite well, i thank you.
good-bye;" and dr plausible hurried off soquickly, that newton was induced to look after him, to ascertain what couldinduce such precipitation.
he perceived dr plausible shaking hands warmlywith another gentleman, and after a few seconds the packet of cards wasagain pulled out of his pocket, and the pencil in requisition.
it will benecessary to go back a little, to acquaint the reader with what hadoccurred since the acceptation of dr plausible by miss tavistock, when theywere on board of the _bombay castle_.
on their arrival at madras, misstavistock's early and dearest friend, who resided in the up-country, hadcommissioned an acquaintance to receive miss tavistock until they couldmake arrangements for her journey to the interior.
by this femaleacquaintance miss tavistock was kindly welcomed, and received into herhouse; but miss tavistock's prospects having altered, so had all herdevoted attachment to the friend of her early years.
she wrote, announcingher intended change of condition, and regretting that dr plausible'saffairs, requiring his immediate presence in england, would prevent herhaving the delight of embracing one, who was so entwined round her heart.
the letter was nevertheless very cold, and miss tavistock was very muchabused by her dearest friend, who, disappointed in her expectations, didnot even condescend an answer.
in a week miss tavistock was united to drplausible; and in less than a fortnight afterwards they were on theirpassage home.
dr plausible found that his wife's report of hercircumstances was correct, and that now he had the means of keeping hiscarriage and of seeing company, in moderation.
shortly after their return,dr plausible took the lease of a house in a betwixt and between fashionablestreet, and not wishing to remain idle, attempted to get into practice asan accoucheur; for although the fortune brought by his wife wasconsiderable, still, to keep his carriage in london, he was obliged "tosail nearer to the wind" in other points than he found agreeable: moreoverhe was ambitious.
a night-bell, with "night-bell" in capital letters overit, that people might be aware in the broad day that it was a night-bell,which of course they could not read in the dark, was attached to one sideof the street door.
it was as loud as an alarum-bell, and when rung, was tobe heard from no.
12 to no.
44, in the street where dr plausible resided.
there are little secrets in all trades; and one is, how to obtain practiceas a medical man, which whole mystery consists in making people believethat you have a great deal.
when this is credited, practice immediatelyfollows; and dr plausible was aware of the fact.
at first setting off, hiscarriage drew up to the door occasionally, and stood there for some time,when the doctor made his appearance, and stepped in.
he then took a roundof about three hours through every fashionable part of the town, sittingwell forward, that everybody might see him, apparently examining hisvisiting-book.
at times he would pull up at some distinguished person'sdoor, when there were two or three carriages before him, and getting out,would go in to the porter to ask some frivolous question.
another _ruse_was, to hammer at some titled mansion, and inquire for another titledperson, by mistake.
this occupied the morning; after which doctor plausiblereturned home.
during the first month the night-bell was rung two or threetimes a week by the watchman, who was fee'd for his trouble; but after thatperiod it increased its duties, until it was in motion once, if not twice,every night, and his disturbed neighbours wished doctor plausible and hisextensive practice at the devil.
the carriage also was now rattled to thedoor in a hurry, and doctor plausible was seen to enter it with his case ofinstruments, and drive off with rapidity, sometimes twice a day.
in themeantime, mrs plausible did her part, as she extended her acquaintance withher neighbours.
she constantly railed against a medical husband; declaredthat doctor plausible was never at home, and it was impossible to say atwhat hour they might dine.
the tables also were strewed with the cards ofgreat and fashionable people, obtained by doctor plausible from acelebrated engraver's shop, by a douceur to the shopman, when the masterwas absent.
at last, doctor plausible's instruments were used in goodearnest; and, although not known or even heard of in the fashionable world,he was sent for by the would-be-fashionables, because they imagined that hewas employed by their betters.
now it so happened that in the same streetthere lived another medical man, almost a prototype of doctor plausible,only not quite so well off in the world.
his name was doctor feasible.
hispractice was not extensive, and he was encumbered with a wife and largefamily.
he also very naturally wished to extend his practice and hisreputation; and, after many fruitless attempts, he at last hit upon ascheme which he thought promised to be successful.
"my dear," said he, one morning to his wife, "i am thinking of getting up a_conversazione_."
"a _conversazione_, my love!--why, is not that a very expensive affair?"
"why, not very.
but if it brings me practice, it will be money well laidout."
"yes, my love, if it does, and if we had the money to lay out."
"something must be done.
i have hardly a patient left.
i have an idea thatit will succeed.
go, my dear, and make up this prescription, and let theboy take it to mrs bluestone's.
i wish i had a couple of dozen patientslike her.
i write her prescription, take my fee, and then, that i may besure that it is properly made up, i volunteer to take it to the chemist'smyself."
"pray, what is the complaint of mrs bluestone, my love?"
"nothing; she over-eats herself--that's all.
abernethy would cure her intwenty-four hours."
"well, but, my love, about this _conversazione_?"
"go and make up the prescription, my dear, and we'll talk the matter overafterwards."
they did so.
a list of the people they were acquainted with was drawn out,the expense calculated, and the affair settled.
the first point to be considered was the size of the cards.
"these, my love," said mrs feasible, who came in from a long walk, with herbonnet still on, "these are three shillings and sixpence a hundred; andthese, which are a size larger, are four-and-sixpence.
which do you thinkwe ought to have?"
"why, really, my dear, when one sends out so many, i do not see why weshould incur unnecessary expense.
the three-and-sixpenny ones are quitelarge enough."
"and the engraving will be fourteen shillings."
"well, that will only be a first expense.
_conversazione_ in old english,of course."
"and here, my love, are the ribbons for the maids' caps and sashes; ibought them at waterloo house, very cheap, and a very pretty candle-lightcolour."
"did you speak to them about their gowns?"
"yes, my love; sally and peggy have each a white gown, betty i can lend oneof my own."
the difference between a _conversazione_ and a rout is simply this:--in theformer you are expected to talk or listen, but to be too ethereal to eat.
in the latter, to be squeezed in a crowd, and eat ices, &c., to coolyourselves.
a _conversazione_ has, therefore, a great advantage over thelatter, as far as the pocket is concerned, it being much cheaper to procurefood for the mind than food for the body.
it would appear that tea has beenas completely established the beverage of modern scientific men, as nectarwas formerly that of the gods.
the athenæum gives tea; and i observed in alate newspaper, that lord g---- has promised tea to the geographicalsociety.
had his lordship been aware that there was a beverage invented onboard ship much more appropriate to the science over which he presides thantea, i feel convinced he would have substituted it immediately; and itherefore take this opportunity of informing him that sailors have longmade use of a compound which actually goes by the name of _geo-graffy_,which is only a trifling corruption of the name of the science, arisingfrom their habit of laying the accent upon the penultimate.
i will now givehis lordship the receipt, which is most simple.
take a tin pot, go to the scuttle-butt (having obtained permission from thequarter-deck), and draw off about half a pint of very offensive-smellingwater.
to this add a gill of vinegar and a ship's buscuit broken up intosmall pieces.
stir it well up with the fore-finger; and then, with thefore-finger and thumb, you may pull out the pieces of buscuit, and eat themas fast as you please, drinking the liquor to wash all down.
now this would be the very composition to hand round to the geographicalsociety.
it is not christened geography without a reason; the vinegar andwater representing the green sea, and the pieces of buscuit floating in itthe continents and islands which are washed by it.
now, my lord, do not you thank me for my communication?
but we must return to the _conversazione_ of doctor and mrs feasible.
the company arrived.
there was rap after rap.
the whole street wasastounded with the noise of the wheels and the rattling of the iron stepsof the hackney-coaches.
doctor feasible had procured some portfolios ofprints; some indian idols from a shop in wardour street, duly labelled andchristened, and several other odds and ends to create matter ofconversation.
the company consisted of several medical gentlemen and theirwives, the great mr b----, and the facetious mr c----.
there were ten ortwelve authors, or gentlemen suspected of authorship, fourteen or fifteenchemists, all scientific of course, one colonel, half-a-dozen captains, andto crown all, a city knight and his lady, besides their generalacquaintance, unscientific and unprofessional.
for a beginning this wasvery well; and the company departed very hungry, but highly delighted withtheir evening's entertainment.
"what can all that noise be about?"
said mrs plausible to her husband, whowas sitting with her in the drawing-room, reading the _lancet_, while sheknotted, or _did not_.
"i am sure i cannot tell, mrs plausible."
i'm sure if i have heard one, i have heard thirty raps at adoor within this quarter of an hour.
i'm determined i will know what itis," continued mrs plausible, getting up, and ringing the bell.
"thomas, do you know what all that noise is about?"
said mrs plausible,when the servant answered the bell.
"no, ma'am, i doesn't."
"well, then, go and see."
the impatience of mrs plausible, during the absence of thomas, increasedwith the repetition of the knocks.
said she, as the footman entered.
"if you please, ma'am, mr feasible has got a conwersation--that's all."
"got a what?"
"a _conversazione_ he means, my dear.
it's very strange that doctorfeasible should pretend to give such a thing!"
"i think so too," replied the lady.
"he keeps no carriage.
what can be hisinducement?"
"i perceive," replied dr plausible, "he wants to get practice.
depend uponit, that's his plan.
a sprat to catch mackerel!"
husband and wife were again silent, and resumed their occupations; but the_lancet_ was not read, and the knotting was all in knots, for they wereboth in a brown study.
at last, mrs plausible commenced:--"i really do not see, my dear, why we should not give a _conversazione_ aswell as doctor feasible."
"i was just thinking that we could give them much better; our acquaintancenow is very numerous."
"and very respectable," replied the lady; "it will make us more known inthe world."
"and add to my practice.
i'll soon beat doctor feasible out of the field!"
the result of this conversation was a _conversazione_, which certainly wason a much better scale, and better attended than the one collected bydoctor feasible.
doctor plausible had pumped a mutual acquaintance as tothe merits of his rival, and had set to work with great diligence.
he ordered his carriage, and for two or three days previous to the onefixed, went round to all his friends who had curiosities, foreign,indigenous, or continental, admired them, talked learnedly, expressed awish to exhibit them to several gentlemen of talent at his next_conversazione_, pulled out a card for the party, and succeeded inreturning home with his carriage stuffed with curiosities andmonstrosities.
negus and cherry-water were added to tea in the refreshment-room; and the_conversazione_ of doctor plausible was pronounced by those who had beeninvited to both, infinitely superior to that of doctor feasible.
agood-natured friend called upon doctor and mrs feasible with the news.
theypretended indifference, as they bit their lips to conceal their vexation.
as soon as he took his leave--"well, my dear," said mrs feasible, "what do you think of this?
veryunhandsome on the part of doctor plausible!
i was told this morning thatseveral of our acquaintances have expressed a wish to be introduced tohim."
"we must not give up the point, my love.
doctor plausible may make a splashonce; but i suspect that his horses eat him out of house and home, andinterfere very much with the butcher's bills.
if so, we who keep nocarriage can afford it better.
but it's very annoying, as there will be anincrease of expense."
"very annoying, indeed!"
replied the lady.
"look at his card, my dear, itis nearly twice as large as ours.
i begged it of mr tomkins, on purpose tocompare it."
"well, then, my dear, we must order others, and mind that they measure aninch more than his.
it shall cost him something before we have done, i'mdetermined."
"you heard what mr smithson said?
they gave negus and cherry-water."
"we must do the same.
i've a great mind to give ices."
my love, remember the expense."
"very true; but we can ice our negus and cherry-water.
rough ice is onlytwopence a pound, i believe."
"well, that will be an improvement."
"and there shall be more, or i'll be in the bench," replied the doctor, inhis wrath.
the next _conversazione_ for which cards were issued by doctor feasible,was on a superior scale.
there was a considerable increase of company.
hehad persuaded a country baronet; secured the patronage of two ladies ofrank (with a slight blot on their escutcheons), and collected, amongstothers, a french count (or adventurer), a baron with mustachios, two germanstudents in their costumes and long hair, and an actress of somereputation.
he had also procured the head of a new zealand chief; some redsnow, or rather, red water (for it was melted), brought home by captainross; a piece of granite from the croker mountains; a kitten in spirits,with two heads and twelve legs; and half-a-dozen abortions of the featheredor creeping tribes.
everything went off well.
the two last fees he hadreceived were sacrificed to have the party announced in the _morning post_,and doctor feasible's triumph was complete.
but it was not to last long.
in ten days dr plausible's cards were againissued, larger than dr feasible's, and with a handsome embossed border oflilies and roses.
male attendants, tea and coffee, ices and liqueurs wereprepared; and dr feasible's heart failed him, when he witnessed the ingressand egress of the pastrycooks, with their boxes on their heads.
among hiscompany he had already mustered up five celebrated blues; four ladies ofquality, of better reputation than dr feasible's; seven or eight baronetsand knights; a bishop of fernando po; three or four general officers; and adozen french and german visitors to the country, who had not only titles,but wore orders at their button-holes.
thus far had he advanced, when hemet newton forster, and added him to the list of the invited.
in about twohours afterwards, dr plausible returned home to his wife, radiant withsmiles.
"my dear, who _do_ you think has promised to come to-morrow night?"
"who, my love?"
"you don't say so?"
screamed the lady with her delight.
"yes, most faithfully promised."
"what _will_ the feasibles say?"
cried the lady;--"but--is he a realprince?"
"a real prince!
o yes, indeed is he!
well known in tartary."
"well, dr plausible, i have good news for you.
here is a note from mrh----, in answer to yours, in which he promises you the loan of the waxfigure from germany, of a female in the first stage of par--partu--i can'tmake out the word."
cried the doctor, rubbing his hand; "now we_shall_ do."
newton, who had some curiosity to see a _conversazione_, which to him was a_terra incognita_, did not fail to go at the appointed hour.
he was usheredupstairs into the drawing-room, at the door of which he was received by mrsplausible, in blue and silver.
the rooms not being very large, wereextremely crowded, and newton at one moment found himself jammed againstsome curiosity, and at another treading on the toes or heels of people, whoaccepted his apologies, looking daggers, and with a snarling "don't mentionit."
but a thundering knock at the door was followed by the announcement of hishighness prince fizzybelli--prince fizzybelli at the door--princefizzybelli coming up--prince fizzybelli (enters).
had it been permitted, dr plausible would have received his guest with aflourish of trumpets, as great men are upon the stage, without which it isimpossible now-a-days to know a great man from a little one.
however, thehired attendants did their duty, and the name of fizzybelli was fizzedabout the room in every direction.
dr plausible trod on the corns of oldlady g------, upset miss periwinkle, and nearly knocked down a french_savant_, in his struggle to obtain the door to receive his honoured guest,who made a bow, looked at the crowd--looked at the chandelier--looked athis watch, and looked very tired in the course of five minutes, when princefizzybelli ordered his carriage, and was off.
newton, who had examined several very strange things which occupied thetables about the room, at last made his way to the ante-room, where thecrowd was much more dense than elsewhere.
taking it for granted that therewas something interesting to be seen, he persevered until he had forced hisway to the centre, when what was his astonishment when he beheld under along glass-case a figure of a woman modelled in wax, of exact and certainlyof beautiful proportion!
it was as large as life, and in a state of perfectnudity.
the face lifted up, and discovered the muscles beneath; in fact,every part of the image could be removed, and presented to the curiousevery part of the human frame, modelled exact, and coloured.
newton wasindeed astonished: he had witnessed several articles in the other room,which he had considered more fitted for the museum of an institution than adrawing-room; but this was indeed a novelty; and when, to crown all, hewitnessed certain little _demireps_ of science, who fancied that not to beashamed was now as much a proof of knowledge, as in our first parents itwas of innocence, and who eyed the figure without turning away from it orblushing, he quitted the room with disgust, and returned home quitesatisfied with one _conversazione_.
i am not partial to blues: generally speaking, ladies do not take upscience until they find that the men will not take up them; and aremarkably clever woman by reputation is too often a remarkably unpleasantor a remarkably ugly one.
but there are exceptions; exceptions that anation may be proud of--women who can fulfil their duties to their husbandsand their children, to their god and to their neighbour, although endowedwith minds more powerful than is allotted to one man in tens of thousands.
these are heavenly blues; and, among the few, no one shines morepre-eminent than my dear mrs s----e.however, whether newton was satisfied or not, this _conversazione_ was afinisher to dr feasible, who resigned the contest.
dr plausible not onlycarried away the palm--but, what was still worse, he carried off the"practice!"
"their only labour is to kill the time;    and labour dire it is, and weary woe.
they sit--they lounge--turn o'er some idle rhyme:    then rising sudden--to the glass they go,  or saunter forth with loitering step and slow."
_castle of indolence_.
captain oughton, who commanded the _windsor castle_, was an original.
hisfigure was short and thick-set, his face broad, and deeply pitted with thesmall-pox; his nose, an apology for a nose, being a small tubercle arisingmidway between his eyes and mouth, the former of which were small, thelatter wide, and displaying a magnificent row of white teeth.
on the whole,it was impossible to look in his face without being immediately struck withhis likeness to a bull-dog.
his temperament and his pursuits were alsoanalogous; he was a great pugilist, knew the merits of every man in thering, and the precise date and circumstances attending every battle whichhad been fought for the previous thirty years.
his conversation was at alltimes interlarded with the slang terms appropriated to the science to whichhe was so devoted.
in other points he was a brave and trustworthy officer,although he valued the practical above the theoretical branches of hisprofession, and was better pleased when superintending the mousing of astay or the strapping of a block than when "flooring" the sun, as he termedit, to ascertain the latitude, or "breaking his noddle against the oldwoman's," in taking a lunar observation.
newton had been stronglyrecommended to him, and captain oughton extended his hand as to an oldacquaintance, when they met on the quarter-deck.
before they had taken adozen turns up and down, captain oughton inquired if newton could handlethe mauleys; and on being assured in the negative, volunteered hisinstruction during their passage out.
"you heard the end of it, i suppose?"
said captain oughton, in continuance.
"the end of what, sir?"
"what!--why the fight.
i've cleared three hundred by him."
"then, sir, i am very glad that spring beat," replied newton.
"i'll back him against a stone heavier any day in the week.
i've got thenewspaper in the cabin, with the fight--forty-seven rounds; but we can'tread it now--we must see after these soldiers and their traps.
look atthem," continued captain oughton, turning to a party of the troops orderedfor a passage, who were standing on the gangway and booms; "every man jackwith his tin pot in his hand, and his greatcoat on.
twig the drum-boy, hehas turned his coat--do you see?--with the lining outwards to keep itclean.
by jove, that's a _wrinkle_!"
"how many officers do you expect, captain oughton?"
"i hardly know--they make such alterations in their arrangements; five orsix, i believe.
the boat went on shore for them at nine o'clock.
they havesent her back, with their compliments, seven times already, full ofluggage.
there's one lieutenant--i forget his name--whose chests alonewould fill up the main-deck.
there's six under the half-deck," said captainoughton, pointing to them.
"lieutenant winterbottom," observed newton, reading the name.
"i wish to heaven that he had remained the winter, or that his chests wereall to the bottom!
i don't know where the devil we are to stow them.
oh,here they come!
boatswain's mate, 'tend the side there.'"
in a minute, or thereabouts, the military gentlemen made their appearanceone by one on the quarter-deck, scrutinising their gloves as they badeadieu to the side-ropes, to ascertain if they had in any degree beendefiled by the adhesive properties of the pitch and tar.
captain oughton advanced to receive them, "welcome, gentlemen," said he,"welcome on board.
we trip our anchor in half an hour.
i am afraid that ihave not the pleasure of knowing your names, and must request the honour ofbeing introduced."
"major clavering, sir," said the major, a tall, handsome man, gracefullytaking off his hat: "the officers who accompany are (waving his handtowards them in succession), lieutenant winterbottom--"lieutenant winterbottom bowed.
"i've had the pleasure of reading lieutenant winterbottom's name severaltimes this forenoon," observed captain oughton, as he returned the salute.
"you refer to my luggage, i'm afraid, captain oughton."
"why, if i must say it, i certainly think you have enough for a general."
"i can only reply that i wish my rank were equal to my luggage; but it is a_general_ complaint every time i have the misfortune to embark.
i trust,captain oughton, it will be the only one you will have to make of me duringthe passage."
major clavering, who had waited during this dialogue, continued--"captainmajoribanks, whom i ought to apologise to for not having introducedfirst--""not at all, major; you just heard the brevet rank which winterbottom'sbaggage has procured him."
"not the first time a man has obtained rank through his 'baggage,'"observed one of the officers, _sotto voce_.
"mr ansell, mr petres, mr irving."
the necessary bows were exchanged, and mr williams, the first mate, desiredto show the officers to their respective accommodations, when he would beable to ascertain what part of their luggage was required, and be enabledto strike the remainder down into the after-hold.
as the officers followed the first mate down the companion-ladder, captainoughton looked at mr ansell, and observed to newton, "that fellow would_peel_ well."
the _windsor castle_ sailed, and in a few days was clear of the channel.
newton, whose thoughts were of isabel revel, felt not that regret atquitting the country, usually attached to those who leave all dear to thembehind.
he knew that it was by following up his profession alone that heever could have a chance of obtaining her; and this recollection, with thehopes of again beholding the object of his affections, lightened his heartto joy, as the ship scudded across the bay of biscay, before a n.e.
that he had little chance at present of possessing her, he knew; but hopeleads us on, and no one more than the youth who is in love.
the table of captain oughton was liberally supplied, and the officersembarked proved (as they almost invariably do) to be pleasant,gentlemanlike companions.
the boxing-gloves were soon produced by captainoughton, who soon ascertained that in the officer who "would peel so well"he had found his match.
the mornings were passed away in sparring, fencing,reading, walking the deck, or lolling on the hen-coops upon the poop.
theannouncement of the dinner-hour was a signal for rejoicing; and theyremained late at the table, doing ample justice to the captain's excellentclaret.
the evening was finished with cards, cigars, and brandy _pawnee_.
thus passed the time away for the first three weeks of the passage, duringwhich period all parties had become upon intimate terms.
but the voyage is, in itself, most tedious; and more tedious to those whonot only have no duty to perform, but have few resources.
as soon as theyounger officers thought they might take a liberty, they examined thehen-coops, and selecting the most promising-looking cocks, trimmed them forfighting; chose between themselves, as their own property, those which theymost approved of, and for some days fed and sparred them, to get them intowind, and ascertain the proper way in which they should be spurred.
in themeantime, two pairs of spurs were, by their directions, clandestinely madeby the armourer of the ship, and, when ready, they took advantage of thetime when captain oughton was every day employed with the ship's reckoning,and the poulterer was at his dinner (viz., from twelve to one), to fight amain.
the cocks which were killed in these combats were returned to thehen-coops, and supposed by the poulterer, who had very often had a glass ofgrog, to have quarrelled within the bars.
"steward," said captain oughton, "why the devil do you give us so manyfowls for dinner?
the stock will never last out the voyage: two roastfowls, two boiled fowls, curried fowl, and chicken pie!
what can you bethinking of?"
"i spoke to the poulterer on the subject, sir; he constantly brings me downfowls, and he tells me that they kill each other fighting."
never heard of fowls fighting in a coop before.
they must be allgame fowls."
"that they are, most of them," said mr petres; "i have often seen themfighting when i have been on the poop."
"so have i," continued ansell; "i have seen worse cocks in the pit."
"well, it's very odd; i never lost a cock in this way in all my voyages.
send the poulterer here; i must inquire about it."
"yes, sir," replied the steward; and he quitted the cabin.
with the exception of the major, who knew nothing of the circumstances, theofficers thought it advisable to decamp, that they might not be presentwhen the _dénouement_ took place.
the poulterer made his appearance, wasinterrogated, and obliged, in his own defence, to criminate the parties,corroborating his assertions by producing a pair of spurs found upon a cockwhich had been killed, and thrown behind the coop in a hurry, at theappearance of captain oughton on deck.
"i am sorry that my officers should have taken such a liberty," observedthe major, gravely.
"oh, never mind, major, only allow me to be even with them; i shouldn'thave minded if i had seen the fighting.
i think you said that you wouldlike to exercise your men a little this afternoon?"
"i did; that is, if not inconvenient."
"not in the least, major; the quarter-deck is at your service.
i presumeyou do not superintend yourself."
"yes, i generally do."
"well, don't this time; but let all the officers; and then i shall be ableto play them a little trick that will make us all square."
major clavering consented.
the officers were ordered up to drill their men.
captain majoribanks and mr irving had one party at the platoon exercise.
"third man, your hand a little higher on the barrel of your musket.
as youwere; support--the word support is only a caution--arms,--too--too."
"two and two makes four," observed one of the seamen.
lieutenant winterbottom had another party on the leeside of thequarter-deck.
12, slope your musket a littlemore--_too_--_too_--only two taps at the bottom of the barrel.
4, why don't you draw up the heel of your right leglevel with the other?
recollect now, when you shoulder arms, to throw yourmuskets up smartly.--shoulder--as you were--the word shoulder is only acaution; shoulder--arms.
dress up a little, no.
8, and don't stick yourstomach out in that way."
mr ansell and mr petres had two fatigue parties on the poop, withoutmuskets.
"to the right--face--to the right face.
to the right--face--to theright--face."
"it's a dead calm with them soldiers--head round the compass," said one ofthe seamen to another.
"to the left--face--quick march, to the left--turn--to theright--turn--close file--mark time--right--left--right--left--forward."
"them 'ere chap's legs all going together put one in mind of acentipee--don't they, tom?"
"yes, but they don't get on quite so fast.
holloh, what pipe's that?--'allhands, air bedding.'"
the ship was hauled close to the wind, which was light.
at the pipe, thesailors below ran up the hatchway, and those on deck threw down their work.
in a minute every hammock was out of the netting, and every seaman busy atunlashing.
"now, major, we had better go into the cabin," said captain oughton,laughing.
"i shall, i can assure you."
beds and blankets which are not aired or shook more than once a month, areapt to be very full of what is termed _fluff_ and blanket _hairs_, and theyhave a close smell, by no means agreeable.
the sailors, who had an ideathat the order had not been given inconsiderately, were quite delighted,and commenced shaking their blankets on the forecastle and weather gangway,raising a cloud, which the wind carried aft upon the parties exercisingupon the quarter-deck.
"what the devil is all this?"
cried captain majoribanks, looking forwardwith dismay.
lieutenant winterbottom and half of his party were now seized with a fit ofcoughing.
"confound it!--shut--pans--handle--upon my soul i'm choked."
"this is most excessively disagreeable," observed mr petres; "i made up mymind to be _tarred_ when i came on board, but i had no idea that we shouldbe _feathered_."
"support--d--n it, there's no supporting this!"
cried captain majoribanks.
"where's major clavering?
i'll ask to dismiss the men."
"they are dismissing a great many little men, forward, i suspect," said thefirst mate, laughing.
"i cannot imagine what induced captain oughton togive the order: we never shake bedding except when the ship's before thewind."
this last very consoling remark made it worse than all; the officers werein an agony.
there was not one of them who would not have stood the chanceof a volley from a french regiment rather than what they considered thatthey were exposed to.
but without major clavering's permission they couldnot dismiss their men.
captain majoribanks hastened to the cabin, toexplain their very unpleasant situation, and received the major'spermission to defer the exercise.
"well, gentlemen," said captain oughton, "what is the matter?"
"why, my flesh creeps all over me.
of all thethoughtless acts, captain oughton, it really beats--""cock-fighting," interrupted the captain, with a loud laugh.
"now we arequits."
the officers hastened below to wash and change their dress after this veryannoying retaliation on the part of captain oughton.
when they feltthemselves again clean and comfortable, their good humour returned,although they voted their captain not to be very refined in his ideas, andagreed with him that his practical joke beat "cock-fighting."
i believe that there are no classes of people who embark with more regret,or quit a ship with more pleasure, than military men.
nor is it to bewondered at, if we consider the antithesis which is presented to theirusual mode of life.
few military men are studious, or inclined to reading,which is almost the only resource which is to be found against the tediumof long confinement and daily monotony.
i do not say this reproachfully, asi consider it arises from the peculiarity of their profession, and must beconsidered to be more their misfortune than their fault.
they enter upon amilitary life just after they have left school,--the very period at which,from previous and forced application, they have been surfeited with books_usque ad nauseam_.
the parade, dress; the attention paid to them, whichdemands civilities in return; society, and the preference shown by the fairsex; their happy and well-conducted mess; the collecting together of somany young men, with all their varied plans of amusement, into which theothers are easily persuaded to enter, with just sufficient duty on guard,or otherwise, not to make the duty irksome; all delight too much at first,and eventually, from habit, too much occupy their minds, to afford time forstudy.
in making this observation, i must be considered to speak generally.
thereare many studious, many well-stored minds, many men of brilliant talents,who have improved the gift of nature by constant study and reflection, andwhose conduct must be considered as the more meritorious, from havingresisted or overcome the strong temptation to do otherwise which is offeredby their profession.
"i wish," said irving, who was stretched out his full length on one of thecoops abaft, with the front of his cap drawn over his eyes--"i wish thiscursed voyage was at an end.
every day the same thing; no variety--noamusement;--curry for breakfast--brandy _pawnee_ as a finish.
i reallybegin to detest the sight of a cigar or a pack of cards."
"very true," replied ansell, who was stretched upon an adjacent coop in allthe listlessness of idleness personified--"very true, irving; i begin tothink it worse than being quartered in a country town inhabited bynobodies, where one has nothing to do but to loll and spit over the bridgeall day, till the bugle sounds for dinner."
that was infinitely better; at least, you could walk away when youwere tired, or exchange a word or two with a girl as she passed over it, onher way to market."
"why don't you take a book, irving?"
observed the major, laying down theone with which he had been occupied, to join the conservation.
"a book, major?
oh, i've read until i am tired."
"what have you read since you embarked ?"
inquired his senior.
"let me see--ansell, what have i read?"
"read!--nothing at all--you know that."
"well, perhaps so; we have no mess-newspapers here: the fact is, major, iam not very partial to reading--i am not in the habit of it.
when on shorei have too much to do; but i mean to read by-and-bye."
"and pray, when may that by-and-bye be supposed to arrive?"
some day when i am wounded or taken prisoner, and cannot do anythingelse; then i shall read a good deal.
here's captain oughton--captainoughton, do you read much?"
"yes, mr irving, i read a great deal."
"pray, may i take the liberty to ask you what you read?"
"what i read!
why, i read horsburgh's directory:--and i read--i read allthe fights."
"i think," observed ansell, "that if a man gets through the newspaper andthe novels of the day, he does a great deal."
"he reads a great deal, i grant you," replied the major; "but of what valueis that description of reading?"
"there, major," replied ansell, "we are at issue.
i consider a knowledge ofthe passing events of the day, and a recollection of the facts which haveoccurred during the last twenty years, to be more valuable than all theancient records in existence.
who talks of cæsar or xenophon nowadays,except some cambridge or oxford prig?
and of what value is that knowledgein society?
the escape of a modern pickpocket will afford more matter ofconversation than the famous retreat of the ten thousand."
"to be sure," replied captain oughton; "and a fair stand-up fight betweenhumphreys and mendoza create more interest than the famous battles of--,i'm sure i forget."
"of marathon and thermopylæ; they will do," added ansell.
"i grant," replied the major, "that it is not only unnecessary, butconceited in those who would show their reading; but this does not disprovethe advantages which are obtained.
the mind, well fed, becomes enlarged:and if i may use a simile, in the same way as your horse proves his goodcondition by his appearance, without people ascertaining the precisequantity of oats which has been given him; so the mind shows, by itsgeneral vigour and power of demonstration, that it has been well suppliedwith 'hard food.'"
"very _hard food_ indeed," replied captain oughton; "nuts that i nevercould crack when i was at school, and don't mean to break my teeth withnow.
i agree with mr ansell, 'that sufficient for the day is the knowledgethereof.'"
"well, as the tree of knowledge was the tree of evil, perhaps that is thecorrect reading," replied ansell, laughing; "captain oughton, you are avery sensible man; i hope we shall see you often at our mess, when we'reagain on shore."
"you may say so now," replied captain oughton, bluntly, "and so have manymore said the same thing to me; but you soldiers have cursed short memoriesin that way after you have landed."
"i trust, captain oughton," replied major clavering, "that you will nothave to make that accusation general."
never mind, major; i never am affronted; the offer is made inkindness, and at the time sincere; but when people get on shore, and are sooccupied with their own amusements, it is not to be wondered at if they arethoughtless and forget.
at one time, it did annoy me, i confess; for when isay i should be happy to see a man, i mean it; and if i did not mean it, inever would ask him.
i thought that other people did the same; but i havelived long enough to discover that a 'general invitation' means, 'don'tcome at all.'"
"then i most certainly shall not say one word on the subject at present,"replied the major.
"how many bells was that?"
"six; dinner will be on the table in a few minutes."
"then, gentlemen, we had better go down and prepare.
why, mr irving, youhave not shaved this morning!"
"no, major, i mean to do it after dinner."
"i should rather think that you intended to say _before_," replied majorclavering.
this gentlemanlike hint was taken by the young ensign, who was aware thatmajor clavering, although invariably polite, even in reproof, was not acommanding officer to be trifled with; and mr irving made his appearance atthe dinner-table with his "chin new reaped," and smooth as if appertainingto one of the fairer sex.
"come o'er the sea,        maiden, with me,  mine through sunshine, storm and snows;        seasons may roll,        but the true soul  burns the same where'er it goes.
let fate frown on, so we love and part not,  'tis life where thou art, 'tis death where thou'rt not."
the voyage was at last accomplished without adventure or interest, the_windsor castle_ not having fallen in with more than two or three vesselsduring her passage.
happy were the military officers to hear the ordergiven for the anchor to be let go upon their arrival in madras roads; morehappy were they to find themselves again on shore; and most happy werecaptain oughton and his officers to witness the debarkation of the troops,who had so long crowded their decks and impeded their motions.
parting wasindeed "sweet sorrow," as it always will be when there is short allowanceof room, and still shorter allowance of water.
newton forster was in a state of anxiety during the quarter of an hour inwhich he was obliged to attend to his duty, furling the sails and squaringthe yards; and the time appeared most insupportably long, until he couldventure aft to make some inquiries from the dubashes, who were crowdingalongside, as to the fate of isabel revel.
time and absence had but maturedhis passion, and it was seldom that isabel was away from his thoughts.
hehad a faint idea formed by hope that she was partial to him; but this wasalmost smothered by the fears which opposed it, when he reflected upon whatmight be produced by absence, importunity, and her independent spirit,which might, if not well treated by her relation, reconcile her to amarriage, which, although not in every way eligible, secured to her aprospect of contentment and of peace.
at last the yards were squared to the satisfaction of the boatswain, theropes were hauled taut, and coiled down, and the men sent below to theirdinners.
newton walked aft, and the first person he met was the dubash whohad attended the _bombay castle_.
the cheeks of newton flushed, and hisheart throbbed quick, and his lips quivered, as he asked intelligence ofthe colonel and his family.
"colonel saib quite well, sir.
two ladies marry officer."
demanded newton, eagerly.
"not know how call bibi saib's names.
but one not marry--she veryhandsome--more handsome than all."
the heart of newton bounded at this intelligence, as he knew that it mustbe isabel who was still a spinster.
this was shortly after corroborated byan english gentleman who came on board.
their stay at madras was intendedto be short, and newton resolved to ask immediate leave on shore.
apologising to captain oughton for making such an unusual request, which hewas induced to do from intelligence he had just received relative to hisfriends, he expressed his anxious wish.
captain oughton, who had reason tobe highly satisfied with newton, gave his consent in the kindest manner;"and, forster, if you wish to remain, you have my permission.
we willmanage without you: only recollect, we sail on thursday night."
newton wassoon ready, and quitted the ship with major clavering; to whose credit itought here to be observed, that a _daily_ note was despatched to captainoughton, requesting the pleasure of his company at the mess, until he wassatisfied that, in this instance, the general invitation was sincere.
as soon as he was clear of the surf and out of the masulah boat, newtonhired a conveyance, and drove out to the bungalow of the old colonel.
hetrembled as he announced his name to the butler, who ushered him halfway tothe receiving-room; and, like most of the natives, finding some difficultyin pronouncing english, contented himself with calling out "burrah saib,"and then walked off.
newton found himself in the presence of the oldveteran and isabel.
the latter had been reading a new publication, whichshe laid down at the voice of the butler announcing a visitor.
but "burrahsaib" may be anybody; it implies a gentleman.
what then was the surprise ofisabel, who had no intimation of his arrival, when newton forster made hisappearance?
her exclamation of delight, as she ran to him and extended herhand, made newton forster but too happy; and, as for a few seconds he heldthe hand not withdrawn, and looked in her beaming eyes, he quite forgot thepresence of the colonel.
a glance from the eye of isabel in the directionwhere the old gentleman was seated brought newton to his recollection.
hewalked up to the colonel, who shook hands, and declared that he was mostglad to see him.
"you take up your quarters here, of course, mr forster?"
"i shall have great pleasure in availing myself of your kind offer for aday or two," replied newton.
"i trust that you have been in good healthsince we parted."
"not very; that is, latterly.
i am thinking of a change of climate.
iintend to go home in october.
i suppose you have been informed that the twoyoung women have married?"
"i was told so by some one who came on board."
isabel, my dear, order a chamber for mr forster."
isabel left theroom.
"yes, both married--thought of nothing else--regularly came out onspec.
in less than a month they knew the exact rank of every gentleman inthe presidency; ascertained their prospects, and the value of theirappointments; turned the rupees into pounds sterling; broke off aconversation with an ensign at the sight of a lieutenant; cut thelieutenant for a captain; were all smiles for a major; and actually madelove themselves to any body who was above that rank, and a bachelor.
theymade their decision at last; indeed pretty quick.
they were only fourmonths on my hands.
both up the country now."
"i trust they have married well, sir?"
"that depends upon circumstances.
they have married young men not used tothe climate.
may be widows in half a year.
if their husbands weather it, ofcourse, they will come in for their share of the good things; but i'llwarrant they will never be able to leave the country."
"not leave the country, sir!
may i ask why?"
"because they have married foolish, extravagant wives, who will run them indebt; and when once in debt, it is no easy matter in this country to getout of it.
they must insure their lives for the money which they borrow;and as the house of agency will be gainers by their demise, of course theywill not be permitted to leave the country and their chance of the _choleramorbus_.
don't you think that my niece looks remarkably well?"
"i do; the climate does not appear to have affected her."
"rather improved her," replied the colonel; "she is not so thin as when shecame on shore.
god bless her!
i'm sure, mr forster, i am under greatobligations to you for having persuaded me to go for the dear girl when shearrived.
she has been a treasure to me!
if she has had one, she has hadtwenty offers since you left; many unexceptionable; but she has refusedthem all.
in some instances i have persuaded her--i thought it was my duty.
but no; she has but one answer, and that is a decided one.
she will notleave me.
she has watched and attended me in my sickness as my owndaughter.
i say again, god bless her!"
it was with delight that newton heard these encomiums upon isabel, and herresolution not to marry.
whether it was wholly on account of not wishing toleave the colonel or not, still every delay gave him more chance ofultimate success.
isabel, who had stayed away that the colonel might havetime to make any communications to newton, now returned, and theconversation became general.
newton entered into a narrative of what hadoccurred during his passage home, and amused them with his anecdotes andconversation.
in about an hour the colonel rose from his chair that he might prepare fordinner; and then it was that newton perceived the great change which hadtaken place.
he was no longer upright, but bowed down; his step was nolonger firm, it was almost tottering; and, as he left the room, newton'seyes met those of isabel.
"you think him ill?"
said isabel, inquiringly.
"yes, i do, miss revel.
he is very much changed; his stamina appears tohave been exhausted by the climate.
i trust he will go home as heproposes."
"he has been ill--very ill indeed.
he talks constantly of home; he has doneso for months; but when the time comes he puts it off.
i wish you wouldpersuade him."
"i will do all i can; but if you cannot prevail, i'm afraid that mypersuasion will be of little use."
"indeed, i think otherwise; you have power over him, mr forster.
i have notforgotten how kindly you exercised it in my behalf.
we--that is," continuedisabel, colouring up, "the colonel has often talked of you since youquitted us."
"i feel highly flattered by his remembrance," replied newton; "but you arein mourning, miss revel.
if not a liberty from one who feels an interest inall concerning you, may i inquire for whom?"
"it is for my father," replied isabel, with emotion, sitting down, andpassing her hand across her eyes.
"i never heard of his death, and must apologise for having been soindiscreet as to renew your sorrow.
how long is it since?
and what was hiscomplaint?"
"he had no complaint--would to god that he had had!
he was shot in a duel,"replied isabel, as the tears coursed down her cheeks.
mr forster, itrust i am resigned to the dispensations of providence, but--that he shouldbe summoned away at the moment when he was seeking the life of hisfellow-creature, with all the worst passions in excitement--unprepared--forhe was killed on the spot.
these reflections will make his death a sourceof bitter regret, which can terminate but with existence."
"your mother is still alive?"
inquired newton, to change the painfulsubject.
"yes, but very ill; the last accounts were very distressing; they say thather complaint is incurable."
newton regretted having brought up so painful a subject.
a few words ofcondolence and sympathy were offered, and they separated to prepare fordinner.
newton remained four days under the roof of the colonel, during which timehe was constantly in the society of isabel; and when the period of hisdeparture arrived, he had just grounds to imagine that, were all obstaclesin other points removed, isabel revel would not, on her part, have raisedany against the accomplishment of his wishes; but their mutual dependentsituations chased away all ideas of the kind for the present, and althoughthey parted with unconcealed emotion, not a word which could be construedinto a declaration of attachment was permitted to escape his lips.
the _windsor castle_ sailed for calcutta, and in a few days anchored atkedgeree to wait for a pilot to come down the river.
during their shortstay at this anchorage, mr williams, the first mate, who was an old indianvoyager, went on shore every evening to follow up his darling amusement ofshooting jackals, a description of game by no means scarce in that quarterof the world.
often remonstrated with for his imprudence in exposinghimself to the heavy night-dew, he would listen to no advice.
"it was verytrue," he acknowledged, "that his brother had died of a jungle fever inpursuing the same amusement, and what was more, the fowling-piece in hishand belonged to his brother, who had bequeathed it to him; but as he hadnever heard of two brothers dying from a jungle fever taken by shootingjackals, he considered that the odds were strongly in his favour."
thisargument, however specious, did not prove good.
the third morning hereturned on board, complaining of a headache and shivering.
he was bled andput into his bed, which he never left again.
before the _windsor castle_ was ready to sail, the remains of mr williamswere consigned to the burying-ground at diamond harbour, and newton forsterwas promoted to the rank of first mate of the _windsor castle_.
this, aswill hereafter be proved, was a most fortunate occurrence to newtonforster.
the _windsor castle_ sailed with leave to call at madras forletters or passengers, and in a few days was again at anchor in theroadstead.
the first intelligence which they received upon their arrivalwas, that the _cholera morbus_ had been very fatal, and that among others,the old colonel had fallen a victim to the disease.
newton again obtainedpermission to go on shore to isabel.
he found her in distress at the houseof a mrs enderby, a lady who had lost her husband by the same ravagingepidemic, and who had long been the intimate friend of the colonel and ofisabel.
mrs enderby was about to return to england by the first vessel, andhad advised isabel to take so favourable an opportunity of a _chaperon_.
isabel, who had many reasons for wishing to leave the country, particularlythe declining state of her mother's health, had consented; and it was withgreat pleasure that she received from newton the information of the bestcabins of the _windsor castle_ not having been hitherto engaged.
the colonel's will had been opened.
he had bequeathed his property, thewhole of which, with the exception of his establishment in india, wasinvested in the english funds, to his grand-niece isabel revel.
it amountedto nearly seventy thousand pounds.
it would be difficult to say whethernewton forster felt glad or sorry at this intelligence.
for isabel's sake,he undoubtedly was glad; but he could not but feel that it increased thedistance between them, and on that account, and on that alone, hisreflections were painful.
"had it," thought he, "been five thousand, oreven ten thousand pounds, it would have been different.
in the course of afew years i might have been able to produce an equivalent to it, and--butthis fortune has raised her above my hopes; even if she had a prepossessionin my favour, it would be dishonest to take advantage of it."
isabel revel had very different feelings on the subject--she was her ownmistress, and her manner to newton was more cordial, more confidential thanbefore.
she had not forgotten that newton had shown the same regard andpartiality for her when she was going out to india, and afterwards, when indistress; he had been her friend and admirer when in adversity.
she knewhis feelings towards her, and she had appreciated his delicacy andforbearance.
lately she had seriously analysed her own, and her analysiswas wound up by a mental acknowledgment that her wealth would be valueless,if she could not share it with newton forster.
at the request of mrs enderby, the poop cabins were engaged for isabel andherself.
their time for preparation was short; but one day more having beenobtained from captain oughton, through the influence of newton, mrs enderbyand isabel embarked, and the _windsor castle_ spread her canvas, sailingaway from pestilence and death.
"britannia needs no bulwark,    no towers along the steep,  her march is o'er the mountain waves,    her home is on the deep."
the _windsor castle_ ploughed through the vast ocean of waters before apropitious gale, laden with treasure, in the safe arrival of which so manywere interested.
but what were all the valuables stowed away in her frame,in the opinion of newton forster, in comparison with the lovely being whohad entrusted them with her safe conduct to her native country!
the extremeprecautions adopted or suggested by newton for security during thenight--his nervous anxiety during the day--became a source of laughter andridicule to captain oughton; who once observed to him,--"newton, my boy, isee how the land lies, but depend upon it the old ship won't tumbleoverboard a bit sooner than before; so one reef in the top-sails will bequiet sufficient."
indeed, although they "never mentioned it," it was impossible for either ofthem to disguise their feelings.
their very attempts at concealment onlyrendered them more palpable to everyone on board.
captain oughton, who wasvery partial to newton, rejoiced in his good fortune.
he had no objectionto young people falling or being in love on board of his ship, although hewould not have sanctioned or permitted a marriage to take place during theperiod that a young lady was under his protection.
once landed on dealbeach, as he observed, they might "buckle to" as soon as they pleased.
the _windsor castle_ was within two hundred miles of the mauritius, when astrange vessel was discovered on the weather beam, bearing down to themwith all the canvas she could spread.
her appearance was warlike; but whather force might be, it was impossible to ascertain at the distance she wasoff, and the position which she then offered, being nearly "end on."
"can you make out her hull, mr forster?"
cried captain oughton, hailingnewton, who was at the mast-head with a glass.
"no, sir; her fore-yard is but now clear of the water, but she rises veryfast."
"what do you think of her spars, forster?"
said captain oughton to newton,who had just descended to the last rattling of the main-rigging.
"she is very taut, sir, and her canvas appears to be foreign."
"i'll bet you what you please it's that d----d fellow surcoeuf.
this isjust his cruising ground, if the report of that neutral vessel wascorrect."
"another hour will decide the point, sir," replied newton; "but i must sayi think your surmise likely to prove correct.
we may as well be ready forhim: a cruiser she certainly is."
"the sooner the better, mr forster.
he's but a 'rum customer,' and 'a hardhitter' by all accounts.
clear up the decks, and beat to quarters."
the strange vessel came down with such rapidity that, by the time thecaptain's orders were obeyed, she was not more than two miles distant.
"there's 'instudding-sails;'--and in devilish good style too!"
"now we shall see what he's made of."
the vessel rounded to the wind as soon as she had reduced her sails, on thesame tack as the _windsor castle_, displaying her broadside, as the frenchwould say, _herissée de canons_.
"a corvette, sir," said newton, reconnoitring through his glass;"two-and-twenty guns besides her bridle ports.
she is french rigged;--therake of her stern is french;--in fact, she is french all over."
"all lombard street to a china orange, 'tis surcoeuf," replied captainoughton, who, with the rest of his officers, had his glass upon the vessel.
"there goes the tricoloured flag to prove i've won my bet.
toss my hat up.--pshaw!
i mean hoist the colours there abaft.
mrthomas," continued captain oughton, addressing the boatswain, "send theship's company aft.--forster, you had better see the ladies down below."
at the summons of the boatswain, the men came aft, and stood in a body onthe lee side of the quarter-deck, with their hats off, and impatience intheir looks.
"now, my lads," said captain oughton, "if i am not mistaken, that vessel iscommanded by the very best seaman that ever left a french port, and to dohim justice, he's a damnation fine fellow!--a severe punisher, and can takea mauling as well as give one."
"yes, sir, so can we," replied several of the men together.
"i know you can, my lads; and give and take is fair play.
all i say is, letit be a fair stand up fight, and 'may the best man win.'
so now, my lads,if you're ready to come to the scratch, why, the sooner we peel thebetter--that's all."
cried the seamen, as they separated to their quarters; and, incompliance with the injunctions of the captain, threw off their jackets,and many of them their shirts, to prepare for the conflict.
the corvette, after she had rounded to, and exchanged colours, reduced hersails to precisely the same canvas as that carried by the _windsor castle_.
this was to try her rate of sailing.
in a quarter of an hour, hersuperiority was manifest.
she then hauled up her courses, and dropped toher former position on the _windsor castle's_ weather-beam.
"the fellow has the heels of us, at all events," observed captain oughton;"but, forster, the ladies are not yet below.
mrs enderby, i am sorry to beobliged to put you in confinement for a short time.
miss revel, you must dome the favour to accept of mr forster's convoy below the water-line."
newton offered his arm to isabel, and followed captain oughton, whoescorted mrs enderby.
his heart was swelling with such variety of feelingthat he could not at first trust himself to speak.
when they had descendedthe ladder, and were picking their way, stepping over the rammers, sponges,and tackles, stretched across the main-deck, newton observed--"this is notthe first time i have been commissioned to place you in security.
i trust ishall again have the pleasure of relieving you from your bondage."
isabel's lips quivered as she replied, "i trust in god that you may, mrforster!--but--i feel more anxious now than i did on the former occasion.
i--""i have a foreboding," interrupted newton, "that this day's work is to makeor mar me!
why, i cannot tell, but i feel more confident than the chanceswould warrant; but farewell, isabel--god bless you!"
--and newton, pressingher hand, sprang up the ladder to his station on the quarter-deck.
i have before observed that a man's courage much depends upon his worldlymeans or prospects.
a man who has much to lose, whatever the property mayconsist of, will be less inclined to fight than another whose whole capitalconsists of a "light heart and a thin pair of breeches."
upon the samereasoning, a man in love will not be inclined to fight as another.
deaththen cuts off the sweetest prospects in existence.
lord st vincent used tosay that a married man was d----d for the service.
now (bating thehoneymoon), i do not agree with his lordship.
a man in love may be inclinedto play the mark antony; but a married man, "come what will, he has beenblessed."
once fairly into action, it then is of little consequence whethera man is a bachelor, or married, or in love; the all-absorbing occupationof killing your fellow-creatures makes you for the time forget whether youare a beggar or a prince.
when newton returned on deck, he found that the corvette had graduallyedged down until nearly within point-blank range.
"shall we lay the main-topsail to the mast, sir?"
"weshall see his manoeuvres."
"why, he hardly would be fool enough to bear down to us," replied captainoughton; "he is a determined fellow, i know; but i believe not a rash one.
however, we can but try.
square the main-yard."
as soon as the _windsor castle_ was hove-to, the courses of the enemy wereseen to flutter a few moments in the breeze, and then the canvas wasexpanded.
when the vessel had gathered sufficient way, she hove in stays,and crossed the _windsor castle_ on the opposite tack.
"i thought so," observed captain oughton.
"the fellow knows what he isabout.
he'll not 'put his head in chancery,' that's clear.
how cautious therascal is!
it's very like the first round of a fight--much manoeuvring andwary sparring before they begin to make play."
the corvette stood on the opposite tack until well abaft the beam.
she thenwore round, and ranged up on the weather quarter of the indiaman.
whenwithin two cables' length of the _windsor castle_, who had, a littlebefore, filled her main-topsail to be in command, the frenchman hauled uphis foresail, and discovered his lower rigging manned by the ship'scompany, who gave a loud but hasty cheer, and then disappeared.
one cock crowing is a challenge, sure to be answered, if the antagonist isgame.
the english seamen sprang up to return the compliment, when captainoughton roared out, "to your guns, you fools!
hard down with the helm--flythe jib-sheet--check headbraces--look out now, my lads."
the corvette had already put her helm up and paid off to pass under thestern of the _windsor castle_, with the intention of raking her.
thepromptitude of captain oughton foiled the manoeuvre of the frenchman; whichwould have been more fatal had the english seamen been in the rigging tohave been swept off by his grape-shot.
as the _windsor castle_ was thrownup on the wind, an exchange of broadsides took place, which, according tothe usual custom of all well regulated broadsides in close conflict, cutaway a certain proportion of the spars and rigging, and cut up a proportionof the ships' companies.
the _windsor castle_, worked by newton, bracinground on the other tack, and the corvette rounding to on the same, the twovessels separated for a few minutes.
"devilish well stopped, newton, wasn't it?"
said captain oughton, showinghis white teeth.
"look out again--here she comes."
the corvette again attempted to rake as she ranged up after tacking, bythrowing herself up in the wind; but captain oughton, watching theslightest variation of his adversary's career, gradually edging away, andthen putting his helm up, manoeuvred that the broadsides should again beexchanged.
this second exchange was more effectual than the first.
"a stomacher, and both down!"
cried captain oughton, as he surveyed thedeck.
"be quick, newton, hand the men below.
don't bring her to the windyet, he has lost his way by luffing up, and cannot make play again for afew minutes."
after the second broadside the vessels were much further apart, from the_windsor castle_ running off the wind, while the corvette was too muchcrippled to work with her usual rapidity.
this was convenient to bothparties, as the last broadside had been very mischievous.
the frenchman,low in the water, had suffered less in her hull and ship's company, butmore in her spars and rigging.
the foremast was nearly cut in half by thecarronade shot of her antagonist; her main-yard was badly wounded, and herwheel knocked to atoms, which obliged them to steer on the lower deck.
the_windsor castle_ had received five shots in her hull, three men killed, andsix wounded; three of her main shrouds cut in two, and her mizen-mast badlywounded.
it was a quarter of an hour before the frenchman returned to the attack.
captain oughton had again hauled his wind, as if not wishing to decline thecombat; which, indeed, the superior sailing of his antagonist prevented.
the corvette appeared to have given up manoeuvring; whether from thecrippled state of her spars and sails, or from perceiving that he hadhitherto gained nothing by his attempts.
he now ranged up to within twocables' lengths of the _windsor castle_, and recommenced the action,broadside to broadside.
the breeze was lulled by the concussion of the air; and both vesselscontinued in the same position, and at the same distance for upwards of anhour, pouring in their broadsides, every shot of which was effectual.
"now, this is what i call a reg'lar set-to.
fire away, my lads," criedcaptain oughton, rubbing his hands.
"a proper rally this.
d--n it, but he'sgame!"
the wounded mizen-mast of the _windsor castle_ received another shot in theheart of it, which threw it over the side.
every part of her hull provedthe severe and well-directed fire of the enemy; her sails were as ragged asjeremy didler's pocket-handkerchief; her remaining masts pitted with shot;the bulwarks torn away in several places; the boats on the booms inshivers; rigging cut away fore and aft, and the ends swinging to and frowith the motion of the vessel; her decks in confusion; and some of herguns, from necessity, deserted.
captain oughton, newton, and the rest ofthe officers continued to encourage the men, giving them assistance inworking the guns; and the ship's company appeared to have fully imbibed thebull-dog spirit of their commander.
the fire of the _windsor castle_ had been equally destructive.
the vesselshad gradually neared each other in the calm; and the height of the _windsorcastle_ out of the water, in comparison with the corvette, had given herthe advantage in sweeping the decks of the enemy.
the contending vesselswere in this situation, when, for a minute or two, a cessation of firingtook place, in consequence of the accumulation of smoke, which had socompletely enshrouded them both that they knew not where to direct theirguns; and they waited until it should clear away, that the firing mightrecommence.
a light air gradually swept the veil to leeward, and discoveredboth vessels to each other, at the distance of half a cable's length.
captain oughton was with newton on the poop, and the commander of thefrench corvette was standing on the hammock nettings of his own vessel.
thelatter took off his hat, and courteously saluted his adversary.
captainoughton answered the salutation; and then waving his hat, pointed to theenglish colours, which had been hoisted at the main; as much as to say,"they never shall come down!"
the frenchman (it was surcoeuf) did the sameto the tricolour, and the action recommenced.
"well done, my lads!"
cried captain oughton; "well done!
that broadside wasa staggerer--right into his ribs.
hurrah now, my hearts of oak!
thisfellow's worth fighting.
aim at his foremast--another broadside will floorit.
it's on the reel.
newton, jump forward, and--"but the order was stopped by a grape-shot, which struck captain oughton onthe breast.
he staggered and fell off from the poop to the quarter-deck.
newton leapt down, and went to him.
the torrents of blood from his breastat once told the tale: and newton called to some of the men, that hiscommander might be taken below.
"wait a moment, my dear lad," said captain oughton faintly, and catchinghis breath at every word; "it's a finisher--can't come to time--i diegame."
his head fell on his breast, and the blood poured out of his mouth.
newton directed the body to be taken into the cuddy, that the men might notbe dispirited by the sight.
he then hastened to the poop, that he mightreconnoitre the enemy.
he perceived that the corvette had hauled on boardhis tattered courses, and was standing ahead of them.
"he's off, sir," cried one of the quarter-masters.
"i suspect not," replied newton, who had his glass to his eye, looking uponthe decks of the french vessel.
"they are preparing to board, and will beround again in five minutes.
cutlasses and pikes ready--forward, my lads,all of us!
we must beat them off!"
"and will, too," cried the seamen, as in obedience to their orders, theycollected on the forecastle.
but they mustered thin; nearly half of theship's company were either lying dead or under the hands of the surgeon;and, as newton surveyed his little force, fatigued as they were with theirexertions, black with powder, stained with blood, and reeking withperspiration, he could not but acknowledge how heavy were the odds againstthe attack of a vessel so well manned as the corvette appeared to be.
newton said but a few words; but they were to the point; and he had thesatisfaction to perceive, as they grasped their cutlasses, that if theirnumbers were few and their frames exhausted, their spirit was as unsubduedas ever.
the corvette had in the meantime run ahead on a wind, about a mile, whenshe wore round, and was now standing right on to the _windsor castle_, andhad neared to within three cables' lengths.
a few minutes were to decidethe point.
her courses were again hauled up, and discovered her leefore-rigging, bowsprit, cat-heads, and forecastle, crowded with men readyfor the dash on board, as soon as the vessels should come in contact.
newton stood on one of the forecastle guns, surrounded by his men; not aword was spoken on board of the _windsor castle_, as they watched theiradvancing enemy.
they were within a cable's length of each other, andnewton could plainly distinguish the features of the gallant surcoeuf, whowas in advance on the knight-heads, when a puff of wind, which at any othertime would not have occasioned the starting of a royal sheet, took thesails of the corvette; and her wounded foremast, laden with men in thelee-rigging, unable to bear the pressure, fell over the side, carrying withit the maintop-mast and most of the crew who had been standing in therigging, and leaving the corvette an encumbered wreck.
a loud shout fromthe forecastle of the _windsor castle_ announced that the english seamenwere but too well aware of their desperate situation, and that they hailedthe misfortune of the frenchmen as their deliverance.
"now, my lads, be smart," cried newton, as he sprang aft to the wheel, andput up the helm; "man the flying jib-halyards (the jib was under theforefoot); let go the maintop bowling; square the main-yard.
that will do;she's paying off.
man your guns; half-a-dozen broadsides, and it's all ourown."
the sun had disappeared below the horizon, and the shades of evening hadset in, before this manoeuvre had been accomplished.
several broadsideswere poured into the corvette, which had the desired effect of cripplingher still more, and her encumbered condition prevented any return.
at lastthe night hid both vessels from each other; and the breeze freshening fast,it was necessary that the remaining masts of the _windsor castle_ should beproperly secured.
the guns were therefore abandoned; and during the timethe seamen were employed in knotting the rigging and bending the sparesails, newton consulted with his brother officers, who were unanimous inagreeing that all had been done that could be expected, and that to waittill the ensuing day, when the corvette would have repaired her damages,would be attended with a risk of capture, which the valuable propertyentrusted to their charge would never authorise.
it was not until pastmidnight that the _windsor castle_ was in a condition to make sail; butlong before this, newton had contrived to leave the deck for a few minutesto communicate with isabel.
with most of the particulars, and with thedeath of captain oughton, she had already been made acquainted; and ifthere could be any reward to newton for his gallantry and his prudence,more coveted than another, it was the affectionate greeting with which hewas welcomed and congratulated by isabel, her eyes beaming with tears ofdelight as they glanced from his face, and were shrouded on the deck.
love and murder make a pretty mixture, although as antithetical as thesweet and acid in punch,--a composition which meets the approbation of allsensible, discriminating people.
but i shall leave the reader to imagineall he pleases, and finish the chapter by informing him that, when the sunagain made his appearance, the corvette was not to be discovered from themast-head.
the guns were therefore properly secured; the decks washed; ajury mizen-mast stuck up abaft; captain oughton, and the gallant fellowswho had fallen in the combat, committed to the deep with the usualceremonies; the wounded made as comfortable as possible in their hammocks;the carpenters busied with the necessary repairs; and the _windsor castle_,commanded by newton forster, running before a spanking breeze, at the rateof eight knots per hour.
"ships are but boards, sailors but men;  there be land rats, and water rats, water thieves,  and land thieves; i mean pirates."
most prophetical was the remark made by newton forster to isabel, previousto the action: to wit, that it would make or mar him.
the death of captainoughton, and the spirited defence of the _windsor castle_, were the_making_ of newton forster.
as a subordinate officer, he might have beenobliged to toil many years before he could have ascended to the summit ofthe ladder of promotion; and during the time which he remained in thatsituation, what chance had he of making an independence, and proposing forthe hand of isabel revel?
but now that, by a chain of circumstancespeculiarly fortuitous, he was in command of an east indiaman, returninghome after having beat off a vessel of equal if not superior force, andpreserved a cargo of immense value, he felt confident that he not onlywould be confirmed to the rank which he was now called upon to assume, butthat he had every prospect of being employed.
as a captain of an indiaman,he was aware that reception into society, wealth, and consideration awaitedhim; and what made his heart to swell with gratitude and exultation, wasthe feeling that soon he would be enabled to aspire to the hand of one towhom he had so long been ardently attached.
as the _windsor castle_ plunged through the roaring and complaining seas,with all the impetus of weight in motion, newton's eyes were radiant withhope, although his demeanour towards isabel was, from the peculiarcircumstances attending their situation, more delicately reserved thanbefore.
when the _windsor castle_ touched at st helena, newton had the good fortuneto obtain a supply of able seamen, more than sufficient for the re-manningof his ship.
they had been sent there in an empty brig by a frenchprivateer, who had captured many vessels, and had been embarrassed with thenumber of her prisoners.
having obtained the stores which were required,newton lost no time in prosecuting his voyage to england.
it was about a fortnight after they had quitted st helena that a strangesail was reported on the starboard bow; and as they neared her, it wasevident that her foremast was gone, and that she was otherwise in adisabled state.
when the indiaman was within a mile, the stranger threw outneutral colours, and hoisted a whiff, half-mast down, as a signal that shewas in distress.
newton ordered the ship to be kept away, and whenalongside of the vessel, lowered down a boat, and sent the third mate toascertain what assistance could be afforded.
with sailors, thank god!
distress is sufficient to obtain assistance, and the nation or country areat once merged in that feeling of sympathy for those misfortunes which mayperhaps but the next hour befall ourselves.
the boat returned; and theofficer informed newton that the vessel was from the island of bourbon,bound to hamburg; that she had been dismasted and severely injured in agale off the cape of good hope; and that when her mast went over the side,one-half of her crew, who were up at the time on the fore-yard, had beencast overboard and drowned; that from the want of men and material, theyhad been unable to rig an effective jury-mast, and had in consequence beenso long on their passage that their provisions and water were nearlyexpended.
the officer concluded by stating that there were a french ladyand two gentlemen, with their attendants, who had taken their passage homein the vessel.
newton immediately went down the side, and pulled on boardof the vessel to ascertain what assistance could be afforded.
when hearrived on board, he was met by the flemish captain, who commenced astatement of his misfortunes and his difficulties, when the french lady,who, unobserved by newton, had come up the companion-ladder, screamed outas she ran into his arms--"ah!
mon dieu!--c'est monsieur nu-tong!"
newton looked at the lady, who had burst into tears, as her face lay uponhis shoulder, and immediately recognised his former kind and affectionatefriend, madame de fontanges: close to him, with his hand extended, was hergenerous husband.
the meeting was joyful, and newton was delighted thatcircumstances had enabled him to render assistance to those who had been sokind to him in his former distress.
monsieur nu-tong, nous avons tant soufferts!
mon dieu!--point del'eau--rien à manger," cried madame de fontanges: then smiling through hertears, "mais ce rencontre est charmant;--n'est ce pas, mon ami?"
continuedthe lady, appealing to her husband.
"you do not remember monsieur le marquis?"
said m. de fontanges to newton.
newton turned his head, and recognised the governor of guadaloupe, who hadexpressed such sympathy at his shipwreck, and had sent him away in thecartel instead of detaining him as a prisoner.
the vessel was indeed in a deplorable condition; and had she not receivedthe timely assistance now afforded, would in all probability have soon beena scene of horror and of suffering.
they had not more than three days'water remaining on board, and provisions barely sufficing for ten days.
newton hastened to send back the boat with orders for an immediate andample supply of these necessaries, in case of bad weather coming on andpreventing further communication.
satisfied that their immediate wants wererelieved, newton took leave of his friends for the present, and returned onboard his own ship, despatching his carpenters and part of his crew to theimmediate refit of the vessel; and then selecting a part of everything thatthe _windsor castle_ contained in her store-rooms or on her decks, which hethought would administer to the comfort or the luxury of the passengers onboard of the neutral.
in two hours they who were in a state bordering upon famine foundthemselves revelling in plenty.
before night the english seamen had ajury-mast up, and the sails set.
the hollanders on board would have giventheir assistance, but they were told to remain on deck and make up for losttime, which they acquiesced in very readily, eating and drinking as if theywere determined to lay in a stock for the remainder of the voyage.
newton,who had returned on board of the neutral to superintend the repairs andenjoy the society of his old friends, received from them a long account ofwhat had occurred since their separation.
at nightfall he took his leave,promising to continue under easy sail and remain with them for a day ortwo, until they were satisfied that all was right, and that they no longerrequired his assistance.
the narrative obtained by newton may be thus condensed for the informationof the reader.
the marquis de fontanges had been appointed from thegovernment of guadaloupe to that of the island of bourbon, which wasconsidered of more importance.
monsieur and madame de fontanges accompaniedhim to his new command; and they had remained there for two years, when theruling powers, without any ground, except that the marquis had received hisappointment from the former government, thought proper to supersede him.
frigates were not so plentiful as to spare one for the return of anex-governor; and the marquis, being permitted to find his way home how hecould, had taken advantage of the sailing of the hamburger, to return toeurope or to france, or as he might find it advisable.
for two days, during which the weather was so fine that madame de fontangesand the gentlemen went on board of the windsor castle, and were introducedto the ladies, newton continued under easy sail, each day despatching tothe neutral everything which his gratitude could suggest; but as newton wasmost anxious to proceed on his voyage, it was agreed that the next morningthey should part company.
at the close of the evening a strange sail wasobserved on the weather-beam; but, as she carried no foretop-gallant sail,and appeared to be steering the same course as the windsor castle, sheexcited but a momentary observation, supposing that she was somehomeward-bound neutral, or a merchant vessel which had separated from herconvoy.
during the night, which was dark, the moon being in her firstquarter, the officer of the middle watch lost sight of their _protegee;_but this was to be expected, as she did not carry a light.
before morningthe wind fell, and when the sun rose it was a perfect calm.
the officer ofthe watch, as the day dawned, went on the poop, surveying the horizon fortheir companion, and discovered her six or seven miles astern, lyingalongside of the strange vessel which they had seen the day before.
bothvessels, as well as the _windsor castle,_ were becalmed.
he immediatelywent down to newton, acquainting him with the circumstance, which bore avery suspicious appearance.
newton hastened on deck; with his glass hecould plainly distinguish that the stranger was a vessel of a low, rakingdescription, evidently no merchantman, but built for sailing fast, and inall probability a privateer.
the man at the mast-head reported that boatswere constantly passing between the two vessels.
newton, who felt veryanxious for the safety of his friends, accepted the offer of the secondmate to take the gig, and ascertain what was going on.
in little more thanan hour the gig was seen from the mast-head to arrive within half a mile ofthe vessels, and shortly afterwards the smoke from a gun, followed by adistant report.
the gig then winded and pulled back towards the _windsorcastle._ it was in a state of great excitement that newton waited for herreturn, when the second mate informed him that on his approach hediscovered that she was a flush vessel, pierced for fourteen guns, paintedblack, and apparently well manned; that she evidently, to use a nauticalterm, was "gutting" the neutral; and that, as they had witnessed, on theirboat coming within range, the vessel had fired a round of grape, whichfortunately fell short of them.
she had shown no colours; and from herappearance and behaviour (as all privateers respect neutrals), he had nodoubt that she was the pirate vessel stated, when they were at st helena,to be cruising in these latitudes.
newton was of the same opinion; and itwas with a heavy heart that he returned to the cabin, to communicate theunpleasant intelligence to mrs enderby and isabel.
there is nothing more annoying in this world than the will without thepower.
at any time, a vessel becalmed is considered a very sufficing reasonfor swearing by those who are on board of her.
what then must have been thefeelings of newton, lying on the water in a state of compelled inaction,while his friends were being plundered, and perhaps murdered by a gang ofmiscreants before his eyes!
how eagerly and repeatedly did he scan thehorizon for the coming breeze!
how did hope raise her head at the slightestcat's-paw that ruffled the surface of the glassy waters!
three successivegales of wind are bad enough; but three gales blowing hard enough to blowthe devil's horns off are infinitely preferable to one idle, stagnant,motionless, confounded calm, oppressing you with the blue-devils andmaddening you with the fidgets at one and the same time.
at last, as the sun descended, the breeze sprung up, first playing alongthe waters in capricious and tantalising airs, as if uncertain andindifferent in its infancy to which quarter of the compass it should directits course.
the ship again answered her helm; her head was put the rightway, and the sails were trimmed to every shift which it made, to woo itsutmost power.
in a quarter of an hour it settled, blowing from a quarterwhich placed them to windward of, and they carried it down with them towithin two miles of the stranger and the neutral, who still remainedbecalmed.
but, as the wind freshened, it passed a-head of them, sweepingalong the surface, and darkening the colours of the water, until it reachedthe vessels to leeward; one of which,--the one that newton was so anxiousto get alongside of,--immediately took advantage of it, and, spreading allher canvas, soon increased her distance.
when the _windsor castle_ arrivedabreast of the neutral, the stranger was more than two miles to leeward.
alittle delay was then necessary to ascertain what had occurred.
newton, whoperceived m. de fontanges on the deck, shouting to them and wringing hishands, rounded to, lowered down a boat, and pulled on board of the neutral.
the intelligence communicated was distressing.
the strange vessel was apirate, who had plundered them of everything, had taken away madame defontanges, mimi and charlotte, her two female attendants.
the captain ofthe pirates had wounded and severely beaten m. de fontanges, who hadresisted the "_enlevement_" of his wife; and after having cut away all thestanding rigging, and nearly chopped through the masts with axes, they hadfinished their work by boring holes in the counter of the vessel; so that,had not newton been able to come up with her, they must all have perishedduring the night.
there was no time to be lost; the marquis de fontanges, m. de fontanges,and the crew, were hurried on board of the _windsor castle_ (the pirate hadtaken care that they should not be delayed in packing up their baggage),and newton, as soon as he returned on board, and hoisted up his boat,crowded every stitch of canvas in pursuit of the pirate, who was now morethan four miles distant.
but, although the wind gradually increased, andwas thus far in their favour, as they first benefited by it, yet, as thesun went down, so did their hopes descend.
at nightfall the pirate hadincreased her distance to seven miles.
newton pursued, watching her with anight-glass, until she could no longer be distinguished.
still, theiranxiety was so great, that no one went to bed on board of the _windsorcastle_.
when the day broke, the pirate was not to be discovered in anyquarter of the horizon from the mast-head of the _windsor castle_.
"she stood a moment as a pythoness    stands on her tripod, agonised and full  of inspiration gather'd from distress,    when all the heart-strings, like wild horses, pull  the heart asunder; then, as more or less    their speed abated or their strength grew dull,  she sunk down on her seat by slow degrees,  and bow'd her throbbing head o'er trembling knees."
it was with deep regret that newton gave directions for the ship's head tobe again directed on her course to england; but the property under hischarge was of too great value to warrant risking it by cruising after thepirates, the superior sailing of whose vessel afforded no hopes of success.
the melancholy situation of madame de fontanges threw a gloom over theparty, which was communicated even to the seamen; while the anguish of m.de fontanges, expressed with all the theatrical violence characteristic ofhis nation, was a source of continual reminiscence and regret.
they hadbeen four days on their voyage, making little progress with the light andbaffling winds, when they were shrouded in one of those thick fogs whichprevail in the latitude of the cape de verds, and which was rendered moredisagreeable by a mizzling rain.
on the sixth day, about twelve o'clock, the horizon cleared to thenorthward, and the fog in that quarter was rolled away by a strong breezewhich rippled along the water.
newton, who was on deck, observed thedirection of the wind to be precisely the reverse of the little breeze towhich their sails had been trimmed; and the yards of the _windsor castle_were braced round to meet it.
the gust was strong, and the ship, laden asshe was, careened over to the sudden force of it, as the top-gallant sheetsand halyards were let fly by the directions of the officer of the watch.
the fog, which had still continued thick to leeward, now began to clearaway; and, as the bank dispersed, the marquis de fontanges, who wasstanding on the poop by the side of newton, cried out, "_voilà unbâtiment!_" newton looked in the direction pointed out, and discovered thehull of a vessel looming through the fog, about a quarter of a mile toleeward of the _windsor castle_.
one minute's scrutiny convinced him thatit was the pirate, who, not having been expeditious in trimming his sails,_laid in irons_, as seamen term it, heeling over to the blast.
the _windsorcastle_ was then running free, at the rate of four miles an hour.
"starboard the helm--all hands to board--steady so.
be smart, my lads--it'sthe pirate--port a little.
my lads--be quick, and she's all ourown.
quartermaster, my sword--quick!"
the crew, who were all on deck, snatched their cutlasses from thecapstern-head, in which they were inserted, and before three minuteselapsed, during which the pirate had not time to extricate himself from hisdifficulty, were all ready for the service.
they were joined by the flemishsailors belonging to the neutral vessel, who very deliberately put theirhands in their breeches-pockets, and pulled out their knives, about as longas a carpenter's two-foot rule, preferring this weapon to anything else.
monsieur de fontanges, bursting with impatience, stood with newton, at thehead of the men.
when the collision of the two vessels took place, the_windsor castle_, conned so as not to run down the pirate, but to sheeralongside, stove in the bulwarks of the other, and carried away hertopmasts, which, drawn to windward by the pressure on the back-stays, fellover towards the _windsor castle_, and, entangling with her rigging,prevented the separation of the two vessels.
"no quarter, my friends!"
cried monsieur de fontanges, who darted on boardof the pirate vessel at the head of some men near the main-rigging, whilenewton and the remainder, equally active, poured down upon his quarter.
such had been the rapidity of the junction, and such the impetuosity of theattack, that most of the pirates had not had time to arm themselves, which,considering the superiority of their numbers rendered the contest moreequal.
a desperate struggle was the result;--the attacked party neitherexpecting, demanding, nor receiving quarter.
it was blow for blow, woundfor wound, death to one or both.
every inch of the deck was disputed, andnot an inch obtained until it reeked with blood.
the voices of newton andmonsieur de fontanges, encouraging their men, were answered by anothervoice,--that of the captain of the pirates,--which had its due effect uponthe other party, which rallied at its sound.
newton, even in the hurry andexcitement of battle, could not help thinking to himself that he had heardthat voice before.
the english seamen gained but little ground, soobstinate was the resistance.
the pirates fell; but as they lay on thedeck, they either raised their exhausted arms to strike one last blow ofvengeance before their life's blood had been poured out, or seized upontheir antagonists with their teeth in their expiring agonies.
but a party,who, from the sedateness of their carriage, had hitherto been almostneutral, now forced their way into the conflict.
these were the flemishseamen, with their long snick-a-snee knives, which they used with as muchimperturbability as a butcher professionally employed.
they had gained themain-rigging of the vessel, and, ascending it, had passed over by thecatharpins, and descended, with all the deliberation of bears, on the otherside, by which tranquil manoeuvre the pirates were taken in flank; andhuddled as they were together, the knives of the flemings proved much moreeffective than the weapons opposed to them.
the assistance of the flemingswas hailed with a shout from the english seamen, who rallied, and increasedtheir efforts.
newton's sword had just been passed through the body of atall, powerful man, who had remained uninjured in the front of the opposingparty since the commencement of the action, when his fall discovered tonewton's view the captain of the vessel, whose voice had been so oftenheard, but who had hitherto been concealed from his sight by the athleticform which had just fallen by his hand.
what was his astonishment and hisindignation when he found himself confronted by one whom he had longimagined to have been summoned to answer for his crimes--his formerinveterate enemy, jackson!
jackson appeared to be no less astonished at the recognition of newton,whom he had supposed to have perished on the sand-bank.
both mechanicallycalled each other by name, and both sprang forward.
the blow of newton'ssword was warded off by the miscreant; but at the same moment that ofmonsieur de fontanges was passed through his body to the hilt.
newton hadjust time to witness the fall of jackson, when a tomahawk descended on hishead; his senses failed him, and he lay among the dead upon the deck.
there was a shriek, a piercing shriek, heard when newton fell.
it passedthe lips of one who had watched, with an anxiety too intense to bepourtrayed, the issue of the conflict;--it was from isabel, who had quittedthe cabin at the crash occasioned by the collision of the two vessels, andhad remained upon the poop "spectatress of the fight."
there were nofire-arms used; no time for preparation had been allowed.
there had been nosmoke to conceal--all had been fairly presented to her aching sight.
there she had remained, her eye fixed upon newton forster, as, at the headof his men, he slowly gained the deck of the contested vessel.
not one worddid she utter; but, with her lips wide apart from intensity of feeling, shewatched his progress through the strife, her eye fixed--immovably fixedupon the spot where his form was to be seen; hope buoyant, as she saw hisarm raised and his victims fall--heart sinking, as the pirate sword aimedat a life so dear.
there she stood like a statue--as white as beautiful--asmotionless as if, indeed, she had been chiselled from the parian marble;and had it not been for her bosom heaving with the agony of tumultuousfeeling, you might have imagined that all was as cold within.
newtonfell--all her hopes were wrecked--she uttered one wild shriek, and felt nomore.
after the fall of jackson, the pirates were disheartened, and theirresistance became more feeble.
m. de fontanges carved his way to thetaffrail, and then turned round to kill again.
in a few minutes the mostfeeble-hearted escaped below, leaving the few remaining brave to be hackedto pieces, and the deck of the pirate vessel was in possession of thebritish crew.
not waiting to recover his breath, m. de fontanges rushedbelow to seek his wife.
the cabin door was locked, but yielded to hisefforts; and he found her in the arms of her attendants in a state ofinsensibility.
a scream of horror at the sight of his bloody sword, andanother of joy at the recognition of their master, was followed up with theassurance that madame had only fainted.
m. de fontanges took his wife inhis arms, and carried her on deck, where, with the assistance of theseamen, he removed her on board of the _windsor castle_, and in a shorttime had the pleasure to witness her recovery.
their first endearmentsover, there was an awkward question to put to a wife.
after responding toher caresses, m. de fontanges inquired, with an air of anxiety veryremarkable in a frenchman, how she had been treated.
"il n'y a pas de mal,mon ami," replied madame de fontanges.
this was a jesuitical sort ofanswer, and m. de fontanges required further particulars.
"elle avaittemporisé" with the ruffian, with the faint hope of that assistance whichhad so opportunely and unexpectedly arrived.
m. de fontanges was satisfiedwith his wife's explanation; and such being the case, what passed betweenjackson and madame de fontanges can be no concern of the reader's.
as formimi and charlotte, they made no such assertion; but, when questioned, thepoor girls burst into tears, and, calling the captain and first lieutenantof the pirate vessel barbarians and every epithet they could think of,complained bitterly of the usage which they had received.
we left newton floored (as captain oughton would have said) on the deck ofthe pirate vessel, and isabel in a swoon on the poop of the _windsorcastle_.
they were both taken up, and then taken down, and recoveredaccording to the usual custom in romances and real life.
isabel was thefirst to _come to_, because, i presume, a blow on the heart is not quite soserious as a blow on the head.
fortunately for newton, the tomahawk hadonly glanced along the temple, not injuring the skull, although it stunnedhim, and detached a very decent portion of his scalp, which had to bereplaced.
a lancet brought him to his senses, and the surgeon pronouncedhis wound not to be dangerous, provided that he remained quiet.
at first newton acquiesced with the medical adviser, but an hour or twoafterwards a circumstance occurred which had such a resuscitating effect,that, weak as he was with the loss of blood, he would not resign thecommand of the ship, but gave his orders relative to the captured vessel,and the securing of the prisoners, as if nothing had occurred.
what hadcontributed so much to the recovery of newton was simply this, that_somehow or another_ mrs enderby left him for a few minutes, _tête-à-tête_with isabel revel: and, during those few minutes, _somehow or another_, avery interesting scene occurred, which i have no time just now to describe.
it ended, however, _somehow or another_, in the parties plighting theirtroth.
as i said before, love and murder are very good friends; and a chopfrom a tomahawk was but a prelude for the descent of love, with "healing onhis wings."
the _windsor castle_ lost five men killed and eleven wounded in this hardcontest.
three of the flemings were also wounded.
the pirate had sufferedmore severely.
out of a crew of seventy-five men, as no quarter had beengiven, there remained but twenty-six, who had escaped and secretedthemselves below, in the hold of the vessel.
these were put in irons underthe half-deck of the _windsor castle_, to be tried upon their arrival inengland.
as i may as well dispose of them at once, they were all sentencedto death by sir william scott, who made a very impressive speech upon theoccasion; and most of them were hanged on the bank of the thames.
thepolite valet of the marquis de fontanges hired a wherry, and escortedmademoiselles mimi and charlotte to witness the "_barbares_" dangling intheir chains; and the sooty young ladies returned much gratified with theirinteresting excursion.
it will be necessary to account for the reappearance of jackson.
the readermay recollect that he made sail in the boat, leaving newton on the islandwhich they had gained after the brig had been run on shore and wrecked.
when the boat came floating down with the tide, bottom up, newton made surethat jackson had been upset and drowned; instead of which, he had beenpicked up by a providence schooner; and the boat having been allowed to goadrift with the main-sheet belayed to the pin, had been upset by a squall,and had floated down with the current to the sand-bank where newton wasstanding in the water.
jackson did not return to england, but had enteredon board of a portuguese slave-vessel, and continued some time employed inthis notorious traffic, which tends so much to demoralise and harden theheart.
after several voyages, he headed a mutiny, murdered the captain andthose who were not a party to the scheme, and commenced a career of piracy,which had been very successful, from the superior sailing of the vessel,and the courage of the hardened villains he had collected under hiscommand.
"hopes, of all passions, most befriend us here;  joy has her tears, and transport has her death:  hope, like a cordial, innocent, tho' strong,  man's heart at once inspirits and serenes;  nor makes him pay his wisdom for his joys,  'tis all our present state can safely bear:  health to the frame and vigour to the mind,  and to the modest eye, chastised delight,  like the fair summer evening, mild and sweet,  'tis man's full cup--his paradise below."
with what feelings of delight did newton forster walk the deck of the_windsor castle_, as she scudded before a fine breeze across the bay ofbiscay!
his happiness in anticipation was so great, that at times hetrembled lest the cup should be dashed from his lips; and at the same timethat he thanked god for blessings received, he offered up his prayer thathis prospects might not be blighted by disappointment.
how happy did hefeel when he escorted isabel on deck, and walked with her during the finesummer evenings, communicating those hopes and fears, recurring to thepast, or anticipating the future, till midnight warned them of the rapiditywith which time had flown away!
the pirate vessel, which had been manned bythe crew of the neutral and part of the ship's company of the _windsorcastle_, under charge of the fourth mate, sailed round and round them,until at last the channel was entered, and favoured with a westerly breeze,the _windsor castle_ and her prize anchored in the downs.
here mrs enderbyand isabel quitted the ship, and newton received orders to proceed round tothe river.
before the _windsor castle_ had anchored, the newspapers wereput into his hands containing a report of the two actions, and he had thegratification of acknowledging that his countrymen were not niggardly inthe encomiums upon his meritorious conduct.
newton presented himself to the court of directors, who confirmed his rank,and promised him the command of the first ship which was brought forward,with flattering commendations for his gallantry in protecting property ofso much value.
newton took his leave of the august _leaden-all_ board, andhastened to his uncle's house.
the door was opened by a servant who did notknow him: newton passed him, and ran up to the drawing-room, where he foundamber in company with william aveleyn, who was reading to her the despatchcontaining the account of the action with surcoeuf.
amber _sprang_ into his arms.
she had grown into a tall girl of nearlyfifteen, budding into womanhood and beauty: promising perfection, althoughnot yet attained to it.
william aveleyn was also nearly half a foot taller;and a blush which suffused his handsome face at being surprised alone withamber, intimated that the feelings of a man were superseding those ofboyhood.
"where is my mother?"
"she is not at home, dear newton," replied amber; "she walked out with yourfather.
they are both well."
"and my uncle?"
"quite well, and most anxious to see you.
he talks of nobody but you, andof nothing but your actions, which we were just reading about when you camein.
pray, _captain_ newton, may i inquire after your french friends?
whathas become of them?"
"they are at sablonniere's hotel, miss amber; they have obtained theirparole at the alien-office."
the conversation was interrupted by the return of newton's father andmother, and shortly afterwards mr john forster made his appearance.
afterthe first greetings and congratulations were over--"well, newton," observed nicholas, "so you beat off a pirate, i hear."
"no, my dear father, we boarded one."
very true; i recollect--and you killed surcoeuf."
"no, father, only beat him off."
"so it was; i recollect now.
brother john, isn't it almost dinner time?"
"yes, brother nicholas, it is; and i'm not sorry for it.
mr williamaveleyn, perhaps you'd like to wash your hands?
a lad's paws are never theworse for a little clean water."
william aveleyn blushed: his dignity was hurt: but he had lately been veryintimate at mr forster's, and he therefore walked out to comply with therecommendation.
"well, brother nicholas, what have you been doing all day?"
"doing all day, brother?
really, i don't exactly know.
my dear," saidnicholas, turning to his wife, "what have i been doing all day?"
"to the best of my recollection," replied mrs forster, smiling, "you havebeen asking when dinner would be ready."
"uncle nicholas," said amber, "you promised to buy me a skein of bluesilk."
"did i, my dear?
well, so i did, i declare.
i'm very sorry--dear me, iforgot, i did buy it.
i passed by a shop where the windows were full of it,and it brought it to my mind, and i did buy it.
it cost--what was it, itcost?"
i know what it cost," replied amber.
"i gave you threepence to pay forit.
where is it?"
"if i recollect, it cost seven shillings and sixpence," replied nicholas,pulling out, not a skein of blue silk, but a yard of blue sarsenet.
"now, papa, do look here!
uncle nicholas, i never will give you acommission again.
is it not provoking?
i have seven shillings and sixpenceto pay for a yard of blue sarsenet, which i do not want.
uncle nicholas,you really are very stupid."
"well, my dear, i suppose i am.
i heard william aveleyn say the same, wheni came into the room this morning, because--let me see--""you heard him say nothing, uncle," interrupted amber, colouring.
"yes, i recollect now--how stupid i was to come in when i was not wanted!"
said john forster; and dinner was announced.
since the recognition of mrs forster by her husband, she had presided ather brother-in-law's table.
the dinner provided was excellent, and was doneample justice to by all parties, especially nicholas, whose appetiteappeared to increase from idleness.
since newton had left england he hadremained a pensioner upon his brother; and, by dint of constant exertion onthe part of mrs forster, had been drilled out of his propensity ofinterfering with either the watch or the spectacles.
this was all that wasrequired by mr john forster; and nicholas walked up and down the house,like a tame cat, minding nobody, and nobody paying any attention to him.
after dinner the ladies retired, and shortly afterwards william aveleynquitted the room.
newton thought this to be a good opportunity to acquaint his uncle with hisattachment to miss revel, and the favourable result.
mr john forster heardhim without interruption.
"very nice girl, i daresay, nephew, but you are too young to marry.
youcan't marry and go to sea.
follow your profession, newton; speculate inopium--i'll find the means."
"i trust, sir, that i should never speculate in marrying: but, had i actedon that plan, this would prove the best speculation of the two.
miss revelhas a very large fortune."
"so much the worse: a man should never be indebted to his wife for hismoney--they never forget it.
i'd rather you had fallen in love with a girlwithout a shilling."
"well, sir, when i first fell in love she had not a sixpence."
"humph!--well, nephew, that may be very true; but, as i said before, followyour profession."
"marriage will not prevent my so doing, uncle.
most captains of indiamenare married men."
"more fools they!
leaving their wives at home to be flattered and fooled bythe lord knows who.
a wife, nephew is--a woman."
"i hope that mine will be one, sir," replied newton, laughing.
"nephew, once for all, i don't approve of your marrying now---that'sunderstood.
it's my wish that you follow your profession.
i'll be candidwith you; i have left you the heir to most of my fortune; but--i can altermy will.
if you marry this girl i shall do so."
"alter your will, brother?"
said nicholas, who had been attentive to theconversation.
"why, who have you to leave your money to, except to newton?"
"to hospitals--to pay off the national debt--to anything.
perhaps i mayleave it all to that little girl, who already has come in for a slice."
"but, brother," replied nicholas, "will that be just, to leave all yourmoney away from your family?"
yes, brother nicholas, quite just.
a man's will is his _will_.
if hemakes it so as to satisfy the wishes or expectations of others, it is nolonger _his will_, but theirs.
nephew, as i said before, if you marryagainst my consent, i shall alter my will."
"i am sorry, sir, very sorry, that you should be displeased with me; but iam affianced to this lady, and no worldly consideration will induce me notto fulfil an engagement upon which, indeed, my future happiness depends.
ihave no claim upon you, sir; on the contrary, i have incurred a large debtof gratitude, from your kind protection.
anything else you would require ofme--""humph!
that's always the case; anything else except what is requested.
brother nicholas, do me the favour to go upstairs; i wish to speak with mynephew alone."
"well, brother john, certainly, if you wish it--if you and newton havesecrets;" and nicholas rose from his chair.
"surely, sir," observed newton, not pleased at the abrupt dismissal of hisfather, "we can have no secrets to which my father may not be a party."
"yes, but i have, nephew.
your father is my brother, and i take the libertywith my brother, if you like that better--not with your father."
in the meantime nicholas had stalked out of the room.
"nephew," continued mr john forster, as the door closed, "i have stated toyou my wish that you should not marry this young woman; and i will nowexplain my reasons.
the girl left in my charge by my brother edward hasbecome the same to me as a daughter.
i intend that you shall make three orfour voyages as captain of an indiaman; then you shall marry her, andbecome the heir to my whole fortune.
now you understand me.
may i ask whatare your objections?"
"none, sir, but what i have already stated--my attachment and engagement toanother person."
"is that all?"
"is it not enough?"
"it appears that this young woman has entered into an engagement on boardship, without consulting her friends."
"she has no father, sir.
she is of age, and independent."
"you have done the same."
"i grant it, sir; but even were i inclined, could i, in honour or honesty,retract?"
"perhaps, sir, if you were acquainted with the young lady you might not beaverse to the match."
"perhaps, if i saw with your eyes, i might not; but that is not likely tobe the case.
old men are a little blind and a little obstinate.
aftertoiling through life to amass a fortune, they wish to have their own way ofdisposing of it.
it is the only return they can receive for their labour.
however, nephew, you will act as you please.
as i said before, if you marryagainst my consent, i shall alter my will.
now, empty the bottle, and we'llgo upstairs."
"and, betty, give this cheek a little red."
the departure of isabel in the _windsor castle_, so immediately after thedeath of colonel revel, prevented her communicating to her mother thealteration which had taken place in her circumstances, and her intendedreturn to england.
the first intimation received by mrs revel was from ahurried note sent on shore by a pilot-boat off falmouth, stating isabel'sarrival in the channel, and her anticipation of soon embracing her mother.
isabel did not enter into any particulars, as she neither had time, nor didshe feel assured that the letter would ever reach its destination.
the letter did however come to hand two days before isabel and mrs enderbyarrived in the metropolis, much to the chagrin of mrs revel, who imaginedthat her daughter had returned penniless, to be a sharer of her limitedincome.
she complained to mr heaviside, who as usual stepped in, not somuch from any regard for mrs revel, but to while away the time of a _farniente_ old bachelor.
"only think, mr heaviside," said the lady, who was stretched on a sofa,supported on pillows, "isabel has returned from india.
here is a letter ihave just received, signed by her maiden name!
her sisters so well marriedtoo!
surely she might have stayed out with one of them!
i wonder how shegot the money to pay her passage home!
dear me, what shall i do with her?"
"if i may be allowed to see the letter, mrs revel," said the oldgentleman--"oh, certainly, it's nothing but a note."
mr heaviside read the contents.
"there is very little in it indeed, mrs revel; not a word about thecolonel, or why she left india.
perhaps the colonel may be dead."
"then she might have gone to live with one of her sisters, mr heaviside."
"but perhaps he may have left her some property."
"and do you, a sensible man, think that if such was the case, my daughterwould not have mentioned it in her note?
impossible, mr heaviside!"
"she may intend to surprise you, mrs revel."
"she has surprised me," replied the lady, falling back upon the pillows.
"well, mrs revel, you will soon ascertain the facts.
i wish you agood-morning, and will pay my devoirs in a day or two to inquire after yourhealth, and hear what has taken place."
to defray the expenses attending the "consignment" of the three miss revelsto india, mrs revel had consented to borrow money, insuring her life as asecurity to the parties who provided it.
her unprincipled husband took thisopportunity of obtaining a sum which amounted to more than half hermarriage settlement, as mrs revel signed the papers laid before her withoutexamining their purport.
when her dividends were become due, this treacherywas discovered; and mrs revel found herself reduced to a very narrowincome, and wholly deserted by her husband, who knew that he had no chanceof obtaining further means of carrying on his profligate career.
his deathin a duel, which we have before mentioned, took place a few months afterthe transaction, and mrs revel was attacked with that painful disease, acancer, so deeply seated as to be incurable.
still she was the samefrivolous, heartless being; still she sighed for pleasure, and to move inthose circles in which she had been received at the time of her marriage.
but, as her income diminished, so did her acquaintances fall off; and atthe period of isabel's return, with the exception of mr heaviside and oneor two others, she was suffered to pine away in seclusion.
isabel was greeted with querulous indifference until the explanation of thefirst ten minutes; then, as an heiress, with the means as well as thedesire of contributing to her mother's comforts, all was joy andcongratulation.
her incurable disease was for the time forgotten; andalthough pain would occasionally draw down the muscles of her face, as soonas the pang was over, so was the remembrance of her precarious situation.
wan and wasted as a spectre, she indulged in anticipation of again mixingwith the fashionable world, and talked of _chaperoning_ isabel to privateparties and public amusements, when she was standing on the brink ofeternity.
isabel sighed as she listened to her mother, and observed herattenuated frame; occasionally she would refer to her mother's state ofhealth, and attempt to bring her to that serious state of mind which herawful situation demanded; but in vain: mrs revel would evade the subject.
before a week had passed, she had set up an equipage, and called upon manyof her quondam friends to announce the important intelligence of herdaughter's wealth.
most of them had long before given orders not to be "athome to mrs revel."
the few to whom, from the remissness of their porters,she obtained admittance, were satisfied at their servants' negligence whenthey heard the intelligence which mrs revel had to communicate.
"they wereso delighted; isabel was always such a sweet girl; hoped that mrs revelwould not be such a recluse as she had been, and that they should prevailupon her to come to their parties!"
an heiress is of no little consequencewhen there are so many younger brothers to provide for; and, before a shortmonth had flown away, mrs revel, to her delight, found that the cards andinvitations of no inconsiderable portion of the _beau monde_ covered thetable of her confined drawing-room.
to isabel, who perceived that hermother was sinking every day under the exertion she went through, all thiswas a source of deep regret.
it occurred to her that to state herengagements with newton forster would have some effect in preventing thisindirect suicide.
she took an opportunity of confiding it to her mother,who listened to her with astonishment.
what do i hear?
that young man who calls here so often!
you,that can command a title, rank, and fashion, engage yourself to a captainof an indiaman!
recollect, isabel, that now your poor father is dead, i amyour legal protector; and without my permission i trust you have too muchsense of filial duty to think of marrying.
how you could venture to form anengagement without consulting me is quite astonishing!
depend upon it, ishall not give my consent; therefore, think no more about it."
how often do we thus see people, who make no scruples of neglecting theirduties, as eagerly assert their responsibility, when it suits theirconvenience.
isabel might have retorted, but she did not.
in few words, she gave hermother to understand that she was decided, and then retired to dress for asplendid ball, at which, more to please her mother than herself, she hadconsented to be present.
it was the first party of any consequence to which mrs revel had beeninvited.
she considered it as her re-_entrée_ into the fashionable world,and the presentation of her daughter; she would not have missed it for anyconsideration.
that morning she had felt more pain than usual, and had beenobliged to have recourse to restoratives; but once more to join the gay andfashionable throng--the very idea braced her nerves, rendered her callousto suffering, and indifferent to disease.
"i think," said mrs revel to her maid--"i think," said she, panting, "youmay lace me a little closer, martyn."
"indeed, madam, the holes nearly meet; it will hurt your side."
"no, no, i feel no pain this evening--there, that will do."
the lady's-maid finished her task, and left the room.
mrs revel rouged her wan cheeks, and, exhausted with fatigue and pain,tottered to an easy-chair, that she might recover herself a little beforeshe went downstairs.
in a quarter of an hour isabel, who had waited for the services of martyn,entered her mother's room, to announce that she was ready.
her mother, whowas sitting in the chair, leaning backwards, answered her not.
isabel wentup to her, and looked her in the face--she was _dead_!
"my dearest wife was like this maid,  and such my daughter might have been."
the reader may be surprised at the positive and dictatorial language of mrjohn forster, relative to newton's marriage, as detailed in a formerchapter; but, as mr john forster truly observed, all the recompense whichhe had to expect for a life of exertion was to dispose of the fruits of hislabour according to his own will.
this he felt; and he considered itunreasonable that what he supposed a boyish attachment on the part ofnewton was to overthrow all his preconcerted arrangements.
had mr forsterbeen able to duly appreciate the feelings of his nephew, he probably wouldnot have been so decided; but love had never been able to establish himselfas an inmate of his breast.
his life had been a life of toil.
loveassociates with idleness and ease.
mr forster was kind and cordial to hisnephew as before, and the subject was not again renewed; nevertheless, hehad made up his mind, and having stated that he would alter his will, suchwas his intention, provided that his nephew did not upon mature reflectionaccede to his wishes.
newton once more enjoyed the society of isabel, towhom he imparted all that had occurred.
"i do not wish to play the prude,"answered isabel, "by denying that i am distressed at your uncle's decision;to say that i will never enter into his family without having received hisconsent, is saying more than my feelings will bear out; but i must and willsay that i shall be most unwilling so to do.
we must, therefore, as madamede fontanges did with the pirate captain, _temporise_, and i trust we shallbe as successful."
newton, more rational than most young men in love,agreed with isabel on the propriety of the measure, and, satisfied witheach other's attachment, they were by no means in a hurry to precipitatetheir marriage.
it may be recollected that newton forster felt convinced that the contentsof the trunk which he picked up at sea, when mate of the coasting vessel,was the property of the marquis de fontanges.
during their passage home inthe _windsor castle_, he had renewed the subject to m. de fontanges, andfrom the description which he gave from memory, the latter appeared to beof the same opinion.
the conversation had not been revived until some timeafter their arrival in england, when newton, anxious to restore thearticles, desired m. de fontanges to communicate with the marquis, andrequest that he would appoint a day upon which he would call at his uncle'sand identify the property.
the marquis, who had never been informed by m.de fontanges that any supposed relics of his lost wife remained, sighed atthe memory of his buried happiness--buried in that vast grave, whichdefrauds the earth of its inherent rights--and consented to call upon theensuing day.
when the marquis arrived, accompanied by m. and madame defontanges, he was received in the drawing-room by mr john forster, who hadbrought from his chamber the packet in question, which had remained lockedup in the iron safe ever since newton had first committed it to his charge.
after their introduction to each other, the marquis observed, in english--"i am giving you a great deal of trouble; unavailing indeed; for, allowingthat the articles should prove to be mine, the sight of them must be asource of renewed misery."
"sir," replied mr john forster, "the property does not belong to my nephew,and he has very properly reserved it until he could find out the legalowner.
if the property is yours, we are bound to deliver it into yourhands.
there is an inventory attached to it," continued the old lawyer,putting on his spectacles, and reading, "one diamond ring--but perhaps itwould be better that i should open the packet."
"will you permit me to look at the diamond ring, sir?"
observed m. defontanges.
"the sight of that will identify the whole."
"there it is, sir," replied mr john forster.
"it is, indeed, that of my poor sister-in-law!"
said m. de fontanges,taking it up to the marquis.
"my brother, it is louise's ring!"
"it is," cried the marquis, passionately, "the ring that i placed in thecentre of her _corbeille de mariage_.
where is the hand which gracedit?"
and the marquis retreated to the sofa, and covered his face.
"we have no occasion then to proceed further," observed mr john forster,with emotion.
"the other articles you, of course, recognise?"
"i do," replied monsieur de fontanges.
"my brother had taken his passage inthe same vessel, but was countermanded.
before he had time to select allhis own baggage, which was mixed with that of his wife, the ship was blownout to sea, and proceeded on her voyage.
these orders of merit were leftwith her jewels."
"i observe," said the old lawyer, "which i did not when newton entrustedthe packet to my charge, that the linen has not all the same marks; that ofthe adult is marked l. de m., while that which belonged to the child ismarked j. de f. was it the marquis's child?"
"it was; the linen of the mother was some belonging to her previous to hermarriage.
the maiden name was louise de montmorenci; that of the child hasthe initials of its name, julie de fontanges."
i have my reasons for asking that question," replied the oldlawyer.
"newton, do me the favour to step to my chambers and open the safe.
you will find in it, on the right-hand side, another small bundle of linen:bring it here.
stop, newton, blow the dust out of the pipe of the keybefore you put it in, and be careful that it is well inserted before youturn it, or you may strain the wards.
in all other points, you may be asquick as you please.
my lord marquis', will you allow me to offer you somerefreshment?--a glass of wine will be of service.
brother nicholas, do methe favour to call amber."
newton and nicholas both departed on their respective missions.
amber madeher appearance.
"papa," said amber, "do you want me?"
"yes, my dear," said mr forster, handing her the keys; "go down to thecellaret and bring up some wine.
i do not wish the servants to come in justnow."
amber reappeared with a small tray.
she first handed it to the marquis, whowas roused at her voice.
"papa requests that you will take some wine, sir.
it will be of service toyou."
the marquis, who had looked earnestly in her face when she had spoken, tookthe wine, and drinking it off, bowed as he replaced the glass.
he then sunkback on the sofa.
when the rap at the door announced the return of newton, mr john forsterrequested m. de fontanges, in a low voice, to follow him, and directingnewton, whom they met on the stairs, to return, they proceeded to thedining-parlour.
"i have requested you to come down, sir," said mr john forster, "that imight not, without being certain, raise hopes in your brother the marquis,which, if not realised, would create bitter feelings of disappointment; buti remarked the initials on the linen of the child; and if my memory, whichis not very bad, fails me not, we shall find corresponding ones in thepacket now before us;" and the old lawyer opened the bundle and displayedthe contents, which proved to be marked as he had surmised.
"most true," replied monsieur de fontanges.
"they are the same, and ofcourse part of the property which was picked up."
"yes; but not picked up at the same time, or at the same spot, or by thesame person.
those above stairs were, as you know, picked up by my nephew;these by a brother, who is since dead: and in these clothes an infant wasalso washed upon the beach."
exclaimed monsieur de fontanges.
"where was it buried?"
"the child was restored to life, and is still living."
"if it is," replied monsieur de fontanges, "it can be no other than theyoung lady who just now called you father.
the likeness to madame lamarquise is most astonishing."
"it is as you suppose, sir," replied mr john forster.
"at my brother'sdeath, he bequeathed the little girl to my protection; and i trust i havedone justice to the deposit.
indeed, although an alien by blood, she is asdear to me as if she were my own daughter: and," continued the old lawyer,hesitating a little, "although i have the satisfaction of restoring her toher father's arms, it will be a heavy blow to part with her!
when mybrother spoke to me on the subject, i told him it was trouble and expenseenough to bring up a child of one's own begetting.
i little thought at thetime how much more i should be vexed at parting with one of another's.
however, with the bundle, she must be returned to the lawful owner.
i haveone more remark to make, sir.
do me the favour to look at that drawing ofmy poor brother's, which hangs over the sideboard.
do you recognise theportrait?"
cried monsieur de fontanges; "the dog which i gave my poorsister-in-law!"
"you are indebted to that dog for the life of your niece.
he brought her onshore, and laid her at my brother's feet; but i have all the documents,which i will send for your perusal.
the facts i consider so wellestablished as to warrant a verdict in any court of justice; and now, sir,i must leave you to make the communication as soon, and, at the same time,as cautiously as you please.
newton, send amber down to me."
we will pass over the scenes which followed in the dining-parlour anddrawing-room.
the marquis de fontanges discovered that he was blest with adaughter, at the same time that amber learnt her own history.
in a fewminutes amber was led upstairs to the arms of her father, whose tears ofsorrow at the loss of his wife were now mingled with those of delight, ashe clasped his daughter to his heart.
"what obligations do i owe to your whole family, my dear friend!"
said themarquis to newton.
"i will not deny it, sir," replied newton; "but allow me to observe, thatfor the recovery of your daughter you are equally indebted to thegenerosity of your own relatives and your own feeling disposition.
had notmonsieur and madame de fontanges protected and assisted me in my distress;had not you, instead of throwing me into prison, set me at liberty, younever would have known where your daughter was to be found.
had not one ofmy uncles hastened to the relief of the vessel in distress, and the otherprotected your little girl after his death, she would not have been now inexistence.
my gratitude for your kindness induced me to remain by yourship, and subsequently to rescue you from the pirate, or you would not havenow been a prisoner in this country--an evil which, under divineprovidence, has been changed to a blessing, by restoring to you yourdaughter.
we have all, i trust, done our duty, and this happy issue is ourfull reward."
observed the old lawyer.
"thus far our chronicle--and now we pause,    though not for want of matter, but 'tis time."
amber, or julie de fontanges, as we must now call her, quitted the abode ofher kind protector in such distress, that it was evident she regretted thediscovery which had been made.
she was too young to be aware of theadvantages of high birth, and her removal was for some time a source ofunfeigned regret.
it appeared to her that nothing could compensate for theseparation from her supposed father, who doted on her, from mrs forster,who had watched over her, from nicholas, who amused her, and from newton,whom she loved as a brother.
but the idea of going to a foreign country,and never seeing them or william aveleyn again, and, though last, notleast, to find that she was not an englishwoman, and in future must notrejoice at their victories over her own nation, occasioned many a burst oftears when left alone to her own meditations.
it was long before thedevotion of her father, and the fascinating attentions of m. and madame defontanges, could induce her to be resigned to her new condition.
mr johnforster felt his bereavement more deeply than could have been supposed.
formany days after the departure of julie, he seldom spoke, never made hisappearance, except at dinner-time, and as soon as the meal was finished,hastened to his chambers, where he remained very late.
intense applicationwas the remedy which he had selected to dispel his care, and fill up thevacuum created by the absence of his darling child.
"newton," said he, one evening, as they discussed a bottle of port, "haveyou considered what i proposed?
i confess to you that i am more than everanxious for the match; i cannot part with that dear child, and you canbring her back to me."
"i have reflected, sir; but the case must be viewed in a very differentlight.
you might affiance your adopted daughter at her early age, but themarquis de fontanges may not be so inclined; nay, further, sir, it is notimpossible that he may dislike the proposed match.
he is of a very noblefamily."
"i have thought on that subject," replied mr john forster; "but our familyis as well descended, and quite well enough for any frenchman, let him be amarquis, or even a duke.
is that the only obstacle you intend to raise--or, if this is removed, will you again plead your attachment to another?"
"it is the only one which i mean to raise at present, sir.
i acknowledgejulie de fontanges to be a sweet girl, and, as a relation, i have long beenmuch attached to her."
replied the old lawyer; "i always thought you a sensible lad--weshall see."
now, be it observed, that there was a certain degree of the jesuitical onthe part of our friend newton on this occasion,--excusable only from hiswish that the mortification of his uncle at the disappointment of his hopesshould not be occasioned by any further resistance on his part.
to m. de fontanges, who was aware of newton's attachment to isabel, he had,previous to the discovery which had taken place, communicated the obstacleto his union, raised by the pertinacity of his uncle.
after the removal ofjulie, m. de fontanges acquainted his brother with the wishes of mr johnforster, and explained to him how much they were at variance with those ofnewton.
the first time that newton called upon the marquis, the latter, shaking himwarmly by the hand, said,--"i have been informed, my dear newton, by mybrother, of the awkward predicament in which you are placed by the wish ofyour uncle that you should marry my julie when she grows up.
believe me,when i say it, there is no man to whom i would sooner confide the happinessof my daughter, and that no consideration would induce me to refuse you, ifyou really sought her hand; but i know your wishes, and your attachment tomiss revel, therefore be quite easy on the subject.
your uncle made hisproposition when julie had no father to be consulted: the case is nowdifferent; and, for your sake, i intend, for a time, to injure myself inthe opinion of your good relation.
i shall assume, i trust what, if ever ihad it, would be immediately sacrificed to gratitude,--i mean, higharistocratical pride; and should your uncle make the proposal, refuse itupon the grounds that you are not noble by _descent_.
no one will deny yournobility on any other point.
do you understand me, newton?
and will my sodoing be conformable to your wishes?"
"it will, monsieur le marquis, and i thank you most sincerely."
"then make no objection when he proposes the match a second time; leave allthe obloquy on my shoulders," said the marquis, smiling.
this arrangement having been made, it was not surprising that newton heardhis uncle's renewal of the proposition with such calmness and apparentacquiescence.
"we dine with the marquis to-morrow, newton," observed mr john forster; "ishall take an opportunity after dinner of requesting a few minutes'interview, when i shall put the question to him."
"certainly, sir, if you think right," replied newton.
"well, i'm glad the dear girl has changed that foolish name of amber.
whatcould possess my brother?
julie is very fine, nevertheless; but then shewas christened by french people."
the next day the parties met at dinner.
isabel revel had been asked; and,having heard from madame de fontanges of the plan agreed upon, and anxiousto see the old lawyer, she had consented to join the party.
the dinnerpassed off as most dinners do when the viands and wines are good, andeverybody is inclined to be happy.
isabel was placed next to mr forster,who, without knowing who she was, felt much pleased with the deference andattention of so beautiful a young woman.
"newton," said his uncle, when the ladies retired, and the gentlemen packedup their chairs, "who was that young lady who sat next to me?"
"the young lady, my dear uncle, whom i did wish to introduce to you as myintended wife--miss isabel revel."
"humph!--why, you never spoke to her before dinner, or paid her any commoncivility!"
"you forget, sir, your injunctions, and--""that's no reason, nephew, why you should forget common civility.
irequested that you would not marry the young lady; but i never desired youto commit an act of rudeness.
she is a very nice young person; andpoliteness is but a trifle, although marriage is a very serious thing."
in pursuance of his plans, when the gentlemen rose, mr john forsterrequested a few minutes' conversation with the marquis, who, bowingpolitely, showed the way to a small study on the same floor.
mr forster immediately stated his wish that an engagement should be formedbetween his nephew and julie de fontanges.
"mr forster," replied the marquis, drawing up proudly, "the obligations iam under to your family are so great, that there are but few points inwhich i could refuse you; and i therefore am quite distressed that of thisproposal i am obliged to decline the honour.
you may be ignorant, mrforster, that the family of the de fontanges is one of the oldest infrance; and, with every respect for you and your nephew, and all gratitudefor your kindness, i cannot permit my daughter to form a _mésalliance_."
i presume, sir, in plain english, it meansmarrying beneath her rank in life?"
the marquis bowed.
"i beg to observe, sir," said mr john forster, "that our family is a veryold one.
i can show you our pedigree.
it has lain for some years by theside of your daughter's bundle in the iron safe."
"i have no doubt of the excellence of your family, mr forster.
i can onlyexpress my deep regret that it is not noble.
excuse me, mr forster; exceptyou can prove that--""why, i could prove it by purchasing a dozen marquisates, if i thoughtproper!"
"granted, mr forster.
in our country they are to be purchased; but we makea great difference between the parvenus of the present day and the_ancienne noblesse_."
"well, mr marquis, just as you please; but i consider myself quite as goodas a french marquis," replied mr forster, in a tone of irritation.
"better than many, i have no doubt; but still, we draw the line.
nobleblood, mr forster."
monsieur le marquis, in this country, and theinhabitants are not fools, we allow money to weigh against rank.
itpurchases that, as it does everything else, except heaven.
now, monsieur lemarquis--""excuse me, sir; no money will purchase the hand of julie de fontanges,"replied the marquis.
"well, then, monsieur le marquis, i should think that the obligations youare under in restoring your daughter to your arms--""warrants your asking for her back again, mr forster?"
replied the marquis,haughtily.
"a labourer might find this diamond _solitaire_ that's now uponmy finger.
does it therefore follow that i am to make him a present of it?"
ejaculated mr forster, much affronted with the comparison.
"in short, my dear sir, anything which you or your family can think of,which it is in our power to grant, will make us most happy; but to _sully_the blood of the most ancient--"john forster would hear no more; he quitted the room and walked upstairsbefore the marquis had completed his speech.
when he entered thedrawing-room, his countenance plainly expressed his disappointment.
likeall men who have toiled for riches, he had formed plans, in which heconsidered his wealth was to command success, and had overlooked everyobstacle which might present itself against the completion of his wishes.
"newton," said he, as they stood apart near the window, "you have been agood lad in not persisting to thwart my views, but that french marquis,with his folly and his 'ancienne noblesse,' has overthrown all my plans.
now, i shall not interfere with yours.
introduce me to miss what's hername; she is a very fine girl, and from what i saw of her during dinner, ilike her very much."
isabel exerted herself to please, and succeeded.
satisfied with his nephew's choice, flattered by his previous apparentsubmission, and disgusted with the marquis, mr john forster thought no moreof mademoiselle de fontanges.
his consent was voluntary, and in a shorttime isabel revel changed her name.
it was about five months after newton's marriage that he received a letterfrom the board, appointing him to the command of a ship.
newton handed theletter over to mr forster.
"i presume, sir, it is your wish that i should accept the offer?"
said the old lawyer, who was reading through a case forcounsel's opinion.
"_melville_--for madras and china.--why, newton, ireally do not see any occasion for your going afloat again.
there is an oldproverb--'the pitcher that goes often to the well is broken at last.'
you're not tired of your wife already?"
"i hope not, sir; but i thought it might be your wish."
"it's my wish that you should stay at home.
a poor man may go to sea,because he stands a chance to come home rich; but a man who has money inhand, and in prospect, if he goes to sea, he is a fool.
follow yourprofession as long as you require it, but no longer."
"why, then, do you work so hard, my dear sir," said isabel, leaning overthe old gentleman, and kissing him, in gratitude for his decision.
"surelyyou can afford to relax a little now?"
"why do i work so hard, isabel?"
replied mr forster, looking up at herthrough his spectacles.
"why, you expect to have a family, do you not?"
isabel blushed; the expectation was undeniable.
"well, then, i presume the children will have no objection to find a fewthousands more to be divided among them by-and-bye--will they, daughter?"
the conversation was interrupted by the entry of a servant with a letter;mr forster broke the seal, and looked at the signature.
from the proud old marquis.
'very sorry, for a short period, tohave fallen in your good opinion--should have rejoiced to have callednewton my son-in-law! '
'family pride all assumed--newton'shappiness at stake--trust the deceit will be pardoned, and a renewal offormer intimacy.'
why, newton, is all this true?"
"ask isabel, sir," replied newton, smiling.
"well, then, isabel, is all this true?"
"ask newton, sir," replied isabel, kissing him.
"the fact is, my dear sir,i could not afford to part with newton, even to please you, so we made up alittle plot."
"humph!--made up a little plot--well--i sha'n't alter my will,nevertheless;" and mr forster recommenced the reading of his brief.
such is the history of newton forster, which, like most novels or plays,has been wound up with marriage.
the last time that i appeared before myreaders, they were dissatisfied with the termination of my story; theyconsidered i had deprived them of "a happy marriage," to which, as anundoubted right, they were entitled, after wading through three tediousvolumes.
as i am anxious to keep on good terms with the public, i hasten torepair the injury which it has sustained, by stating that about three yearsafter the marriage of newton forster, the following paragraph appeared inthe several papers of the metropolis:"yesterday, by special license, the right honourable william lord aveleynto mademoiselle julie de fontanges, only daughter of the marquis defontanges, late governor of the island of bourbon.
the marriage was to havebeen solemnised in december last, but was postponed, in consequence of thedeath of the late lord aveleyn.
after the ceremony, the happy couple," &c.sec.
&c.       *       *       *       *       *and now, most arbitrary public, i consider that i have made the _amendehonorable_, and that we are quits; for, if you were minus a happy marriagein the last work, you have a couple to indemnify you in the present.
