my birth, parentage, and family pretensions--unfortunately i prove to bea detrimental or younger son, which is remedied by a trifling accident--i hardly receive the first elements of science from my father, when theelements conspire against me, and i am left an orphan.
gentle reader, i was born upon the water--not upon the salt and angryocean, but upon the fresh and rapid-flowing river.
it was in a floatingsort of box, called a lighter, and upon the river thames, at low water,when i first smelt the mud.
this lighter was manned (an expressionamounting to bullism, if not construed _kind_-ly) by my father, mymother, and your humble servant.
my father had the sole charge--he wasmonarch of the deck: my mother, of course, was queen, and i was theheir-apparent.
before i say one word about myself, allow me dutifully to describe myparents.
first, then, i will portray my queen mother.
report says,that when she first came on board of the lighter, a lighter figure and alighter step never pressed a plank; but as far as i can tax myrecollection, she was always a fat, unwieldy woman.
locomotion was notto her taste--gin was.
she seldom quitted the cabin--never quitted thelighter: a pair of shoes may have lasted her for five years for the wearand tear she took out of them.
being of this domestic habit, as allmarried women ought to be, she was always to be found when wanted; butalthough always at hand, she was not always on her feet.
towards theclose of the day, she lay down upon her bed--a wise precaution when aperson can no longer stand.
the fact was, that my honoured mother,although her virtue was unimpeachable, was frequently seduced by liquor;and although constant to my father, was debauched and to be found in bedwith that insidious assailer of female uprightness--_gin_.
the lighter,which might have been compared to another garden of eden, of which mymother was the eve, and my father the adam to consort with, was enteredby this serpent who tempted her; and if she did not eat, she drank,which was even worse.
at first, indeed--and i may mention it to provehow the enemy always gains admittance under a specious form--she drankit only to keep the cold out of her stomach, which the humid atmospherefrom the surrounding water appeared to warrant.
my father took his pipefor the same reason; but, at the time that i was born, he smoked and shedrank from morning to night, because habit had rendered it almostnecessary to their existence.
the pipe was always to his lip, the glassincessantly to hers.
i would have defied any cold ever to havepenetrated into their stomachs;--but i have said enough of my mother forthe present; i will now pass on to my father.
my father was a puffy, round-bellied, long-armed, little man, admirablycalculated for his station in, or rather out of, society.
he couldmanage a lighter as well as anybody; but he could do no more.
he hadbeen brought up to it from his infancy.
he went on shore for my mother,and came on board again--the only remarkable event in his life.
hiswhole amusement was his pipe; and, as there is a certain indefinablelink between smoking and philosophy, my father, by dint of smoking, hadbecome a perfect philosopher.
it is no less strange than true, that wecan puff away our cares with tobacco, when, without it, they remain aburden to existence.
there is no composing draught like the draughtthrough the tube of a pipe.
the savage warriors of north americaenjoyed the blessing before we did; and to the pipe is to be ascribedthe wisdom of their councils and the laconic delivery of theirsentiments.
it would be well introduced into our own legislativeassembly.
ladies, indeed, would no longer peep down through theventilator; but we should have more sense and fewer words.
it is alsoto tobacco that is to be ascribed the stoical firmness of those americanwarriors, who, satisfied with the pipes in their mouths, submitted withperfect indifference to the torture of their enemies.
from thewell-known virtues of this weed arose that peculiar expression when youirritate another, that you "put his pipe out."
my father's pipe, literally and metaphorically, was never put out.
hehad a few apophthegms which brought every disaster to a happyconclusion; and as he seldom or never indulged in words, these sayingswere deeply impressed upon my infant memory.
one was, "_it's no usecrying; what's done can't be helped_."
when once these words escapedhis lips, the subject was never renewed.
nothing appeared to move him:the abjurations of those employed in the other lighters, barges,vessels, and boats of every description, who were contending with us forthe extra foot of water, as we drifted up or down with the tide,affected him not, further than an extra column or two of smoke risingfrom the bowl of his pipe.
to my mother he used but one expression,"_take it coolly_;" but it always had the contrary effect with mymother, as it put her more in a passion.
it was like pouring oil uponflame; nevertheless, the advice was good, had it ever been followed.
another favourite expression of my father's when anything went wrong,and which was of the same pattern as the rest of his philosophy, was,"_better luck next time_."
these aphorisms were deeply impressed uponmy memory; i continually recalled them to mind, and thus i became aphilosopher long before my wise teeth were in embryo, or i had even shedthe first set with which kind nature presents us, that in the petticoatage we may fearlessly indulge in lollipop.
my father's education had been neglected.
he could neither write norread; but although he did not exactly, like cadmus, invent letters, hehad accustomed himself to certain hieroglyphics, generally speakingsufficient for his purposes, and which might be considered as anartificial memory.
"i can't write nor read, jacob," he would say; "iwish i could; but look, boy, i means this mark for three quarters of abushel.
mind you recollects it when i axes you, or i'll be blowed if idon't wallop you."
but it was only a case of peculiar difficulty whichwould require a new hieroglyphic, or extract such a long speech from myfather.
i was well acquainted with his usual scratches and dots, andhaving a good memory, could put him right when he was puzzled with somemisshapen _x_ or _z_, representing some unknown quantity, like the sameletters in algebra.
i have said that i was heir-apparent, but i did not say that i was theonly child born to my father in his wedlock.
my honoured mother had hadtwo more children; but the first, who was a girl, had been provided forby a fit of the measles; and the second, my elder brother, by stumblingover the stern of the lighter when he was three years old.
at the timeof the accident my mother had retired to her bed, a little the worse forliquor; my father was on deck forward, leaning against the windlass,soberly smoking his evening pipe.
"what was that?"
exclaimed my father,taking his pipe out of his mouth, and listening; "i shouldn't wonder ifthat wasn't joe."
and my father put in his pipe again, and smoked awayas before.
my father was correct in his surmises.
it _was_ joe who had made thesplash which roused him from his meditations, for the next morning joewas nowhere to be found.
he was, however, found some days afterwards;but, as the newspapers say, and as may well be imagined, the vital sparkwas extinct; and, moreover, the eels and chubs had eaten off his noseand a portion of his chubby face, so that, as my father said, "he was ofno use to nobody."
the morning after the accident my father was upearly, and had missed poor little joe.
he went into the cabin, smokedhis pipe, and said nothing.
as my brother did not appear as usual forhis breakfast, my mother called out for him in a harsh voice; but joewas out of hearing, and as mute as a fish.
joe opened not his mouth inreply, neither did my father.
my mother then quitted the cabin, andwalked round the lighter, looked into the dog-kennel to ascertain if hewas asleep with the great mastiff--but joe was nowhere to be found.
"why, what can have become of joe?"
cried my mother, with maternal alarmin her countenance, appealing to my father, as she hastened back to thecabin.
my father spoke not, but taking the pipe out of his mouth,dropped the bowl of it in a perpendicular direction till it landedsoftly on the deck, then put it into his mouth again, and puffedmournfully.
"why, you don't mean to say he is overboard?"
my father nodded his head, and puffed away at an accumulated rate.
atorrent of tears, exclamations, and revilings succeeded to thischaracteristic announcement.
my father allowed my mother to exhaustherself.
by the time when she had finished, so was his pipe; he thenknocked out the ashes, and quietly observed, "it's no use crying; what'sdone can't be helped," and proceeded to refill the bowl.
"can't be helped!"
cried my mother; "but it might have been helped."
"take it coolly," replied my father.
"take it coolly!"
replied my mother in a rage--"take it coolly!
yes,you're for taking everything coolly: i presume, if i fell overboard youwould be taking it coolly."
"you would be taking it coolly, at all events," replied my imperturbablefather.
cried my poor mother; "two poor children, and lostthem both!"
"better luck next time," rejoined my father; "so, sall, say no moreabout it."
my father continued for some time to smoke his pipe, and my mother topipe her eye, until at last my father, who was really a kind-heartedman, rose from the chest upon which he was seated, went to the cupboard,poured out a teacupful of _gin_, and handed it to my mother.
it waskindly done of him, and my mother was to be won by kindness.
it was apure offering in the spirit, and taken in the spirit in which it wasoffered.
after a few repetitions, which were rendered necessary fromits potency being diluted with her tears, grief and recollection weredrowned together, and disappeared like two lovers who sink down entwinedin each other's arms.
with this beautiful metaphor, i shall wind up the episode of myunfortunate brother joe.
it was about a year after the loss of my brother that i was ushered intothe world, without any other assistants or spectators than my father anddame nature, who i believe to be a very clever midwife if not interferedwith.
my father, who had some faint ideas of christianity, performedthe baptismal rites by crossing me on the forehead with the end of hispipe, and calling me jacob: as for my mother being churched, she hadnever been but once to church in her life.
in fact, my father andmother never quitted the lighter, unless when the former was called outby the superintendent or proprietor, at the delivery or shipment of acargo, or was once a month for a few minutes on shore to purchasenecessaries.
i cannot recall much of my infancy; but i recollect thatthe lighter was often very brilliant with blue and red paint, and thatmy mother used to point it out to me as "so pretty," to keep me quiet.
i shall therefore pass it over, and commence at the age of five years,at which early period i was of some little use to my father.
indeed iwas almost as forward as some boys at ten.
this may appear strange; butthe fact is, that my ideas although bounded, were concentrated.
thelighter, its equipments, and its destination were the microcosm of myinfant imagination; and my ideas and thoughts being directed to so fewobjects, these objects were deeply impressed, and their value fullyunderstood.
up to the time that i quitted the lighter, at eleven yearsold, the banks of the river were the boundaries of my speculations.
icertainly comprehended something of the nature of trees and houses; buti do not think that i was aware that the former _grew_.
from the timethat i could recollect them on the banks of the river, they appeared tobe exactly of the same size as they were when first i saw them, and iasked no questions.
but by the time that i was ten years old, i knewthe name of the reach of the river, and every point--the depth of water,and the shallows, the drift of the current, and the ebb and flow of thetide itself.
i was able to manage the lighter as it floated down withthe tide; for what i lacked in strength i made up with dexterity arisingfrom constant practice.
it was at the age of eleven years that a catastrophe took place whichchanged my prospects in life, and i must, therefore, say a little moreabout my father and mother, bringing up their history to that period.
the propensity of my mother to ardent spirits had, as always is thecase, greatly increased upon her, and her corpulence had increased inthe same ratio.
she was now a most unwieldy, bloated mountain of flesh,such a form as i have never since beheld, although, at the time, she didnot appear to me to be disgusting, accustomed to witness imperceptiblyher increase, and not seeing any other females, except at a distance.
for the last two years she had seldom quitted her bed--certainly she didnot crawl out of the cabin more than five minutes during the week--indeed, her obesity and habitual intoxication rendered her incapable.
my father went on shore for a quarter of an hour once a month, topurchase gin, tobacco, red herrings, and decayed ship-biscuits;--thelatter was my principal fare, except when i could catch a fish over thesides, as we lay at anchor.
i was, therefore, a great water-drinker,not altogether from choice, but from the salt nature of my food, andbecause my mother had still sense enough left to discern that "ginwasn't good for little boys."
but a great change had taken place in myfather.
i was now left almost altogether in charge of the deck, myfather seldom coming up except to assist me in shooting the bridges, orwhen it required more than my exertions to steer clear of the crowds ofvessels which we encountered when between them.
in fact, as i grew morecapable, my father became more incapable, and passed most of his time inthe cabin, assisting my mother in emptying the great stone bottle.
thewoman had prevailed upon the man, and now both were guilty in partakingof the forbidden fruit of the juniper tree.
such was the state ofaffairs in our little kingdom when the catastrophe occurred which i amnow about to relate.
one fine summer's evening we were floating up with the tide, deeplyladen with coals, to be delivered at the proprietor's wharf, somedistance above putney bridge; a strong breeze sprang up and checked ourprogress, and we could not, as we expected, gain the wharf that night.
we were about a mile and a half above the bridge when the tide turnedagainst us, and we dropped our anchor.
my father who, expecting toarrive that evening, had very unwillingly remained sober, waiting untilthe lighter had swung to the stream, and then saying to me, "remember,jacob, we must be at the wharf early tomorrow morning, so keep alive,"went into the cabin to indulge in his potations, leaving me inpossession of the deck, and also of my supper, which i never ate below,the little cabin being so unpleasantly close.
indeed, i took all mymeals _al fresco_, and, unless the nights were intensely cold, slept ondeck, in the capacious dog-kennel abaft, which had once been tenanted bythe large mastiff; but he had been dead some years, was thrownoverboard, and, in all probability, had been converted into savourysausages at 1 shilling per pound weight.
some time after his decease, ihad taken possession of his apartment and had performed his duty.
i hadfinished my supper, which was washed down with a considerable portion ofthames water, for i always drank more when above the bridges, having anidea that it tasted more pure and fresh.
i had walked forward andlooked at the cable to see if all was right, and then, having nothingmore to do, i lay down on the deck, and indulged in the profoundspeculations of a boy of eleven years old.
i was watching the starsabove me, which twinkled faintly, and appeared to me ever and anon to beextinguished and then relighted.
i was wondering what they could bemade of, and how they came there, when of a sudden i was interrupted inmy reveries by a loud shriek, and perceived a strong smell of somethingburning.
the shrieks were renewed again and again, and i had hardlytime to get upon my legs when my father burst up from the cabin, rushedover the side of the lighter, and disappeared under the water.
i caughta glimpse of his features as he passed me, and observed fright andintoxication blended together.
i ran to the side where he haddisappeared, but could see nothing but a few eddying circles as the tiderushed quickly past.
for a few seconds i remained staggered andstupefied at his sudden disappearance and evident death, but i wasrecalled to recollection by the smoke which encompassed me, and theshrieks of my mother, which were now fainter and fainter, and i hastenedto her assistance.
a strong, empyreumatic, thick smoke ascended from the hatchway of thecabin, and, as it had now fallen calm, it mounted straight up the air ina dense column.
i attempted to go in, but so soon as i encountered thesmoke i found that it was impossible; it would have suffocated me inhalf a minute.
i did what most children would have done in such asituation of excitement and distress--i sat down and cried bitterly.
inabout ten minutes i moved my hands, with which i had covered up my face,and looked at the cabin hatch.
the smoke had disappeared, and all wassilent.
i went to the hatchway, and although the smell was stilloverpowering, i found that i could bear it.
i descended the littleladder of three steps, and called "mother!"
but there was no answer.
the lamp fixed against the after bulk-head, with a glass before it, wasstill alight, and i could see plainly to every corner of the cabin.
nothing was burning--not even the curtains to my mother's bed appearedto be singed.
i was astonished--breathless with fear, with a tremblingvoice, i again called out "mother!"
i remained more than a minutepanting for breath, and then ventured to draw back the curtains of thebed--my mother was not there!
but there appeared to be a black mass inthe centre of the bed.
i put my hand fearfully upon it--it was a sortof unctuous, pitchy cinder.
i screamed with horror--my little sensesreeled--i staggered from the cabin and fell down on the deck in a stateamounting almost to insanity: it was followed by a sort of stupor, whichlasted for many hours.
as the reader may be in some doubt as to the occasion of my mother'sdeath, i must inform him that she perished in that very peculiar anddreadful manner, which does sometimes, although rarely, occur, to thosewho indulge in an immoderate use of spirituous liquors.
cases of thiskind do, indeed, present themselves but once in a century, but theoccurrence of them is too well authenticated.
she perished from what istermed _spontaneous combustion_, an inflammation of the gases generatedfrom the spirits absorbed into the system.
it is to be presumed thatthe flames issuing from my mother's body completely frightened out ofhis senses my father, who had been drinking freely; and thus did i loseboth my parents, one by fire and the other by water, at one and the sametime.
i fulfil the last injunctions of my father, and i am embarked upon a newelement--first bargain in my life very profitable--first parting withold friends very painful--first introduction into civilised life veryunsatisfactory to all parties.
it was broad daylight when i awoke from my state of bodily and mentalimbecility.
for some time i could not recall to my mind all that hadhappened: the weight which pressed upon my feelings told me that it wassomething dreadful.
at length, the cabin hatch, still open, caught myeye; i recalled all the horrors of the preceding evening, andrecollected that i was left alone in the lighter.
i got up and stood onmy feet in mute despair.
i looked around me--the mist of the morningwas hanging over the river, and the objects on shore were withdifficulty to be distinguished.
i was chilled from lying all night inthe heavy dew, and, perhaps, still more from previous and extraordinaryexcitement.
venture to go down into the cabin i dare not.
i had anindescribable awe, a degree of horror at what i had seen, that made itimpossible; still i was unsatisfied, and would have given worlds, if ihad had them, to explain the mystery.
i turned my eyes from the cabinhatch to the water, thought of my father, and then, for more than halfan hour, watched the tide as it ran up--my mind in a state of vacancy.
as the sun rose, the mist gradually cleared away; trees, houses, andgreen fields, other barges coming up with the tide, boats passing andrepassing, the barking of dogs, the smoke issuing from the variouschimneys, all broke upon me by degrees; and i was recalled to the sensethat i was in a busy world, and had my own task to perform.
the lastwords of my father--and his injunctions had ever been a law to me--were,"mind, jacob, we must be up at the wharf early to-morrow morning."
iprepared to obey him.
purchase the anchor i could not; i thereforeslipped the cable, lashing a broken sweep to the end of it, as abuoy-rope, and once more the lighter was at the mercy of the stream,guided by a boy of eleven years old.
in about two hours i was within ahundred yards of the wharf, and well in-shore, i hailed for assistance,and two men, who were on board of the lighters moored at the wharf,pushed off in a skiff to know what it was that i wanted.
i told themthat i was alone in the lighter, without anchor or cable, and requestedthem to secure her.
they came on board, and in a few minutes thelighter was safe alongside of the others.
as soon as the lashings werepassed, they interrogated me as to what had happened, but although thefulfilling of my father's last injunctions had borne up my spirits, nowthat they were obeyed a reaction took place.
i could not answer them; ithrew myself down on the deck in a paroxysm of grief, and cried as if myheart would break.
the men, who were astonished, not only at my conduct but at finding mealone in the lighter, went on shore to the clerk, and stated thecircumstances.
he returned with them, and would have interrogated me,but my paroxysm was not yet over, and my replies, broken my sobs, wereunintelligible.
the clerk and the two men went down into the cabin,returned hastily, and quitted the lighter.
in about a quarter of anhour i was sent for, and conducted to the house of the proprietor--thefirst time in my life that i had ever put my foot on _terra firma_.
iwas led into the parlour, where i found the proprietor at breakfast withhis wife and his daughter, a little girl nine years old.
by this time ihad recovered myself, and on being interrogated, told my story clearlyand succinctly, while the big tears coursed each other down my dirtyface.
"how strange and how horrible!"
said the lady to her husband; "i cannotunderstand it even now."
"nor can i; but still it is true, from what johnson the clerk haswitnessed."
in the meantime my eyes were directed to every part of the room, whichappeared to my ignorance as a golcondo of wealth and luxury.
there werefew things which i had seen before, but i had an innate idea that theywere of value.
the silver tea-pot, the hissing urn, the spoons, thepictures in their frames, every article of furniture caught my wonderingeye, and for a short time i had forgotten my father and my mother; but iwas recalled from my musing speculations by the proprietor inquiring howfar i had brought the lighter without assistance.
"have you any friends, my poor boy?"
inquired the lady.
no relations onshore?"
"i never was on shore before in my life."
"do you know that you are a destitute orphan?"
"that you have no father or mother," said the little girl.
"well," replied i, in my father's words, having no answer moreappropriate, "it's no use crying; what's done can't be helped."
"but what do you intend to do now?"
inquired the proprietor, lookinghard at me after my previous answer.
"don't know, i'm sure.
take, it coolly," replied i, whimpering.
"what a very odd child!"
observed the lady.
"is he aware of the extentof his misfortune?"
"better luck next time, missus," repled i, wiping my eyes with the backof my hand.
"what strange answers from a child who has shown so much feeling,"observed the proprietor to his wife.
"what is your name."
"can you write or read?"
"no," replied i, again using my father's words: "no, i can't--i wish icould."
"very well, my poor boy, we'll see what's to be done," said theproprietor.
"i know what's to be done," rejoined i; "you must send a couple of handsto get the anchor and cable, afore they cut the buoy adrift."
"you are right, my lad, that must be done immediately," said theproprietor; "but now you had better go down with sarah into the kitchen;cook will take care of you.
sarah, my love, take him down to cook."
the little girl beckoned me to follow her.
i was astonished at thelength and variety of the _companion-ladders_, for such i considered thestairs, and was at last landed below, when little sarah, giving cook theinjunction to take care of me, again tripped lightly up to her mother.
i found the signification of "take care of any one" very different onshore from what it was on the river, where taking care of you meansgetting out of your way, and giving you a wide berth; and i found theshore reading much more agreeable.
cook did take care of me; she was akind-hearted, fat woman who melted at a tale of woe, although the firemade no impression on her.
i not only beheld, but i devoured, suchthings as never before entered into my mouth or my imagination.
griefhad not taken away my appetite.
i stopped occasionally to cry a little,wiped my eyes, and sat down again.
it was more than two hours before ilaid down my knife, and not until strong symptoms of suffocation playedround the regions of my trachea did i cry out, "hold, enough."
somebodyhas made an epigram about the vast ideas which a miser's horse must havehad of corn.
i doubt, if such ideas were existent, whether they were atall equal to my astonishment at a leg of mutton.
i never had seen sucha piece of meat before, and wondered if it were fresh or otherwise.
after such reflection i naturally felt inclined to sleep; in a fewminutes i was snoring upon two chairs, cook having covered me up withher apron to keep away the flies.
thus was i fairly embarked upon a newelement to me--my mother earth; and it may be just as well to examinenow into the capital i possessed for my novel enterprise.
in person iwas well-looking; i was well-made, strong, and active.
of myhabiliments the less said the better; i had a pair of trousers with noseat to them; but this defect, when i stood up, was hid by my jacket,composed of an old waistcoat of my father's, which reached down as lowas the morning frocks worn in those days.
a shirt of coarse duck, and afur cap, which was as rough and ragged as if it had been the hide of acat pulled to pieces by dogs, completed my attire.
shoes and stockingsi had none; these supernumerary appendages had never confined the actionof my feet.
my mental acquisitions were not much more valuable; theyconsisted of a tolerable knowledge of the depth of water, names ofpoints and reaches in the river thames, all of which was not veryavailable on dry land--of a few hieroglyphics of my father's, which, asthe crier says sometimes, winding up his oration, were of "no use tonobody but the owner."
add to the above the three favourite maxims ofmy taciturn father, which were indelibly imprinted upon my memory, andyou have the whole inventory of my stock-in-trade.
these three maximswere, i may say, incorporated into my very system, so continually hadthey been quoted to me during my life; and before i went to sleep thatnight they were again conned over.
"what's done can't be helped,"consoled me for the mishaps of my life; "better luck next time," made melook forward with hope and, "take it coolly," was a subject of greatreflection, until i feel into a deep sleep; for i had sufficientpenetration to observe that my father had lost his life by not adheringto his own principles; and this perception only rendered my belief inthe infallibility of these maxims to be even still more steadfast.
i have stated what was my father's legacy, and the reader will supposethat from the maternal side the acquisition was _nil_.
directly suchwas the case, but indirectly she proved a very good mother to me, andthat was by the very extraordinary way in which she had quitted theworld.
had she met with a common death, she would have been worthnothing.
burke himself would not have been able to dispose of her; butdying as she did, her ashes were the source of wealth.
the bed, withher remains lying in the centre, even the curtains of the bed, were allbrought on shore, and locked up in an outhouse.
the coroner came downin a post-chaise and four, charged to the country; the jury wasempanelled, my evidence was taken, surgeons and apothecaries attendedfrom far and near to give their opinions, and after much examination,much arguing, and much disagreement, the verdict was brought in that shedied through "the visitation of god."
as this, in other phraseology,implies that "god only knows how she died," it was agreed to _neminecontradicente_, and gave universal satisfaction.
but the extraordinarycircumstance was spread everywhere, with all due amplifications, andthousands flocked to the wharfinger's yard to witness the effects ofspontaneous combustion.
the proprietor immediately perceived that hecould avail himself of the public curiosity to my advantage.
a plate,with some silver and gold, was placed at the foot of my poor mother'sflock mattress, with, "for the benefit of the orphan," in capital text,placarded above it; and many were the shillings, half-crowns, and evenlarger sums which were dropped into it by the spectators, who shudderedas they turned away from this awful specimen of the effects of habitualintoxication.
for many days did the exhibition continue, during whichtime i was domiciled with the cook, who employed me in scouring hersaucepans, and any other employment in which my slender services mightbe useful, little thinking at the time that my poor mother was holdingher levee for my advantage.
on the eleventh day the exhibition wasclosed, and i was summoned upstairs by the proprietor, whom i found incompany with a little gentleman in black.
this was a surgeon who hadoffered a sum of money for my mother's remains, bed and curtains, in alot.
the proprietor was willing to get rid of them in so advantageous amanner, but did not conceive that he was justified in taking this step,although for my benefit, without first consulting me, as heir-at-law.
"jacob," said he, "this gentleman offers 20 pounds, which is a greatdeal of money, for the ashes of your poor mother.
have you anyobjection to let him have them?"
"what do you want 'em for?"
"i wish to keep them, and take great care of them," answered he.
"well," replied i, after a little consideration, "if you'll take care ofthe old woman, you may have her,"--and the bargain was concluded.
singular that the first bargain i ever made in my life should be that ofselling my own mother.
the proceeds of the exhibition and sale amountedto 47 pounds odd, which the worthy proprietor of the lighter, afterdeducting for a suit of clothes, laid up for my use.
thus ends thehistory of my mother's remains, which proved more valuable to me thanever she did when living.
in her career she somewhat reversed the caseof semele, who was first visited in a shower of gold, and eventuallyperished in the fiery embraces of the god: whereas my poor motherperished first by the same element, and the shower of gold descended toher only son.
but this is easily explained.
semele was very lovely anddid not drink gin--my mother was her complete antithesis.
when i was summoned to my master's presence to arrange the contract withthe surgeon, i had taken off the waistcoat which i wore as a garmentover all, that i might be more at my ease in chopping some wood for thecook, and the servant led me up at once, without giving me time to putit on.
after i had given my consent, i turned away to go downstairsagain, when having, as i before observed, no seat to my trousers, thesolution of continuity was observed by a little spaniel, who jumped fromthe sofa, and arriving at a certain distance, stood at bay, and barkedmost furiously at the exposure.
he had been bred among respectablepeople, and had never seen such an expose.
mr drummond, theproprietor, observed the defect pointed out by the dog, and forthwith iwas ordered to be suited with a new suit--certainly not before they wererequired.
in twenty-four hours i was thrust into a new garment by abandy-legged tailor, assisted by my friend the cook, and turn or twistwhichever way i pleased, decency was never violated.
a new suit ofclothes is generally an object of ambition, and flatters the vanity ofyoung and old; but with me it was far otherwise.
encumbered with mynovel apparel, i experienced at once feelings of restraint and sorrow.
my shoes hurt me, my worsted stockings irritated the skin, and as i hadbeen accustomed to hereditarily succeed to my father's cast-off skins,which were a world too wide for my shanks, having but few ideas, itappeared to me as if i had swelled out to the size of the clothes whichi had been accustomed to wear, not that they had been reduced to mydimensions.
i fancied myself a man, but was very much embarrassed withmy manhood.
every step that i took i felt as if i was checked back bystrings.
i could not swing my arms as i was wont to do, and tottered inmy shoes like a rickety child.
my old apparel had been consigned to thedust-hole by cook, and often during the day would i pass, casting alonging eye at it, wishing that i dare recover it, and exchange it forthat which i wore.
i knew the value of it, and, like the magician inaladdin's tale, would have offered new lamps for old ones, cheerfullysubmitting to ridicule, that i might have repossessed my treasure.
with the kitchen and its apparatus i was now quite at home: but at everyother part of the house and furniture i was completely puzzled.
everything appeared to me foreign, strange, and unnatural, and prince leboo, or any other savage, never stared or wondered more than i did.
ofmost things i knew not the use, of many not even the names.
i wasliterally a savage, but still a kind and docile one.
the day after mynew clothes had been put on, i was summoned into the parlour.
mrdrummond and his wife surveyed me in my altered habiliments, and amusedthemselves at my awkwardness, at the same time that they admired mywell-knit, compact, and straight figure, set off by a fit, in my opinionmuch too straight.
their little daughter sarah, who often spoke to me,went up and whispered to her mother.
"you must ask papa," was thereply.
another whisper, and a kiss, and mr drummond told me i shoulddine with them.
in a few minutes i followed them into the dining-roomand for the first time i was seated to a repast which could boast ofsome of the supernumerary comforts of civilised life.
there i sat,perched on a chair with my feet swinging close to the carpet, glowingwith heat from the compression of my clothes and the novelty of mysituation, and all that was around me.
mr drummond helped me to somescalding soup, a silver spoon was put into my hand, which i twistedround and round, looking at my face reflected in miniature on itspolish.
"now, jacob, you must eat the soup with the spoon," said little sarah,laughing; "we shall all be done.
"take it coolly," replied i, digging my spoon into the burningpreparation, and tossing it into my mouth.
it burst forth from mytortured throat in a diverging shower, accompanied with a howl of pain.
"the poor boy has scalded his mouth," cried the lady, pouring out atumbler of water.
"it's no use crying," replied i, blubbering with all my might; "what'sdone can't be helped."
"better that you had not been helped," observed mr drummond, wiping offhis share of my liberal spargification from his coat and waistcoat.
"the poor boy has been shamefully neglected," observed the good-naturedmrs drummond.
"come, jacob, sit down and try it again; it will notburn you now."
"better luck next time," said i, shoving in a portion of it, with agreat deal of tremulous hesitation, and spilling one-half of it in itstransit.
it was now cool, but i did not get on very fast; i held myspoon awry, and soiled my clothes.
mrs drummond interfered, and kindly showed me how to proceed; when mrdrummond said, "let the boy eat it after his own fashion, my dear--onlybe quick, jacob, for we are waiting."
"then i see no good losing so much of it, taking it in tale," observedi, "when i can ship it all in bulk in a minute."
i laid down my spoon,and stooping my head, applied my mouth to the edge of the plate, andsucked the remainder down my throat without spilling a drop.
i lookedup for approbation, and was very much astonished to hear mrs drummondquietly observe, "that is not the way to eat soup."
i made so many blunders during the meal that little sarah was in acontinued roar of laughter; and i felt so miserable, that i heartilywished myself again in my dog-kennel on board of the lighter, gnawingbiscuit in all the happiness of content and dignity of simplicity.
forthe first time i felt the pangs of humiliation.
ignorance is not alwaysdebasing.
on board of the lighter, i was sufficient for myself, mycompany, and my duties.
i felt an elasticity of mind, a respect formyself, and a consciousness of power, as the immense mass was guidedthrough the waters by my single arm.
there, without being able toanalyse my feelings, i was a spirit guiding a little world; and now, atthis table, and in company with rational and well-informed beings, ifelt humiliated and degraded; my heart was overflowing with shame, andat one unusual loud laugh of the little sarah, the heaped up measure ofmy anguish overflowed, and i burst into a passion of tears.
as i laywith my head upon the table-cloth, regardless of those decencies i hadso much feared, and awake only to a deep sense of wounded pride, eachsob coming from the very core of my heart, i felt a soft breathing warmupon my cheek, that caused me to look up timidly, and i beheld theglowing and beautiful face of little sarah, her eyes filled with tears,looking so softly and beseechingly at me, that i felt at once i was ofsome value, and panted to be of more.
"i won't laugh at you any more," said she; "so don't cry, jacob."
"no more i will," replied i, cheering up.
she remained standing by me,and i felt grateful.
"the first time i get a piece of wood," whisperedi, "i'll cut you out a barge."
"that boy has a heart," said mr drummond to his wife.
"but will it swim, jacob?"
inquired the little girl.
"yes, and if it's _lopsided_, call me a lubber."
"what's lopsided, and what's a lubber?"
"why, don't you know?"
cried i; and i felt my confidence return when ifound that in this little instance i knew more than she did.
i am sent to a charity school, where the boys do not consider charity asa part of their education--the peculiarities of the master, and themagical effect of a blow of the nose--a disquisition upon the letter a,from which i find all my previous learning thrown away.
before i quitted the room, sarah and i were in deep converse at thewindow, and mr and mrs drummond employed likewise at the table.
theresult of the conversation between sarah and me was the intimacy ofchildren; that of mr and mrs drummond, that the sooner i was disposedof, the more it would be for my own advantage.
having some interestwith the governors of a charity school near brentford, mr drummond lostno time in procuring me admission; and before i had quite spoiled my newclothes, having worn them nearly three weeks, i was suited afresh in aformal attire--a long coat of pepper and salt, yellow leather breechestied at the knees, a worsted cap with a tuft on the top of it, stockingsand shoes to match, and a large pewter plate upon my breast, marked withnumber 63, which, as i was the last entered boy, indicated the sum totalof the school.
it was with regret that i left the abode of thedrummonds, who did not think it advisable to wait for the completion ofthe barge, much to the annoyance of miss drummond, and before we arrivedmet them all out walking.
i was put into the ranks, received a littlegood advice from my worthy patron, who then walked away one way, whilewe walked another, looking like a regiment of yellow-thighed field-faresstraightened in human perpendiculars.
behold, then, the last scion ofthe faithfuls, peppered, salted, and plated, that all the world mightknow that he was a charity-boy, and that there was charity in thisworld.
but if heroes, kings, great and grave men, must yield todestiny, lighter-boys cannot be expected to escape; and i was doomed toreceive an education, board, lodging, raiment, etcetera, free, gratis,and for nothing.
every society has it chief; and i was about to observe that every circlehas it centre, which certainly would have been true enough, but thecomparison is of no use to me, as our circle had two centres, or, tofollow up the first idea, had two chiefs--the chief schoolmaster and thechief domestic--the chief masculine and the chief feminine--the chiefwith the ferula, and the chief with the brimstone and treacle--themaster and the matron, each of whom had their appendages--the one in theusher, the other in the assistant housemaid.
but of this quartette, themaster was not only the most important, but the most worthy ofdescription; and as he will often appear in the pages of my narrative,long after my education was complete, i shall be very particular in mydescription of dominie dobiensis, as he delighted to be called, ordreary dobs, as his dutiful scholars delighted to call him.
as in ourschool it was necessary that we should be instructed in reading,writing, and ciphering, the governors had selected the dominie as themost fitting person that had offered for the employment, because he had,in the first place, written a work that nobody could understand upon thegreek particles; secondly, he had proved himself a great mathematician,having, it is said, squared the circle by algebraical false quantities,but would never show the operation for fear of losing the honour bytreachery.
he had also discovered as many errors in the demonstrationsof euclid as ever did joey hume in army and navy estimates, and with asmuch benefit to the country at large.
he was a man who breathedcertainly in the present age, but the half of his life was spent inantiquity or algebra.
once carried away by a problem, or a greekreminiscence, he passed away, as it were, from his present existence,and everything was unheeded.
his body remained, and breathed on hisdesk, but his soul was absent.
this peculiarity was well known to theboys, who used to say, "dominie is in his dreams, and talks in hissleep."
dominie dobiensis left reading and writing to the usher, contrary to theregulations of the school, putting the boys, if possible, intomathematics, latin, and greek.
the usher was not over competent toteach the two first; the boys not over willing to learn the latter.
themaster was too clever, the usher too ignorant; hence the scholarsprofited little.
the dominie was grave and irascible, but he possesseda fund of drollery and the kindest heart.
his features could not laugh,but his trachea did.
the chuckle rose no higher than the rings of thewind-pipe, and then it was vigorously thrust back again by the impulseof gravity into the region of his heart, and gladdened it with hiddenmirth in its dark centre.
the dominie loved a pun; whether it was letoff in english, greek, or latin.
the last two were made by nobody buthimself, and not being understood, were, of course, relished by himselfalone.
but his love of a pun was a serious attachment: he loved it witha solemn affection--with him it was no laughing matter.
in person dominie dobiensis was above six feet, all bone and sinews.
his face was long and his lineaments large; but his predominant featurewas his nose, which, large as were the others, bore them down intoinsignificance.
it was a prodigy--a ridicule; but he consoled himself--ovid was called naso.
it was not an aquiline nose, nor was it anaquiline nose reversed.
it was not a nose snubbed at the extremity,gross, heavy, or carbuncled, or fluting.
in all its magnitude ofproportions, it was an intellectual nose.
it was thin, horny,transparent, and sonorous.
its snuffle was consequential and its sneezeoracular.
the very sight of it was impressive; its sound, when blown inschool hours, was ominous.
but the scholars loved the nose for thewarning which it gave: like the rattle of the dreaded snake, whichannounces its presence, so did the nose indicate to the scholars thatthey were to be on their guard.
the dominie would attend to this worldand its duties for an hour or two, and then forget his scholars and hisschool-room, while he took a journey into the world of greek or algebra.
then, when he marked _x_, _y_, and _z_, in his calculations, the boysknew that he was safe, and their studies were neglected.
reader, did you ever witness the magic effects of a drum in a smallvillage, when the recruiting party, with many-coloured ribbons, rouse itup with a spirit-stirring tattoo?
matrons leave their domestic cares,and run to the cottage door: peeping over their shoulders, the maidensadmire and fear.
the shuffling clowns raise up their heads gradually,until they stand erect and proud; the slouch in the back is taken out,their heavy walk is changed to a firm yet elastic tread, every muscleappears more braced, every nerve, by degrees, new strung; the bloodcirculates rapidly: pulses quicken, hearts throb, eyes brighten, and asthe martial sound pervades their rustic frames, the cimons of the ploughare converted, as if by magic, into incipient heroes for the field;--andall this is produced by beating the skin of the most gentle, mostharmless animal of creation.
not having at hand the simile synthetical, we have resorted to theantithetical.
the blowing of the dominie's nose produced the verycontrary effects.
it was a signal that he had returned from hisintellectual journal, and was once more in his school-room--that themaster had finished with his _x_, _y_, _z_'s, and it was time forscholars to mind their _p_'s and _q_'s.
at this note of warning, likethe minute-roll among the troops, every one fell into his place;half-munched apples were thrust into the first pocket--popgunsdisappeared--battles were left to be decided elsewhere--books wereopened, and eyes directed to them--forms that were fidgeting andtwisting in all directions, now took one regimental inclined positionover the desk--silence was restored, order resumed her reign, and mrknapps, the usher, who always availed himself of these interregnums, aswell as the scholars, by deserting to the matron's room, warned by thewell-known sound, hastened to the desk of toil; such were theastonishing effects of a blow from dominie dobiensis' sonorous andpeace-restoring nose.
"jacob faithful, draw near," were the first words which struck upon mytympanum the next morning, when i had taken my seat at the further endof the school-room.
i rose and threaded my way through two lines ofboys, who put out their legs to trip me up in my passage through theirranks; and surmounting all difficulties, found myself within three feetof the master's high desk, or pulpit, from which he looked down upon melike the olympian jupiter upon mortals, in ancient time.
"jacob faithful, canst thou read?"
"no, i can't," replied i; "i wish i could."
"a well-disposed answer, jacob; thy wishes shall be gratified.
knowestthou thine alphabet?"
"i don't know what that is."
"then thou knowest it not.
mr knapps shall forthwith instruct thee.
thou shall forthwith go to mr knapps, who inculcateth the rudiments.
_levior puer_, lighter-boy, thou hast a _crafty_ look."
and then iheard a noise in his throat that resembled the "cluck, cluck" when mypoor mother poured the gin out of the great stone bottle.
"my little navilculator," continued he, "thou art a weed washed onshore, one of father thames' cast-up wrecks.
`_fluviorum rexeridanus_,' [chuck, cluck.]
to thy studies; be thyself--that is, befaithful.
mr knapps, let the cadmean art proceed forthwith."
sosaying, dominie dobiensis thrust his large hand into his right coatpocket, in which he kept his snuff loose, and taking a large pinch (themajor part of which, the stock being low, was composed of hair andcotton abrasions which had collected in the corners of his pocket), hecalled up the first class, while mr knapps called me to my firstlesson.
mr knapps was a thin, hectic-looking young man, apparently nineteen ortwenty years of age, very small in all his proportions, red ferret eyes,and without the least sign of incipient manhood; but he was very savage,nevertheless.
not being permitted to pummel the boys when the dominiewas in the school-room, he played the tyrant most effectually when hewas left commanding officer.
the noise and hubbub certainly warrantedhis interference--the respect paid to him was positively _nil_.
hispractice was to select the most glaring delinquent, and let fly hisruler at him, with immediate orders to bring it back.
these orders werecomplied with for more than one reason; in the first place, was theoffender hit, he was glad that another should have his turn; in thesecond, mr knapps being a very bad shot (never having drove akamschatdale team of dogs), he generally missed the one he aimed at, andhit some other, who, if he did not exactly deserve it at that moment,certainly did for previous, or would for subsequent, delinquencies.
inthe latter case, the ruler was brought back to him because there was noinjury inflicted, although intended.
however, be it as it may, theruler was always returned to him; and thus did mr knapps pelt the boysas if they were cocks on shrove tuesday, to the great risk of theirheads and limbs.
i have little further to say of mr knapps, exceptthat he wore a black shalloon loose coat; on the left sleeve of which hewiped his pen, and upon the right, but too often, his ever-snivellingnose.
"what is that, boy?"
said mr knapps, pointing to the letter a.i looked attentively, and recognising, as i thought, one of my father'shieroglyphics, replied, "that's half-a-bushel;" and i was certainlywarranted in my supposition.
you're more than half a fool.
that's the letter _a_."
"no; it's half-a-bushel; father told me so."
"then your father was as big a fool as yourself."
"father knew what half-a-bushel was, and so do i: that's half-a-bushel."
"i tell you it's the letter a," cried mr knapps, in a rage.
"it's half-a-bushel," replied i, doggedly.
i persisted in my assertion:and mr knapps, who dared not punish me while the dominie was present,descended his throne of one step, and led me up to the master.
"i can do nothing with this boy, sir," said he, red as fire; "he deniesthe first letter in the alphabet, and insists upon it that the letter ais not a, but half-a-bushel."
"dost thou, in thine ignorance, pretend to teach when thou comest hereto learn, jacob faithful?"
"father always told me that that thing there meant half-a-bushel."
"thy father might, perhaps, have used that letter to signify the measurewhich thou speakest of, in the same way as i, in my mathematics, usedivers letters for known and unknown quantities; but thou must forgetthat which thy father taught thee, and commence _de novo_.
"no, i don't."
"then, little jacob, that represents the letter a, and whatever else mrknapps may tell thee, thou wilt believe.
return, jacob, and be docile."
sleight-of-hand at the expense of my feet--filling a man's pockets asgreat an offence as picking them, and punished accordingly--a turn out,a turn up, and a turn in--early impressions removed, and redundancy offeeling corrected by a spell of the rattan.
i did not quit mr knapps until i had run through the alphabet, and thenreturned to my place, that i might con it over at my leisure, puzzlingmyself with the strange complexity of forms of which the alphabet wascomposed.
i felt heated and annoyed by the constraint of my shoes,always an object of aversion from the time i had put them on.
i drew myfoot out of one, then out of the other, and thought no more of them forsome time.
in the meanwhile the boys next me had passed them on withtheir feet to the others, and thus were they shuffled along until theywere right up to the master's desk.
i missed them, and perceiving thatthere was mirth at my expense, i narrowly and quietly watched up anddown till i perceived one of the head boys of the school, who satnearest the dominie, catch up one of my shoes, and the dominie beingthen in an absent fit, drop it into his coat-pocket.
a short timeafterwards he got up, went to mr knapps, put a question to him, andwhile it was being answered, he dropped the other into the pocket of theusher, and tittering to the other boys, returned to his seat.
i saidnothing; but when the hours of school were over, the dominie looked athis watch, blew his nose, which made the whole of the boys pop up theirheads, like the clansmen of roderick dhu, when summoned by his horn,folded up his large pocket-hankerchief slowly and reverently, as if itwere a banner, put it into his pocket, and uttered in a solemn tone,"_tempus est ludendi_."
as this latin phrase was used every day at thesame hour, every boy in the school understood so much latin.
a rushfrom all the desks ensured, and amidst shouting, yelling, and leapingevery soul disappeared except myself, who remained fixed to my form.
the dominie rose from his pulpit and descended, the usher did the same,and both approached me on their way to their respective apartments.
"jacob faithful, why still porest thou over thy book--didst thou notunderstand that the hours of recreation had arrived?
why risest thounot upon thy feet like the others?"
"'cause i've got no shoes."
"and where are thy shoes, jacob?"
"one's in your pocket," replied i "and t'other's in his'n."
each party placed their hands behind, and felt the truth of theassertion.
"expound, jacob," said the dominie, "who hath done this?"
"the big boy with the red hair, and a face picked all over with holeslike the strainers in master's kitchen," replied i.
"mr knapps, it would be _infra dig_ on my part, and also on yours, tosuffer this disrespect to pass unnoticed.
ring in the boys."
the boys were rung in, and i was desired to point out the offender,which i immediately did, and who as stoutly denied the offence; but hehad abstracted my shoe-strings, and put them into his own shoes.
irecognised them and it was sufficient.
"barnaby bracegirdle," said the dominie, "thou art convicted, not onlyof disrespect towards me and mr knapps, but further of the grievous sinof lying.
simon swapps, let him be hoisted."
he was hoisted: his nether garments descended, and then the birchdescend with all the vigour of the dominie's muscular arm.
barnabybracegirdle showed every symptom of his disapproval of the measurestaken; but simon swapps held fast, and the dominie flogged fast.
aftera minute's flagellation, barnaby was let down, his yellow tights pulledup, and the boys dismissed.
barnaby's face was red, but the antipodeswere redder.
the dominie departed, leaving us together,--he adjustinghis inexpressibles, i putting in my shoe-strings.
by the time barnabyhad buttoned up and wiped his eyes, i had succeeded in standing in myshoes.
there we were _tete-a-tete_.
"now, then," said barnaby, holding one fist to my face, while, with theother open hand he rubbed behind, "come out in the play-ground, mr_cinderella_, and see if i won't drub you within an inch of your life."
"it's no use crying," said i, soothingly: for i had not wished him to beflogged.
"what's done can't be helped.
did it hurt you much?"
this intended consolation was taken for sarcasm.
"take it coolly," observed i.barnaby waxed even more wroth.
"better luck next time," continued i, trying to soothe him.
barnaby was outrageous--he shook his fist and ran into the play-ground,daring me to follow him.
his threats had no weight with me; not wishingto remain indoors, i followed him in a minute or two, when i found himsurrounded by the other boys, to whom he was in loud and vehementharangue.
"cinderella, where's your glass slippers?"
cried the boys, as i made myappearance.
"come out, you water-rat," cried barnaby, "you son of a cinder!"
"come out and fight him, or else you're a coward!"
exclaimed the wholehost, from number 1 to number 62, inclusive.
"he has had beating enough already to my mind," replied i; "but he hadbetter not touch me--i can use my arms."
a ring was formed, in the centre of which i found barnaby and myself.
he took off his clothes, and i did the same.
he was much older andstronger than i, and knew something about fighting.
one boy cameforward as my second.
barnaby advanced and held out his hand, which ishook heartily, thinking it was all over: but immediately received aright and left on the face, which sent me reeling backwards.
this was acomplete mystery, but it raised my bile, and i returned it withinterest.
i was very strong in my arms, as may be supposed; and i threwthem about like sails of a windmill, never hitting straight out, butwith semicircular blows, which descended on or about his ears.
on thecontrary, his blows were all received straightforward, and my nose andface were soon covered with blood.
as i warmed with pain and rage iflung out my arms at random, and barnaby gave me a knock-down blow.
iwas picked up and sat upon my second's knee, who whispered to me as ispat the blood out of my mouth, "take it coolly, and make sure when youhit."
my own--my father's maxim--coming from another, it struck with doubleforce, and i never forgot it during the remainder of the fight.
againwe were standing up face to face; again i received it right and left,and returned it upon his right and left ears.
barnaby rushed in--i wasdown again.
"better luck next time," said i to my second, as cool as a cucumber.
a third and a fourth round succeeded, all apparently in barnaby'sfavour, but really in mine.
my face was beat to a mummy, but he waswhat is termed groggy, from the constant return of blows on the side ofthe head.
again we stood up panting and exhausted.
barnaby rushed atme, and i avoided him: before he could return to the attack i had againplanted two severe blows upon his ears, and he reeled.
he shook hishead, and with his fists in the attitude of defence, asked me whether ihad had enough.
"_he_ has," said my second; "stick to him now, jacob, and you'll beathim."
i did stick to him; three or four more blows applied to the same partfinished him, and he fell senseless on the ground.
"you've settled him," cried my second.
"what's done can't be helped," replied i.
"is he dead?"
"what's all this?"
cried mr knapps, pressing his way through the crowd,followed by the matron.
"barnaby and cinderella having it out, sir," said one of the elder boys.
the matron, who had already taken a liking for me, because i wasgood-looking, and because i had been recommended to her care by mrsdrummond, ran to me.
"well," says she, "if the dominie don't punish that big brute for this,i'll see whether i'm anybody or not;" and taking me by the hand, she ledme away.
in the meantime mr knapps surveyed barnaby, who was stillsenseless; and desired the other boys to bring him in and lay him on hisbed.
he breathed hard, but still remained senseless, and a surgeon wassent for, who found it necessary to bleed him copiously.
he then, atthe request of the matron, came to me; my features wereindistinguishable, but elsewhere i was all right.
as i stripped heexamined my arms.
"it seemed strange," observed he, "that the bigger boy should be soseverely punished; but this boy's arms are like little _sledge-hammers_.
i recommend you," said he to the other boys, "not to fight with him,for some day or other he'll kill one of you."
this piece of advice was not forgotten by the other boys, and from thatday i was the cock of the school.
the name of cinderella, given me bybarnaby, in ridicule of my mother's death, was immediately abandoned,and i suffered no more persecution.
it was the custom of the dominie,whenever two boys fought, to flog them both; but in this instance it wasnot followed up, because i was not the aggressor, and my adversarynarrowly escaped with his life.
i was under the matron's care for aweek, and barnaby under the surgeon's hands for about the same time.
neither was i less successful in my studies.
i learnt rapidly, after ihad conquered the first rudiments; but i had another difficulty toconquer, which was my habit of construing everything according to myrefined ideas; the force of association had become so strong that icould not overcome it for a considerable length of time.
mr knappscontinually complained of my being obstinate, when, in fact, i wasanxious to please as well as to learn.
for instance, in spelling, thefirst syllable always produced the association with something connectedwith my former way of life.
i recollect the dominie once, and onlyonce, gave me a caning, about a fortnight after i went to the school.
i had been brought up by mr knapps as contumelious.
"jacob faithful, how is this?
thine head is good yet wilt thou refuselearning.
tell me now, what does _c-a-t_ spell?"
it was the pitch-pipe to _cat-head_, and answered i accordingly.
"nay, jacob, it spells _cat_; take care of thy head on the next reply.
understand me, head is not understood.
jacob, thy head is in jeopardy.
now, jacob, what does _m-a-t_ spell?"
"_chafing-mat_," replied i.
"it spells mat only, silly boy; the chafing will be on my part directly.
now, jacob, what does _d-o-g_ spell?"
"dog, jacob, without the kennel.
thou art very contumelious, anddeservest to be rolled in the kennel.
now, jacob, this is the last timethat thou triflest with me; what does _h-a-t_ spell?"
"fur cap," replied i, after some hesitation.
"jacob, i feel the wrath rising within me, yet would i fain spare thee;if _h-a-t_ spell fur-cap, pray advise me, what doth _c-a-p_ spell,then?"
"indeed, jacob, thy stern as well as thy head are in danger; and isuppose, then, _w-i-n-d_ spells windlass, does it not?"
"yes, sir," replied i, pleased to find that he agreed with me.
"upon the same principle, what does _r-a-t_ spell?"
"_rat_, sir," replied i.
"nay, jacob, _r-a-t_ must spell _rattan_, and as thou hast missed thineown mode of spelling, thou shalt not miss the cane."
the dominie thenapplied it to my shoulders with considerable unction, much to thedelight of mr knapps, who thought the punishment was much too small forthe offence.
but i soon extricated myself from these associations as myideas extended, and was considered by the dominie as the cleverest boyin the school.
whether it were from natural intellect, or from my brainhaving lain fallow, as it were, for so many years, or probably from thetwo causes combined, i certainly learned almost by instinct.
i read mylessons once over and laid my book aside, for i knew it all.
i had notbeen six months at the school before i discovered that, in a thousandinstances, the affection of a father appeared towards me under the roughcrust of the dominie.
i think it was on the third day of the seventhmonth that i afforded him a day of triumph and warming of his heart,when he took me for the first time into his little study, and put thelatin accidence into my hands.
i learnt my first lesson in a quarter ofan hour; and i remember well how that unsmiling, grave man looked intomy smiling eyes, parting the chestnut curls, which the matron would notcut off, from my brows, and saying, "_bene fecisti, jacobe_."
manytimes afterwards, when the lesson was over, he would fix his eyes uponme, fall back on his chair, and make me recount all i could remember ofmy former life, which was really nothing but a record of perceptions andfeelings.
he _could_ attend to _me_, and as i related some early andsingular impression, some conjecture of what i saw, yet could notcomprehend, on the shore which i had never touched, he would rub hishands with enthusiasm, and exclaim, "i have found a new book--an album,whereon i may write the deeds of heroes and the words of sages.
how happy shall we be when we get into virgil!"
ihardly need say that i loved him--i did so from my heart, and learnedwith avidity to please him.
i felt that i was of consequence--myconfidence in myself was unbounded.
i walked proudly, yet i was notvain.
my school-fellows hated me, but they feared me as much for my ownprowess as my interest with the master; but still many were the bittergibes and innuendoes which i was obliged to hear as i sat down with themto our meals.
at other times i held communion with the dominie, theworthy old matron, and my books.
we walked out every day, at firstattended by mr knapps the usher.
the boys would not walk with mewithout they were ordered, and if ordered, most unwillingly.
yet i hadgiven no cause of offence.
the matron found it out, told the dominie,and after that the dominie attended the boys and led me by the hand.
this was of the greatest advantage to me, as he answered all myquestions, which were not few, and each day i advanced in every varietyof knowledge.
before i had been eighteen months at school, the dominiewas unhappy without my company, and i was equally anxious for hispresence.
he was a father to me, and i loved him as a son should love afather, and as it will hereafter prove, he was my guide through life.
but although the victory over barnaby bracegirdle, and the idea of myprowess procured me an enforced respect, still the dominie's goodwilltowards me was the occasion of a settled hostility.
affront me, orattack me openly, they dare not; but supported as the boys were by mrknapps the usher, who was equally jealous of my favour, and equally meanin spirit, they caballed to ruin me, if possible, in the good opinion ofmy master.
barnaby bracegirdle had a talent for caricature, which waswell-known to all but the dominie.
his first attempt against me was acaricature of my mother's death, in which she was represented as a lampsupplied from a gin-bottle, and giving flame out of her mouth.
this wastold to me, but i did not see it.
it was given by barnaby to mrknapps, who highly commended it, and put it into his desk.
after which,barnaby made an oft-repeated caricature of the dominie, with a vastnose, which he shewed to the usher as _my_ performance.
the usherunderstood what barnaby was at, and put it into his desk withoutcomment.
several other ludicrous caricatures were made of the dominieand of the matron, all of which were consigned to mr knapps by the boysas being the productions of my pencil; but this was not sufficient--itwas necessary i should be more clearly identified.
it so happened thatone evening, when sitting with the dominie at my latin, the matron andmr knapps being in the adjoining room, the light, which had burnedclose down, fell in the socket and went out.
the dominie rose to getanother; the matron also got up to fetch away the candlestick with thesame intent.
they met in the dark, and ran their heads together prettyhard.
as this event was only known to mr knapps and myself, hecommunicated it to barnaby, wondering whether i should not make it asubject of one of my caricatures.
barnaby took the hint; in the courseof a few hours this caricature was added to the others.
mr knapps, tofurther his views, took an opportunity to mention with encomium mytalent for drawing, added that he had seen several of my performances.
"the boy hath talent," replied the dominie; "he is a rich mine, fromwhich much precious metal is to be obtained."
"i hear that thou hast the talent for drawing, jacob," said he to me, aday or two afterwards.
"i never had in my life, sir," replied i.
"nay, jacob; i like modesty but modesty should never lead to a denial ofthe truth.
remember, jacob, that thou do not repeat the fault."
i made no answer, as i felt convinced that i was not in fault; but thatevening i requested the dominie to lend me a pencil, as i wished to tryand draw.
for some days, various scraps of my performances wereproduced, and received commendation.
"the boy draweth well," observedthe dominie to mr knapps, as he examined my performance through hisspectacles.
"why should he have denied his being able to draw?"
observed the usher.
"it was a fault arising from modesty or want of confidence--even avirtue, carried to excess, may lead us into error."
the next attempt of barnaby was to obtain the cornelius nepos which ithen studied.
this was effected by mr knapps, who took it out of thedominie's study, and put it into barnaby's possession, who drew on thefly-leaf, on which was my name, a caricature head of the dominie; andunder my own name, which i had written on the leaf, added, in my hand,_fecit_, so that it appeared, jacob faithful _fecit_.
having done this,the leaf was torn out of the book, and consigned to the usher with therest.
the plot was now ripe; and the explosion soon ensued.
mr knappstold the dominie that i drew caricatures of my school-fellows.
thedominie taxed me, and i denied it.
"so you denied drawing," observedthe usher.
a few days passed away, when mr knapps informed the dominie that i hadbeen caricaturing him and mrs bately, the matron, and that he hadproofs of it.
i had then gone to bed; the dominie was much surprised,and thought it impossible that i could be so ungrateful.
mr knappssaid that should make the charge openly, and prove it the next morningin the school-room; and wound up the wrong by describing me in severalpoints, as a cunning, good-for-nothing, although clever boy.
mr. knapps thinks to catch me napping, but the plot is discovered, andbarnaby bracegirdle is obliged to loosen his braces for the second timeon my account--drawing caricatures ends in drawing blood--the usher isushered out of the school, and i am nearly ushered into the next world,but instead of being bound on so long a journey, i am bound "'prenticeto a waterman."
ignorant of what had passed, i slept soundly; and the next morning foundthe matron very grave with me, which i did not comprehend.
the dominiealso took no notice of my morning salute: but supposing him to be wraptin euclid at the time, i thought little of it.
the breakfast passedover, and the bell rang for school.
we were all assembled; the dominiewalked in with a very magisterial air, followed by mr knapps, who,instead of parting company when he arrived at his own desk, continuedhis course with the dominie to his pulpit.
we all knew that there wassomething in the wind; but of all, perhaps, i was the least alarmed.
the dominie unfolded his large handkerchief, waved it, and blew hisnose, and the school was into profound silence.
"jacob faithful, drawnear," said he, in a tone which proved that the affair was serious.
idrew near, wondering.
"thou hast been accused by mr knapps ofcaricaturing, and holding up to the ridicule of the school, me--thymaster.
upon any other boy such disrespect should be visited severely;but from thee, jacob, i must add in the words of caesar, `_et tubrute_,' i expected, i had a right to expect, otherwise.
_in se animiingrati crimen vitia omnia condit_.
thou understandest me, jacob--guilty or not guilty?"
"not guilty, sir," replied i, firmly.
"he pleadeth net guilty, mr knapps; proceed, then, to prove thycharge."
mr knapps then went to his desk, and brought out the drawings withwhich he had been supplied by barnaby bracegirdle and the other boys.
"these drawings, sir, which you will please to look over, have all beengiven up to me as the performance of jacob faithful.
at first i couldnot believe it to be true; but you will perceive, at once, that they areall by the same hand."
"that i acknowledge," said the dominie; "and all reflect upon my nose.
it is true that my nose is of large dimensions, but it was the will ofheaven that i should be so endowed; yet are the noses of these figureseven larger than mine own could warrant, if the limner were correct, andnot malicious.
still have they merit," continued the dominie, lookingat some of them; and i heard a gentle _cluck, cluck_, in his throat, ashe laughed at his own mis-representations.
"_artis adumbratae meruitcum sedula laudem_, as prudentius hath it.
i have no time to finish thequotation."
"here is one drawing, sir," continued mr knapps, "which proves to methat jacob faithful is the party; in which you and mrs bately are shownup to ridicule.
who would have been aware that the candle went out inyour study, except jacob faithful?"
"i perceive," replied the dominie, looking at it through his spectacles,when put into his hand, "the arcana of the study have been violated."
"but, sir," continued mr knapps, "here is a more convincing proof.
youobserve this caricature of yourself, with his own name put to it--hisown handwriting.
i recognised it immediately; and happening to turnover his cornelius nepos, observed the first blank leaf torn out.
hereit is, sir, and you will observe that it fits on to the remainder of theleaf in the book exactly."
"i perceive that it doth; and am grieved to find that such is the case.
jacob faithful, thou are convicted of disrespect and of falsehood.
where is simon swapps?"
"if you please, sir, may i not defend myself?"
"am i to beflogged unheard?"
"nay, that were an injustice," replied the dominie; "but what defencecanst thou offer?
_o puer infelix et sceleratus_!"
"may i look at those caricatures, sir?"
said i.the dominie handed them to me in silence.
i looked them all over, andimmediately knew them to be drawn by barnaby bracegirdle.
the lastparticularly struck me.
i had felt confounded and frightened with thestrong evidence brought against me; but this re-assured me, and i spokeboldly.
"these drawings are by barnaby bracegirdle, sir, and not by me.
i never drew a caricature in my life."
"so didst thou assert that thou couldst not draw, and afterwardsprovedst by thy pencil to the contrary, jacob faithful."
"i knew not that i was able to draw when i said so; but i wished to drawwhen you supposed i was able--i did not like that you should give mecredit for what i could not do.
it was to please you, sir, that i askedfor the pencil."
"i wish it were as thou statest, jacob--i wish from my inmost soul thatthou wert not guilty."
"will you ask mr knapps from whom he had these drawings, and at whattime?
there are a great many of them."
"answer, mr knapps, to the questions of jacob faithful."
"they have been given to me by the boys at different times during thislast month."
"well, mr knapps, point out the boys who gave them."
mr knapps called out eight or ten boys, who came forward.
"did barnabybracegirdle give you none of them, mr knapps?"
said i, perceiving thatbarnaby was not summoned.
"no," replied mr knapps.
"if you please, sir," said i to the dominie, "with respect to the leafout of my nepos, the jacob faithful was written on it by me on the daythat you gave it to me; but the _fecit_, and the caricature of yourself,is not mine.
how it came there i don't know."
"thou hast disproved nothing, jacob," replied the dominie.
"but i have proved something, sir.
on what day was it that i asked youfor the pencil to draw with?
was it not on a saturday?"
"last saturday week, i think it was."
"well, then, sir, mr knapps told you the day before that i could draw?"
"he did; and thou deniedst it."
"how, then, does mr knapps account for not producing those caricaturesof mine, which he says he has collected for a whole month?
why didn'the give them to you before?"
"thou puttest it shrewdly," replied the dominie.
"answer, mr knapps,why didst thou, for a fortnight at the least, conceal thy knowledge ofhis offence?"
"i wished to have more proofs," replied the usher.
"thou hearest, jacob faithful."
"pray, sir, did you ever hear me speak of my poor mother but withkindness?"
"never, jacob, thou hast ever appeared dutiful."
"please, sir, to call up john williams."
"john, number 37, draw near."
"williams," said i, "did you not tell me that barnaby bracegirdle haddrawn my mother flaming at the mouth?"
"yes, i did."
my indignation now found vent in a torrent of tears.
"now, sir," criedi, "if you believe that i drew the caricatures of you and mrs bately--did i draw this, which is by the same person?"
and i handed up to thedominie the caricature of my mother, which mr knapps had inadvertentlyproduced at the bottom of the rest.
mr knapps turned white as a sheet.
the dominie looked at the caricature, and was silent for some time.
atlast he turned to the usher.
"from whom didst thou obtain this, mr knapps?"
mr knapps replied in his confusion, "from barnaby bracegirdle."
"it was but this moment thou didst state that thou hadst received nonefrom barnaby bracegirdle.
thou hast contradicted thyself, mr knapps.
jacob did not draw his mother; and the pencil is the same as that whichdrew the rest--ergo, he did not, i really believe, draw one of them.
_ite procul fraudes_.
god, i thank thee, that the innocent have beenprotected.
narrowly hast thou escaped these toils, o jacob--_cum populoet duce fraudulento_.
and now for punishment.
barnaby bracegirdle,thou gavest this caricature to mr knapps; from whence hadst thou it?
barnaby turned red and white, and then acknowledged that the drawing washis own.
"you boys," cried the dominie, waving his rod which he had seized, "yougave these drawings to mr knapps; tell me from whom they came."
the boys, frightened at the dominie's looks, immediately replied in abreath, "from barnaby bracegirdle."
"then, barnaby bracegirdle, from whom didst thou receive them?"
barnaby was dumbfounded.
"tell the truth; didst thou not draw them thyself, since thou didst notreceive them from other people?"
barnaby fell upon his knees, and related the whole circumstances,particularly the way in which the cornelius nepos had been obtainedthrough the medium of mr knapps.
the indignation of the dominie wasnow beyond all bounds.
i never had seen him so moved before.
heappeared to rise at least a foot more in stature, his eyes sparkled, hisgreat nose turned red, his nostrils dilated, and his mouth was more thanhalf open, to give vent to the ponderous breathing from his chest.
hiswhole appearance was withering to the culprits.
"for thee, thou base, degraded, empty-headed, and venomous littleabortion of a man, i have no words to signify my contempt.
by thegovernors of this charity i leave thy conduct to be judged; but untilthey meet, thou shalt not pollute and contaminate the air of this schoolby thy presence.
if thou hast one spark of good feeling in thy pettyframe, beg pardon of this poor boy, whom thou wouldst have ruined by thytreachery.
if not, hasten to depart, lest in my wrath i apply to theteacher the punishment intended for the scholar, but of which thou artmore deserving than even barnaby bracegirdle."
mr knapps said nothing, hastened out of the school, and that eveningquitted his domicile.
when the governors met he was expelled withignominy.
"simon swapps, hoist up barnaby bracegirdle."
moststrenuously and most indefatigably was the birch applied to barnaby, asecond time, through me.
barnaby howled and kicked, howled and kicked,and kicked again.
at last the dominie was tired.
"_consonat omne nemusstrepitu_" (for _nemus_ read schoolroom), exclaimed the dominie, layingdown the rod, and pulling out his handkerchief to wipe his face.
"_calcitrat, ardescunt germani coede bimembres_, that last quotation ishappy."
he then blew his nose, addressed the boys in along oration--paid me a handsome compliment upon my able defence--provedto all those who chose to listen to him that innocence would alwaysconfound guilt--intimated to barnaby that he must leave the school, andthen finding himself worn out with exhaustion, gave the boys a holiday,that they might reflect upon what had passed, and which they dulyprofited by in playing at marbles and peg in the ring.
he thendismissed the school, took me by the hand, and led me into his study,where he gave vent to his strong and affectionate feelings towards me,until the matron came to tell us that dinner was ready.
after this everything went on well.
the dominie's kindness andattention were unremitting, and no one ever thought of caballing againstme.
my progress became most rapid; i had conquered virgil, takentacitus by storm, and was reading the odes of horace.
i had passedtriumphantly through decimals, and was busily employed in mensuration ofsolids, when one evening i was seized with a giddiness in my head.
icomplained to the matron; she felt my hands, pronounced me feverish, andordered me to bed.
i passed a restless night the next morning iattempted to rise, but a heavy burning ball rolled as it were in myhead, and i fell back on my pillow.
the matron came, was alarmed at mystate, and sent for the surgeon, who pronounced that i had caught thetyphus fever, then raging through the vicinity.
this was the first timein my life that i had known a day's sickness--it was a lesson i had yetto learn.
the surgeon bled me, and giving directions to the matron,promised to call again.
in a few hours i was quite delirious--my sensesran wild.
one moment i thought i was with little sarah drummond,walking in green fields, holding her by the hand.
i turned round, andshe was no longer there, but i was in the lighter, and my hand graspedthe cinders of my mother; my father stood before me, again jumpedoverboard and disappeared; again the dark black column ascended from thecabin, and i was prostrate on the deck.
then i was once more alone onthe placid and noble thames, the moon shining bright, and the sweep inmy hand, tiding up the reach, and admiring the foliage which hung indark shadows over the banks.
i saw the slopes of green, so pure and sofresh by that sweet light, and in the distance counted the numerousspires of the great monster city, and beheld the various bridgesspanning over the water.
the faint ripple of the tide was harmony, thereflection of the moon, beauty; i felt happiness in my heart; i was nolonger the charity-boy, but the pilot of the barge.
then, as i wouldsurvey the scene, there was something that invariably presented itselfbetween my eyes and the object of my scrutiny; whichever way i looked,it stood in my way, and i could not remove it.
it was like a cloud, yettransparent, and with a certain undefined shape.
i tried for some time,but in vain, to decipher it, but could not.
at last it appeared tocohere into a form--it was the dominie's great nose, magnified into thatof the scripture, "as the tower which looketh towards damascus."
mytemples throbbed with agony--i burned all over.
i had no exact notionsof death in bed, except that of my poor mother, and i thought that i wasto die like her; the horrible fear seized me that all this burning wasbut prefatory to bursting out into flame and consuming into ashes.
thedread hung about my young heart and turned that to ice, while the restof my body was on fire.
this was my last recollection, and then all wasblank.
for many days i lay unconscious of either pain or existence:when i awoke from my stupor, my wandering senses gradually returning, iopened my eyes, and dimly perceived something before me that cut acrossmy vision in a diagonal line.
as the mist cleared away, and i recoveredmyself, i made out that it was the nose of dominie dobiensis, who waskneeling at the bed-side, his nose adumbrating the coverlid of my bed,his spectacles dimmed with tears, and his long grey locks falling oneach side, and shadowing his eyes.
i was not frightened, but i was tooweak to stir or speak.
his prayer-book was in his hand, and he stillremained on his knees.
he had been praying for me.
supposing me stillinsensible, he broke out in the following soliloquy:--"_naviculator larvus pallidus_--how beautiful even in death!
my poorlighter-boy, that hath mastered the rudiments, and triumphed over theaccidence--but to die!
_levior puer_, a puerile conceit, yet i love it,as i do thee.
how my heart bleeds for thee!
the icy breath of deathhath whitened thee, as the hoar-frost whitens the autumnal rose.
whywert thou transplanted from thine own element?
young prince of thestream--lord of the lighter--`_ratis rex et magister_'--heir apparent tothe tiller--betrothed to the sweep--wedded to the deck--how art thoulaid low!
where is the blooming cheek, ruddy with the browning air?
where the bright and swimming eye?
`_tum breviter diraemortis aperta via est_,' as sweet tibullus hath it;" and the dominiesobbed anew.
"had this stroke fallen upon me, the aged, the ridiculed,the little regarded, the ripe one for the sickle, it would have beenwell--yet fain would i have instructed thee still more before i quittedthe scene--fain have left thee the mantle of learning.
thou knowest,lord, that i walk wearily, as in the desert, that i am heavily burdened,and that my infirmities are many.
must i then mourn over thee, thoupromising one--must i say with the epigrammatist--  "`hoc jacet in tumulo, raptus puerilibus annis,  jacob faithful domini cura, doloroque sui?'
"true, most true.
thou hast quitted the element thou so joyouslycontrolledst, thou hast come upon the terra firma for thy grave?
"`sis licet inde sibi tellus placata, levisque,  artifices levior non potes esse manu.'
"earth, lay light upon the lighter-boy--the lotus, the water-lily, thathath been cast on shore to die.
hadst thou lived, jacob, i would havetaught thee the humanities; we would have conferred pleasantly together.
i would have poured out my learning to thee, my absalom, my son!"
he rose and stood over me; the tears coursed down his long nose fromboth his eyes, and from the point of it poured out like a littlerain-gutter upon the coverlid.
i understood not all his words, but iunderstood the spirit of them--it was love.
i feebly stretched forth myarms, and articulated "dominie!"
the old man clasped his hands, looked upwards, and said, "o god, i thankthee--he will live.
hush, hush, my sweet one, thou must not prate;" andhe retired on tiptoe, and i heard him mutter triumphantly, as he walkedaway, "he called me `dominie!'"
from that hour i rapidly recovered, and in three weeks was again at myduties.
i was now within six months of being fourteen years old, andmr drummond, who had occasionally called to ascertain my progress, cameto confer with the dominie upon my future prospects.
"all that i can dofor him, mr dobbs," said my former master, "is to bind him apprenticeto serve his time on the river thames, and that cannot be done until heis fourteen.
will the rules of the school permit his remaining?"
"the regulations do not exactly, but i will," replied the dominie.
"ihave asked nothing for my long services, and the governors will notrefuse me such a slight favour; should they, i will charge myself withhim, that he may not lose his precious time.
what sayest thou, jacob,dost thou feel inclined to return to thy father thames?"
i replied in the affirmative, for the recollections of my former lifewere those of independence and activity.
"thou hast decided well, jacob--the tailor at his needle, the shoemakerat his last, the serving boy to an exacting mistress, and all thoseapprenticed to the various trades, have no time for improvement; butafloat there are moments of quiet and peace--the still night forreflection, the watch for meditation; and even the adverse wind or tideleaves moments of leisure which may be employed to advantage.
then wiltthou call to mind the stores of learning which i have laid up in thygarner, and wilt add to them by perseverance and industry.
thou hastyet six months to profit by, and, with the blessing of god, those sixmonths shall not be thrown away."
mr drummond having received my consent to be bound apprentice, wishedme farewell, and departed.
during the six months the dominie pressed mehard, almost too hard, but i worked for _love_, and to please him i wasmost diligent.
at last the time had flown away, the six months had morethan expired, and mr drummond made his appearance, with a servantcarrying a bundle under his arm.
i slipped off my pepper-and-salt, myyellows and badge, dressed myself in a neat blue jacket and trousers,and with many exhortations from the dominie, and kind wishes from thematron, i bade farewell to them and to the charity-school, and in anhour was once more under the roof of the kind mrs drummond.
but how different were my sensations to those which oppressed me when ihad before entered.
i was no longer a little savage, uneducated andconfused in my ideas.
on the contrary, i was full of imagination,confident in myself, and in my own powers, cultivated in mind, and proudof my success.
the finer feelings of my nature had been called intoplay.
i felt gratitude, humility, and love, at the same time that i wasaware of my own capabilities.
in person i had much improved, as well asmuch increased in stature.
i walked confident and elastic, joying inthe world, hoping, anticipating, and kindly disposed towards myfellow-creatures.
i knew, i felt my improvement, my total change ofcharacter, and it was with sparkling eyes that i looked up at thewindow, where i saw mrs drummond and little sarah watching my returnand reappearance after an absence of three years.
mrs drummond had been prepared by her husband to find a great change;but still she looked for a second or two with wonder as i entered thedoor, with my hat in my hand, and paid my obeisance.
she extended herhand to me, which i took respectfully.
"i should not have known you, jacob; you have grown quite a man," saidshe, smiling.
sarah held back, looking at me with pleased astonishment;but i went up to her, and she timidly accepted my hand.
i had left heras my superior--i returned, and she soon perceived that i had alegitimate right to the command.
it was some time before she wouldconverse, and much longer before she would become intimate; but when shedid so, it was no longer the little girl encouraging the untutored boyby kindness, or laughing at his absurdities, but looking up to him withrespect and affection, and taking his opinion as a guide for her own.
ihad gained the _power of knowledge_.
by the regulations of the waterman's company, it is necessary that everyone who wishes to ply on the river on his own account should serve as anapprentice from the age of fourteen to twenty-one; at all events, hemust serve an apprenticeship for seven years, and be fourteen years oldbefore he signs the articles.
this apprenticeship may be served in anydescription of vessel which sails or works on the river, whether it bebarge, lighter, fishing smack, or a boat of larger dimensions, and it isnot until that apprenticeship is served that he can work on his ownaccount, either in a wherry or any other craft.
mr drummond offered toarticle me on board of one of his own lighters free of all expense,leaving me at liberty to change into any other vessel that i might thinkproper.
i gratefully accepted the proposal, went with him to watermen'shall, signed the papers, and thus was, at the age of fourteen, "_bound'prentice to a waterman_."
i am recommended to learn to swim, and i take a friendly advice--heavysuspicion on board of the lighter, and a mystery, out of which mrs.radcliffe would have made a romance.
"jacob, this is marables, who has charge of the polly barge," said mrdrummond, who had sent for me into his office, a few days after myarrival at his house.
"marables," continued my protector, addressingthe man, "i have told you that this lad is bound 'prentice to the polly;i expect you will look after him, and treat him kindly.
no blows or illtreatment.
if he does not conduct himself well (but well i'm sure hewill), let me know when you come back from your trip."
during this speech i was scrutinising the outward man of my futurecontroller.
he was stout and well-built, inclining to corpulence, hisfeatures remarkably good, although his eyes were not large.
his mouthwas very small, and there was a good-natured smile on his lips as heanswered, "i never treated a cat ill, master."
"i believe not," replied mr drummond; "but i am anxious that jacobshould do well in the world, and therefore let you know that he willalways have my protection, so long as he conducts himself properly."
"we shall be very good friends, sir, i'll answer for it, if i may judgefrom the cut of his jib," replied marables, extending to me an immensehand, as broad as it was long.
after this introduction, mr drummond gave him some directions, and leftus together.
"come and see the craft, boy," said marables and i followed him to thebarge, which was one of those fitted with a mast which lowered down andhauled up again, as required.
she plied up and down the river as far asthe nore, sometimes extending her voyage still farther: but that wasonly in the summer months.
she had a large cabin abaft, and a cuddyforward.
the cabin was locked, and i could not examine it.
"this will be your berth," said marables, pointing to the cuddy-hatchforward; "you will have it all to yourself.
the other man and i sleepabaft."
"have you another man, then?"
"yes, i have, jacob," replied he; and then muttering to himself, "i wishi had not--i wish the barge was only between us, jacob, or that you hadnot been sent on board," continued he, gravely.
"it would have beenbetter--much better."
and he walked aft, whistling in a low tone,looking down sadly on the deck.
"is your cabin large?"
inquired i, as he came forward.
"yes, large enough; but i cannot show it to you now--he has the key."
"what, the other man under you?"
"yes," replied marables, hastily.
"i've been thinking, jacob, that youmay as well remain on shore till we start.
you can be of no use here."
to this i had no objection; but i often went on board during thefortnight that the barge remained, and soon became very partial tomarables.
there was a kindness about him that won me, and i wasdistressed to perceive that he was often very melancholy.
whatsurprised me most was to find that during the first week the cabin wasconstantly locked, and that marables had not the key; it appeared sostrange that he, as master of the barge, should be locked out of his owncabin by his inferior.
one day i went early on board, and found not only the cabin doors open,but the other man belonging to her walking up and down the deck withmarables.
he was a well-looking, tall, active young man, apparently notthirty, with a general boldness of countenance strongly contrasted witha furtive glance of the eye.
he had a sort of blue smock-frockover-all, and the trousers which appeared below were of a finer texturethan those usually worn by people of his condition.
"this is the lad who is bound to the barge," said marables.
"jacob,this is fleming."
"so, younker," said fleming, after casting an inquiring eye upon me,"you are to sail with us, are you?
it's my opinion that your room wouldbe better than your company.
however, if you keep your eyes open, i'dadvise you to keep your mouth shut.
when i don't like people's company,i sometimes give them a hoist into the stream--so keep a sharp look out,my joker."
not very well pleased with this address, i answered, "i thought marableshad charge of the craft, and that i was to look to him for orders."
"did you, indeed!"
replied fleming, with a sneer.
"i say, my lad, canyou swim?"
"no, i can't," replied i--"i wish i could."
"well, then, take my advice--learn to swim as fast as you can for i havea strong notion that one day or other i shall take you by the scruff ofthe neck, and send you to look after your father."
pray be quiet!"
said marables, who had several timespulled him by the sleeve.
"he's only joking, jacob," continued marablesto me, as, indignant at the mention of my father's death, i was walkingaway to the shore, over the other lighters.
"well," replied i, turning round, "if i am to be tossed overboard, it'sjust as well to let mr drummond know, that if i'm missing he may guesswhat's become of me."
said fleming, immediately altering his manner, andcoming to me where i stood in the barge next to them.
"give us yourhand, my boy; i was only trying what stuff you were made of.
come,shake hands; i wasn't in earnest."
i took the proffered hand, and went on shore.
"nevertheless," thoughti, "i'll learn to swim; for i rather think he was in earnest."
and itook my first lesson that day; and by dint of practice soon acquiredthat very necessary art.
had it not been for the threat of fleming, iprobably should not have thought of it; but it occurred to me that imight tumble, even if i were not thrown overboard, and that a knowledgeof swimming would do no harm.
the day before the barge was to proceed down the river to sheerness,with a cargo of bricks, i called upon my worthy old master, dominiedobiensis.
cried the old man, who was sitting in his study.
"verily, jacob, thou art come in good time.
i am at leisure, and willgive thee a lesson.
sit down, my child."
the dominie opened the aeneid of virgil, and commenced forthwith.
i wasfortunate enough to please him with my off-hand translation; and as heclosed the book, i told him that i had called to bid him farewell, as westarted at daylight the next morning.
"jacob," said he, "thou hast profited well by the lessons which i havebestowed upon thee: now take heed of that advice which i am now about tooffer to thee.
there are many who will tell thee that thy knowledge isof no use, for what avail can the latin tongue be to a boy on board of alighter.
others may think that i have done wrong thus to instruct thee,as thy knowledge may render thee vain--_nil exactius eruditiusque est_--or discontented with thy situation in life.
such is too often the case,i grant; but it is because education is not as general as it ought tobe.
were all educated, the superiority acquired or presumed upon byeducation would be lost, and the nation would not only be wiser buthappier.
it would judge more rightly, would not condemn the measures ofits rulers, which at present it cannot understand, and would not be ledaway by the clamour and misrepresentation of the disaffected.
but imust not digress, as time is short.
jacob, i feel that thou wilt not bespoilt by the knowledge instilled into thee; but mark me, parade it not,for it will be vanity, and make thee enemies.
cultivate thyself as muchas thou canst, but in due season--thy duties to thy employer must befirst attended to--but treasure up what thou hast, and lay up more whenthou canst.
consider it as hidden wealth, which may hereafter beadvantageously employed.
thou art now but an apprentice in a barge; butwhat mayest thou not be, jacob, if thou art diligent--if thou fear god,and be honest?
i will now call to my mind some examples to stimulatethee in thy career."
here the dominie brought forward about forty or fifty instances fromhistory, in which people from nothing had risen to the highest rank andconsideration; but although i listened to them very attentively, thereader will probably not regret the omission of the dominie's catalogue.
having concluded, the dominie gave me a latin testament, the whole dutyof man, and his blessing.
the matron added to them a large slice ofseed-cake and by the time that i had returned to mr drummond's, boththe dominie's precepts and the matron's considerate addition had beenwell digested.
it was six o'clock the next morning that we cast off our fastenings andpulled into the stream.
the day was lovely, the sun had risen above thetrees, which feathered their boughs down on the sloping lawns in frontof the many beautiful retreats of the nobility and gentry which borderthe river; and the lamp of day poured a flood of light upon the smoothand rapidly ebbing river.
the heavy dew which had fallen during thenight studded the sides of the barge, and glittered like necklaces ofdiamonds; the mist and the fog had ascended, except here and there,where it partially concealed the landscape; boats laden with the produceof the market-gardens in the vicinity were hastening down with the tideto supply the metropolis; the watermen were in their wherries, cleaningand mopping them out, ready for their fares; the smoke of the chimneysascended in a straight line to heaven; and the distant chirping of thebirds in the trees added to the hilarity and lightness of heart withwhich i now commenced my career as an apprentice.
i was forward, looking down the river, when marables called me to takethe helm, while they went to breakfast.
he commenced giving meinstructions; but i cut them short by proving to him that i knew theriver as well as he did.
pleased at the information, he joined fleming,who was preparing the breakfast in the cabin, and i was left on the deckby myself.
there, as we glided by every object which for years i hadnot seen, but which was immediately recognised and welcomed as an oldfriend, with what rapidity did former scenes connected with them flashinto my memory!
there was the inn at the water-side, where my fatherused to replenish the stone bottle; it was just where the barge now wasthat i had hooked and pulled up the largest chub i had ever caught.
nowi arrived at the spot where we had ran foul of another craft; and myfather, with his pipe in his mouth and his "take it coolly," which soexasperated the other parties, stood as alive before me.
here--yes, itwas here--exactly here--where we anchored on that fatal night when i wasleft an orphan--it was here that my father disappeared; and as i lookeddown at the water, i almost thought i could perceive it again close overhim, as it eddied by: and it was here that the black smoke--the wholescene came fresh to my memory, my eyes filled with tears, and, for alittle while, i could not see to steer.
but i soon recovered myself;the freshness of the air, the bright sky overhead, the busy scene beforeme, and the necessity of attending to my duty, chased away my painfulremembrances; and when i had passed the spot i was again cheerful andcontent.
in half-an-hour i had shot putney bridge, and was sweeping clear of theshallows on the reach below, when marables and fleming came up.
exclaimed marables; "have we passed the bridge?
why did you not callus?"
"i have shot it without help many and many a time," replied i, "when iwas but ten years old.
why should i call you from your breakfast?
butthe tides are high now, and the stream rapid; you had better get a sweepout on the bow, or we may tail on the bank."
replied fleming, with astonishment; "i had no idea that he wouldhave been any help to us; but so much the better."
he then spoke in alow tone to marables.
marables shook his head.
"don't try it fleming, it will never do."
"so you said once about yourself," replied fleming, laughing.
"i did--i did!"
replied marables, clenching both his hands, which at thetime were crossed on his breast, with a look of painful emotion; "but isay again, don't try it; nay, i say more, you _shall_ not."
replied fleming, haughtily.
"yes," replied marables, coolly; "i say shall not, and i'll stand by mywords.
now, jacob, give me the helm, and get your breakfast."
i gave up the helm to marables, and was about to enter the cabin, whenfleming caught me by the arm, and _slewed_ me round.
"i say, my joker,we may just as well begin as we leave off.
understand me, that intothat cabin you never enter; and understand further, that if ever i findyou in that cabin, by day or night, i'll break every bone in your body.
your berth is forward; and as for your meals, you may either take themdown there or you may eat them on deck."
from what i had already witnessed, i knew that for some reason or other,fleming had the control over marables; nevertheless i replied, "if mrmarables says it is to be so, well and good; but he has charge of thisbarge."
marables made no reply; he coloured up, seemed very muchannoyed, and then looked up to the sky.
"you'll find," continued fleming, addressing me in a low voice, "that icommand here--so be wise.
perhaps the day may come when you may walk inand out the cabin as you please, but that depends upon yourself.
by-and-by, when we know more of each other--""never, fleming, never!"
interrupted marables, in a firm and loud tone.
"it _shall_ not be."
fleming muttered what i could not hear, and going into the cabin,brought me out my breakfast which i despatched with good appetite; andsoon afterwards i offered to take the helm; which offer was accepted bymarables, who retired to the cabin with fleming, where i heard themconverse for a long while in a low tone.
the tide was about three-quarters ebb when the barge arrived abreast ofmillbank.
marables came on deck, and taking the helm, desired me to goforward and see the anchor clear for letting go.
"why, we have a good hour more before we meetthe flood."
"i know that, jacob, as well as you do; but we shall not go fartherto-night.
be smart, and see all clear."
whether fleming thought that it was necessary to blind me, or whether itwas true that they were only obeying their orders, he said to marablesin my hearing, "will you go on shore and give the letters to mrdrummond's correspondent, or shall i go for you?"
"you had better go," replied marables, carelessly; and shortly afterthey went to dinner in the cabin, fleming bringing me mine out on deck.
the flood tide now made, and we rode to the stream.
having nothing todo, and marables as well as fleming appearing to avoid me, i brought thedominie's latin testament, and amused myself with reading it.
about aquarter of an hour before dusk, fleming made his appearance to go onshore.
he was genteelly, i may say fashionably, dressed in a suit ofblack, with a white neckcloth.
at first i did not recognise him, sosurprised was i at his alteration; and my thoughts, as soon as mysurprise was over, naturally turned upon the singularity of a man whoworked in a barge under another now assuming the dress and appearance ofa gentleman.
marables hauled up the little skiff which lay astern.
fleming jumped in and shoved off.
i watched him till i perceived himland at the stairs, and then turned round to marables: "i can'tunderstand all this," observed i.
"i don't suppose you can," replied marables: "but still i could explainit if you will promise me faithfully not to say a word about it."
"i will make that promise if you satisfy me that all is right," answeredi.
"as to all being right, jacob, that's as may be; but if i prove to youthat there is no harm done to our master, i suppose you will keep thesecret.
however, i must not allow you to think worse of it than itreally is; no, i'll trust to your good nature.
you wouldn't harm me,jacob?"
marables then told me that fleming had once been well-to-do inthe world, and during the long illness and subsequent death of marables'wife, had lent him money; that fleming had been very imprudent, and hadrun up a great many debts, and that the bailiffs were after him.
onthis emergency he had applied to marables to help him, and that, inconsequence, he had received him on board of the barge, where they neverwould think of looking for him; that fleming had friends, and contrivedto go on shore at night to see them, and get what assistance he couldfrom them in money: in the meantime his relations were trying what theycould do to arrange with his creditors.
"now," said marables, afterthis narration, "how could i help assisting one who has been so kind tome?
and what harm does it do mr drummond?
if fleming can't do hiswork, or won't, when we unload, he pays another man himself; so mrdrummond is not hurt by it."
"that may be all true," replied i; "but i cannot imagine why i am not toenter the cabin, and why he orders about here as master."
"why, you see, jacob, i owe him money, and he allows me so much per weekfor the cabin, by which means i pay it off.
do you understand now?"
"yes, i understand what you have said," replied i.
"well, then, jacob, i hope you'll say nothing about it.
it would onlyharm me, and do no good."
"that depends upon fleming's behaviour towards me," replied i.
"i willnot be bullied and made uncomfortable by him, depend upon it; he has nobusiness on board the barge, that's clear, and i am bound 'prentice toher.
i don't wish to hurt you; and as i suppose fleming won't be longon board, i shall say nothing unless he treats me ill."marables then left me, and i reflected upon what he had said.
itappeared all very probable; but still i was not satisfied.
i resolvedto watch narrowly, and if anything occurred which excited moresuspicions, to inform mr drummond upon our return.
shortly afterwardsmarables came out again, and told me i might go to bed, and he wouldkeep the deck till fleming's return.
i assented, and went down to thecuddy; but i did not much like this permission.
it appeared to me as ifhe wanted to get rid of me, and i laid awake, turning over in my mindall that i had heard and seen.
about two o'clock in the morning i heardthe sound of oars, and the skiff strike the side of the barge.
i didnot go up, but i put my head up the scuttle to see what was going on.
it was broad moonlight, and almost as clear as day.
fleming threw upthe painter of the skiff to marables, and, as he held it, lifted out ofthe boat a blue bag, apparently well filled.
the contents jingled as itwas landed on the deck.
he then put out a yellow silk handkerchief fullof something else, and having gained the deck, marables walked aft withthe painter in his hand until the skiff had dropped astern, where hemade it fast, and returned to fleming, who stood close to the blue bag.
i heard fleming ask marables, in a low voice, if i were in bed, and ananswer given in the affirmative.
i dropped my head immediately, that imight not be discovered, and turned into my bed-place.
i was restlessfor a long while; thought upon thought, surmise upon surmise, conjectureupon conjecture, and doubt upon doubt, occupied my brain, until at lasti went fast asleep--so fast, that i did not wake until summoned byfleming.
i rose, and when i came on deck found that the anchor had beenweighed more than two hours, and that we were past all the bridges.
"why, jacob, my man, you've had a famous nap," said fleming, withapparent good humour; "now go aft, and get your breakfast, it has beenwaiting for you this half-hour."
by the manner of fleming i took it forgranted that marables had acquainted him with our conversation, and,indeed, from that time, during our whole trip, fleming treated me withkindness and familiarity.
the veto had not, however, been taken off thecabin, which i never attempted to enter.
the mystery becomes more and more interesting, and i determine to findit out.--prying after things locked up, i am locked up myself.--flemingproves to me that his advice was good when he recommended me to learn toswim.
on our arrival off the medway, i had just gone down to bed and wasundressing, when i heard fleming come on deck and haul up the boat.
ilooked up the hatchway; it was very dark, but i could perceive marableshand him the bag and handkerchief, with which he pulled on shore.
hedid not return until the next morning at daylight, when i met him as hecame up the side.
"well, jacob," said he, "you've caught me, i've beenon shore to see my sweetheart; but you boys ought to know nothing aboutthese things.
make the boat fast, there's a good lad."
when we were one night discharging our cargo, which was for government,i heard voices alongside.
from habit, the least noise now awoke me: aboat striking the side was certain so to do.
it was then about twelveo'clock.
i looked up the hatchway, perceived two men come on board andenter the cabin with packages.
they remained there about ten minutes,and then, escorted to the side by fleming, left the barge.
when thebarge was cleared, we hauled off to return, and in three days were againalongside of mr drummond's wharf.
the kindness both of marables and offleming had been very great.
they lived in a style very superior towhat they could be expected to do, and i fared well in consequence.
on our arrival at the wharf, marables came up to me, and said, "now,jacob, as i have honestly told you the secret, i hope you won't ruin meby saying a word to mr drummond."
i had before made up my mind to saynothing to my master until my suspicions were confirmed, and i thereforegave my promise; but i had also resolved to impart my suspicions, aswell as what i had seen, to the old dominie.
on the third day after ourarrival i walked out to the school, and acquainted him with all that hadpassed, and asked him for his advice.
"jacob," said he, "thou hast done well, but thou mightest have donebetter; hadst thou not given thy promise, which is sacred, i would havetaken thee to mr drummond, that thou mightest impart the whole,instanter.
i like it not.
evil deeds are done in darkness.
_noctempeccatis et fraudibus objice nubem_.
still, as thou sayest, nought isyet proved.
watch, therefore, jacob--watch carefully over thy master'sinterests, and the interests of society at large.
it is thy duty, i maysay, _vigilare noctesque diesque_.
it may be as marables hath said--andall may be accounted for; still, i say, be careful, and be honest."
i followed the suggestions of the dominie: we were soon laden withanother cargo of bricks, to be delivered at the same place, andproceeded on our voyage.
marables and fleming, finding that i had notsaid a word to mr drummond, treated me with every kindness.
flemingonce offered me money, which i refused, saying that i had no use for it.
i was on the best terms with them, at the same time that i took noticeof all that passed, without offering a remark to excite theirsuspicions.
but not to be too prolix, it will suffice to say that wemade many trips during several months, and that during that time i madethe following observations:--that fleming went on shore at night atcertain places, taking with him bags and bundles; that he generallyreturned with others, which were taken into the cabin; that sometimespeople came off at night, and remained some time in the cabin with him;and that all this took place when it was supposed that i was asleep.
the cabin was invariably locked when the barge was lying at the wharfs,if fleming was on shore, and at no time was i permitted to enter it.
marables was a complete cipher in fleming's hands, who orderedeverything as he pleased; and in the conversations which took placebefore me, with much less restraint than at first, there appeared to beno idea of fleming's leaving us.
as i felt convinced that there was nochance of discovery without further efforts on my part, and mysuspicions increasing daily, i resolved upon running some hazard.
mychief wish was to get into the cabin and examine its contents; but thiswas not easy, and would, in all probability, be a dangerous attempt.
one night i came on deck in my shirt.
we were at anchor offrotherhithe: it was a dark night, with a drizzling rain.
i washastening below, when i perceived a light still burning in the cabin,and heard the voices of marables and fleming.
i thought this a goodopportunity, and having no shoes, walked softly on the wet deck to thecabin-door, which opened forward, and peeped through the crevices.
marables and fleming were sitting opposite each other at the littletable.
there were some papers before them, and they were dividing somemoney.
marables expostulated at his share not being sufficient, andfleming laughed and told him he had earned no more.
fearful of beingdiscovered, i made a silent retreat, and gained my bed.
it was wellthat i had made the resolution; for just as i was putting my head belowthe hatch, and drawing it over the scuttle, the door was thrown open andfleming came out, i pondered over this circumstance, and the remark offleming that marables had not earned any more, and i felt convinced thatthe story told me by marables relative to fleming was all false.
thisconviction stimulated me more than ever to discover the secret, and manyand many a night did i watch, with a hope of being able to examine thecabin; but it was to no purpose, either fleming or marables was alwayson board.
i continued to report to the dominie all i had discovered,and he agreed at last that it was better that i should not say anythingto mr drummond until there was the fullest proof of the nature of theirproceedings.
the cabin was now the sole object of my thoughts, and many were theschemes resolved in my mind to obtain an entrance.
fatima never covetedadmission to the dreadful chamber of bluebeard as i did to ascertain thesecrets of this hidden receptacle.
one night fleming had quitted thebarge, and i ascended from my dormitory.
marables was on deck, sittingupon the water-cask, with his elbow resting on the gunwale, his handsupporting his head, as if in deep thought.
the cabin-doors wereclosed, but the light still remained in it.
i watched for some time,and perceiving that marables did not move, walked gently up to him.
hewas fast asleep; i waited for some little time alongside of him.
atlast he snored.
it was an opportunity not to be lost.
i crept to thecabin-door; it was not locked.
although i did not fear the wrath ofmarables, in case of discovery, as i did that of fleming, it was stillwith a beating heart and a tremulous hand that i gently opened the door,pausing before i entered, to ascertain if marables were disturbed.
hemoved not, and i entered, closing the door after me.
i caught up thelight, and held it in my hand as i hung over the table.
on each sidewere the two bed-places of marables and fleming, which i had before thenhad many a partial glimpse of.
in front of the two bed-places were twolockers to sit down upon.
i tried them--they were not fast--theycontained their clothes.
at the after part of the cabin were threecupboards; i opened the centre one; it contained crockery, glass, andknives and forks.
i tried the one on the starboard side; it was locked,but the key was in it.
i turned it gently, but being a good lock, itsnapped loud.
i paused in fear--but marables still slept.
the cupboardhad three shelves, and every shelf was loaded with silver spoons, forks,and every variety of plate, mixed with watches, bracelets, and ornamentsof every description.
there was, i perceived, a label on each, with apeculiar mark.
wishing to have an accurate survey, and encouraged by mydiscovery, i turned to the cupboard opposite, on the larboard side, andi opened it.
it contained silk handkerchiefs in every variety, laceveils, and various other articles of value; on the lower shelf were laidthree pairs of pistols.
i was now satisfied, and closing the lastcupboard, which had not been locked, was about to retreat, when irecollected that i had not re-locked the first cupboard, and that theymight not, by finding it open, suspect my visit, i turned the key.
itmade a louder snap than before.
i heard marables start from his slumberon deck; in a moment i blew out the lamp, and remained quiet.
marablesgot up, took a turn or two, looked at the cabin doors, which were shut,and opened them a little.
perceiving that the lamp had, as he thought,gone out, he shut them again, and, to my consternation, turned the key.
there i was, locked up, until the arrival of fleming--then to be left tohis mercy.
i hardly knew how to act: at last i resolved upon calling tomarables, as i dreaded his anger less than fleming's.
then it occurredto me that marables might come in, feel for the lamp to re-light it, andthat, as he came in on one side of the cabin, i might, in the dark,escape by the other.
this all but forlorn hope prevented me for sometime from applying to him.
at last i made up my mind that i would, andran from the locker to call through the door, when i heard the sound ofoars.
i paused again--loitered--the boat was alongside, and i heardfleming jump upon the deck.
"quick," said he to marables, as he came to the cabin-door, and tried toopen it; "we've no time to lose--we must get up the sacks and sinkeverything.
two of them have 'peached, and the fence will bediscovered."
he took the keys from marables and opened the door; i had replaced thelamp upon the table.
fleming entered, took a seat on the locker on thelarboard side, and felt for the lamp.
marables followed him, and satdown on the starboard locker;--escape was impossible.
with a throbbingheart i sat in silence, watching my fate.
in the meantime, fleming hadtaken out of his pocket his phosphorus match box.
i heard the tin toppulled open--even the slight rustling of the one match selected wasperceived.
another second it was withdrawn from the bottle, and a wildflame of light illumined the deck cabin, and discovered me to theirview.
staggered at my appearance, the match fell from fleming's hand,and all was dark as before; but there was no more to be gained bydarkness--i had been discovered.
"will not live to tell the tale," added fleming, with a firm voice, ashe put another match into the bottle, and then relighted the lamp.
"come," said fleming, fiercely; "out of the cabin immediately."
i prepared to obey him.
fleming went out, and i was following him roundhis side of the table, when marables interposed.
"stop: fleming, what is that you mean to do?"
"but not murder him, surely?"
cried marables, trembling from head tofoot.
"you will not, dare not, do that."
"what is it that i dare not do, marables?
but it is useless to talk; itis now his life or mine.
one must be sacrificed, and i will not die yetto please him."
"you shall not--by god, fleming, you shall not!"
cried marables, seizinghold of my other arm, and holding me tight.
i added my resistance to that of marables; when fleming, perceiving thatwe should be masters, took a pistol from his pocket, and struck marablesa blow on the head, which rendered him senseless.
throwing away thepistol, he dragged me out of the cabin.
i was strong, but he was verypowerful; my resistance availed me nothing: by degrees he forced me tothe side of the barge, and lifting me in his arms, dashed me into thedark and rapidly flowing water.
it was fortunate for me that the threatof fleming, upon our first meeting, had induced me to practise swimming,and still more fortunate that i was not encumbered with any otherclothes than my shirt, in which i had come on deck.
as it was, i wascarried away by the tide for some time before i could rise, and at sucha distance that fleming, who probably watched, did not perceive that icame up again.
still, i had but little hopes of saving myself in a darknight, and at nearly a quarter of a mile from shore.
i struggled tokeep myself afloat, when i heard the sound of oars; a second or two moreand i saw them over my head.
i grasped at and seized the last, as theothers passed me, crying "help!"
"what the devil!
oars, my men; here's somebody overboard," cried theman, whose oar i had seized.
they stopped pulling; he dragged in his oar till he could lay hold ofme, and then they hauled me into the boat.
i was exhausted with coldand my energetic struggles in the water; and it was not until they hadwrapped me up in a great-coat, and poured some spirits down my throat;that i could speak.
they inquired to which of the craft i belonged.
"the folly barge."
"the very one we are searching for.
where about is she, my lad?"
i directed them: the boat was a large wherry, pulling six oars,belonging to the river police.
the officer in the stern sheets, whosteered her, then said, "how came you overboard?"
"i was thrown overboard," replied i, "by a man called fleming."
"the name he goes by," cried the officer.
"give way, my lads.
there'smurder, it appears, as well as other charges."
in a quarter of an hour we were alongside--the officer and four mensprang out of the boat, leaving the other two with directions for me toremain in the boat.
cold and miserable as i was, i was too muchinterested in the scene not to rise up from the stern sheets, and payattention to what passed.
when the officer and his men gained the deck,they were met by fleming in the advance, and marables about a yard ortwo behind.
"what's all this?"
cried fleming, boldly.
"are you river pirates, cometo plunder us?"
"not exactly," replied the officer; "but we are just come to overhaulyou.
deliver up the key of your cabin," continued he, after trying thedoor and finding it locked.
"with all my heart, if you prove yourselves authorised to search,"replied fleming; "but you'll find no smuggled spirits here, i can tellyou.
marables, hand them the key; i see that they belong to the riverguard."
marables, who had never spoken, handed the key to the officer, who,opening a dark lanthorn, went down into the cabin and proceeded in hissearch, leaving two of the men to take charge of fleming and marables.
but his search was in vain; he could find nothing, and he came out ondeck.
"well," said fleming, sarcastically, "have you made a seizure?"
"wait a little," said the officer; "how many men have you in thisbarge?"
"you see them," replied fleming.
"yes; but you have a boy; where is he?"
"we have no boy," replied fleming; "two men are quite enough for thiscraft."
"still i ask you, what has become of the boy?
for a boy was on yourdecks this afternoon."
"if there was one, i presume he has gone on shore again."
"answer me another question; which of you threw him overboard?"
at this query of the officer, fleming started, while marables cried out,"it was not i; i would have saved him.
o that the boy were here toprove it!"
"i am here, marables," said i, coming on deck, "and i am witness thatyou tried to save me, until you were struck senseless by that ruffian,fleming, who threw me overboard, that i might not give evidence as tothe silver and gold which i found in the cabin; and which i overheardhim tell you must be put into sacks and sunk, as two of the men had'peached."
fleming, when he saw me, turned round, as if not to look at me.
hisface i could not see; but after remaining a few seconds in thatposition, he held out his hands in silence for the handcuffs, which theofficer had already taken out of his pocket.
marables, on the contrary,sprang forward as soon as i had finished speaking, and caught me in hisarms.
"my fine, honest boy!
i thank god--i thank god!
all that he has saidis true, sir.
you will find the goods sunk astern, and the buoy-rope tothem fastened to the lower pintle of the rudder.
jacob, thank god, youare safe!
i little thought to see you again.
there, sir," continued heto the officer, holding out his hands, "i deserve it all.
i had notstrength of mind enough to be honest."
the handcuffs were put on marables as well as on fleming, and theofficer, allowing me time to go down and put on my clothes, hauled upthe sacks containing the valuables, and leaving two hands in charge ofthe barge, rowed ashore with us all in the boat.
it was then aboutthree o'clock in the morning, and i was very glad when we arrived at thereceiving-house, and i was permitted to warm myself before the fire.
assoon as i was comfortable, i laid down on the bench and fell fastasleep.
one of the ups and downs of life.--up before the magistrates, then downthe river again in the lighter.--the toms.--a light heart upon twosticks.--receive my first lesson in singing.--our lighter well-mannedwith two boys and a fraction.
i did not awake the next morning till roused by the police, who broughtus up before the magistrates.
the crowd that followed appeared to makeno distinction between the prisoners and the witness, and remarks notvery complimentary, and to me very annoying, were liberally made.
"he'sa young hand for such work," cried one.
"there's gallows marked in hisface," observed another, to whom, when i turned round to look at him, icertainly could have returned the compliment.
the station was not farfrom the magistrates' office, and we soon arrived.
the principalofficer went into the inner room, and communicated with the magistratesbefore they came out and took their seats on the bench.
"where is jacob faithful?
my lad, do you know the nature of an oath?"
i answered in the affirmative; the oath was administered, and myevidence taken down.
it was then read over to the prisoners, who wereasked if they had anything to say in their defence.
fleming, who hadsent for his lawyer, was advised to make no answer.
marables quietlyreplied, that all the boy had said was quite true.
"recollect," said the magistrate, "we cannot accept you as king'sevidence; that of the boy is considered sufficient."
"i did not intend that you should," replied marables.
"i only want toease my conscience, not to try for my pardon."
they were then committed for trial, and led away to prison.
i could nothelp going up to marables and shaking his hand, before he was led away.
he lifted up his two arms, for he was still handcuffed, and wiped hiseyes, saying, "let this be a warning to you, jacob--not that i think youneed it; but still i once was honest as yourself--and look at me now."
and he cast his eyes down sorrowfully upon his fettered wrists.
theyquitted the room, fleming giving me a look which was very significant ofwhat my chance would be if ever i fell into his clutches.
"we must detain you, my lad," observed one of the magistrates, "withoutyou can procure a sufficient bail for your appearance as witness on thetrial."
i replied that i knew of no one except my master, mr drummond, and myschoolmaster; and had no means of letting them know of my situation.
the magistrate then directed the officer to go down by the firstbrentford coach, acquaint mr drummond with what had passed, and thatthe lighter would remain in charge of the river police until he couldsend hands on board of her; and i was allowed to sit down on the benchbehind the bar.
it was not until past noon that mr drummond,accompanied by the dominie, made his appearance.
to save time, themagistrates gave them my deposition to read; they put in bail, and i waspermitted to leave the court.
we went down by the coach, but as theywent inside and i was out, i had not many questions asked until myarrival at mr drummond's house, when i gave them a detailed account ofall that had happened.
exclaimed the dominie, when i had finished my story.
"what an escape!
how narrowly, as propertius hath it femininely,`_eripitur nobis jumpridem carus puer_.'
well was it that thou hadstlearnt to swim--verily thou must have struggled lustily.
_`pugnat inadversas ire natator aquas_,' yea, lustily for thy life, child.
now,god be praised!"
but mr drummond was anxious that the lighter should be brought back tothe wharf; he therefore gave me my dinner, for i had eaten nothing thatday, and then despatched me in a boat with two men, to bring her up theriver.
the next morning we arrived; and mr drummond, not having yetselected any other person to take her in charge, i was again some dayson shore, dividing my time between the dominie and mr drummond's, wherei was always kindly treated, not only by him, but also by his wife andhis little daughter sarah.
a master for the lighter was soon found; and as i passed a considerabletime under his orders, i must describe him particularly.
he had servedthe best part of his life on board a man-of-war, had been in manygeneral and single actions, and, at the battle of trafalgar, had woundup his servitude with the loss of both his legs and an out-pension fromthe greenwich hospital, which he preferred to being received upon theestablishment, as he had a wife and child.
since that time he hadworked on the river.
he was very active, and broad-shouldered, and hadprobably, before he lost his legs, been a man of at least five feeteleven or six feet high; but as he found that he could keep his balancebetter upon short stumps than long ones, he had reduced his wooden legsto about eight inches in length, which, with his square body, gave himthe appearance of a huge dwarf.
he bore, and i will say mostdeservedly, an excellent character.
his temper was always cheerful, andhe was a little inclined to drink: but the principal feature in him waslightness of heart; he was always singing.
his voice was very fine andpowerful.
when in the service he used to be summoned to sing to thecaptain and officers, and was the delight of the forecastle.
his memorywas retentive, and his stock of songs incredible, at the same time, heseldom or ever sang more than one or two stanzas of a song in the way ofquotation, or if apt to what was going on, often altering the words tosuit the occasion.
he was accompanied by his son tom, a lad of my ownage, as merry as his father, and who had a good treble voice and a gooddeal of humour; he would often take the song up from his father, withwords of his own putting in, with ready wit and good tune.
we threecomposed the crew of the lighter; and, as there had already beenconsiderable loss from demurrage, were embarked as soon as they arrived.
the name of the father was tom beazeley, but he was always known on theriver as "old tom" or, as some more learned wag had christened him, "the_merman on two sticks_."
as soon as we had put our traps on board, asold tom called them, he received his orders, and we cast off from thewharf.
the wind was favourable.
young tom was as active as a monkey,and as full of tricks.
his father took the helm, while we two, assistedby a dog of the small newfoundland breed, which tom had taught to take arope in his teeth, and be of no small service to two boys in bowsing ona tackle, made sail upon the lighter, and away we went, while old tom'sstrain might be heard from either shore.
"loose, loose every sail to the breeze,  the course of the vessel improve,  i've done with the toil of the seas,  ye sailors, i'm bound to my love.
"tom, you beggar, is the bundle ready for your mother?
we must drop theskiff, jacob, at battersea reach, and send the clothes on shore for theold woman to wash, or there'll be no clean shirts for sunday.
shove inyour shirts, jacob; the old woman won't mind that.
she used to wash forthe mess.
clap on, both of you, and get another pull at thosehaulyards.
that'll do, my bantams.
"hoist, hoist, every sail to the breeze,  come, shipmates, and join in the song,  let's drink while the barge cuts the seas,  to the gale that may drive her along.
"tom, where's my pot of tea?
come, my boy, we must pipe to breakfast.
jacob, there's a rope towing overboard.
now, tom, hand me my tea, andi'll steer her with one hand, drink with the other, and as for the legs,the less we say about them the better.
"no glory i covet, no riches i want,  ambition is nothing to me.
but one thing i beg of kind heaven to grant--"tom's treble chimed in, handing him the pot--  "for _breakfast a good cup of tea_.
"silence, you sea-cook!
how dare you shove in your penny whistle!
"three quarters ebb."
"no, it a'n't, you thief; how is it jacob?"
"about half, i think."
"and you're right."
"what water have we down here on the side?"
"you must give the point a wide berth," replied i; "the shoals runsout."
"thanky, boy, so i thought, but wasn't sure:" and then old tom burst outin a beautiful air:  "trust not too much your own opinion,  when your vessel's under weigh,  let good advice still bear dominion;  that's a compass will not stray."
"old tom, is that you?"
hallooed a man from another barge.
"yes; what's left of me, my hearty."
"you'll not fetch the bridges this tide--there's a strong breeze rightup the reaches below."
"never mind, we'll do all we can.
"if unassailed by squall or shower,  wafted by the gentle gales  let's not lose the favouring hour,  while success attends our sails."
"bravo, old tom!
why don't the boys get the lines out, for all thefishes are listening for you," cried the man, as the barges were partedby the wind and tide.
"i did once belong to a small craft called the anon," observed old tom,"and they say as how the story was, that that chap could make the fishfollow him just when he pleased.
i know that when we were in the northsea the shoals of seals would follow the ship if you whistled; but thesebrutes have ears--now fish hav'n't got none.
"oh well do i remember that cold dreary land,  here the northern light,  in the winter's night,  shone bright on its snowy strand.
"jacob, have you finished your breakfast?
here, take the helm, while iand tom put the craft a little into apple-pie order."
old tom then stumped forward, followed by his son and the newfoundlanddog, who appeared to consider himself as one of the most usefulpersonages on board.
after coiling down the ropes, and sweeping thedecks, they went into the cabin to make their little arrangements.
"a good lock that, tom," cried the father, turning the key of thecupboard.
(i recollected it, and that its snapping so loud was theoccasion of my being tossed overboard.)
old tom continued: "i say, tom,you won't be able to open that cupboard, so i'll put the sugar and thegrog into it, you scamp.
it goes too fast when you're purser's steward.
"for grog is our larboard and starboard,  our main-mast, our mizzen, our log,  on shore, or at sea, or when harbour'd,  the mariner's compass is grog."
"but it arn't a compass to steer steady by, father," replied tom.
"then don't you have nothing to do with it, tom."
"i only takes a little, father, because you mayn't take too much."
"thanky for nothing; when do i ever take too much, you scamp?"
"not too much for a man standing on his own pins, but too much for a manon two broomsticks."
"stop your jaw, mr tom, or i'll unscrew one of the broomsticks, and layit over your shoulders."
"before it's out of the socket, i'll give you _leg-bail_.
what will youdo then, father?"
"catch you when i can, tom, as the spider takes the fly."
"what's the good o' that, when you can't bear malice for ten minutes?"
"very true, tom?
then thank your stars that you have two good legs, andthat your poor father has none."
"i very often do thank my stars, and that's the truth of it; but what'sthe use of being angry about a drop of rum, or a handful of sugar?"
"because you takes more than your allowance."
"well, do you take less, then all will be right."
"and why should i take less, pray?"
"because you're only half a man; you haven't any legs to provide for, asi have."
"now, i tell you, tom, that's the very reason why i should have more tocomfort my old body for the loss of them."
"when you lost your legs you lost your ballast, father, and, therefore,you mustn't carry too much sail, or you'll topple overboard some darknight.
if i drink the grog, it's all for your good, you see."
"you're a dutiful son in that way, at all events; and a sweet child, asfar as sugar goes; but jacob is to sleep in the cabin with me, andyou'll shake your blanket forward."
"now that i consider quite unnatural; why part father and son?"
"it's not that exactly, it's only parting son and the grog bottle."
"that's just as cruel; why part two such good friends?"
"'cause, tom, he's too strong for you, and floors you sometimes."
"well, but i forgives him; it's all done in good humour."
"tom, you're a wag; but you wag your tongue to no purpose.
liquor ain'tgood for a boy like you, and it grows upon you."
"well, don't i grow too?
we grow together."
"you'll grow faster without it."
"i've no wish to be a tall man cut short, like you."
"if i hadn't been a tall man, my breath would have been cut short forever; the ball which took my legs would have cut you right in half."
"and the ball that would take your head off, would whistle over mine; sothere we are equal again."
"and there's the grog fast," replied old tom, turning the key, andputting it into his pocket.
"that's a stopper over all; so now we'll goon deck."
i have narrated this conversation, as it will give the reader a betteridea of tom, and his way of treating his father.
tom was fond of hisfather, and although mischievous, and too fond of drinking when he couldobtain liquor, was not disobedient or vicious.
we had nearly reachedbattersea fields when they returned on deck.
"do you know, jacob, how the parish of battersea came into thepossession of those fields?"
"no, i do not."
"well, then, i'll tell you; it was because the battersea people weremore humane and charitable than their neighbours.
there was a time whenthose fields were of no value; now they're worth a mint of money, theysay.
the body of a poor devil, who was drowned in the river, was washedon shore on those banks, and none of the parishes would be at theexpense of burying it.
the battersea people, though they had leastright to be called upon, would not allow the poor fellow's corpse to belying on the mud, and they went to the expense.
now, when the fieldsbecame of value, the other parishes were ready enough to claim them; butthe case was tried, and as it was proved that battersea had buried thebody, the fields were decided to belong to that parish.
so they werewell paid for their humanity, and they deserved it.
mr drummond saysyou know the river well, jacob."
"i was born on it."
"yes, so i heard, and all about your father and mother's death.
i wastelling tom of it, because he's too fond of _bowsing up his jib_."
"well, father, there's no occasion to remind jacob; the tear is in hiseye already," replied tom, with consideration.
"i wish you never had any other _drop_ in your _eye_,--but never mind,jacob, i didn't think of what i was saying.
look ye, d'ye see thatlittle house with the two chimneys--that's mine, and there's my oldwoman.--i wonder what she's about just now."
old tom paused for awhile, with his eyes fixed on the object, and then burst out:--  "i've crossed the wide waters, i've trod the lone strand,  i've triumphed in battle, i've lighted the brand,  i've borne the loud thunder of death o'er the foam;  fame, riches, ne'er found them,--yet still found a home.
"tom, boy, haul up the skiff and paddle on shore with the bundle; askthe old woman how she is, and tell her i'm hearty."
tom was in the boatin a moment, and pulling lustily for the shore.
"that makes merecollect when i returned to my mother, a'ter the first three years ofmy sea service.
i borrowed the skiff from the skipper.--i was in agreenland-man, my first ship, and pulled ashore to my mother's cottageunder the cliff.
i thought the old soul would have died with joy."
here old tom was silent, brushed a tear from his eye, and, as usual,commenced a strain, _sotto voce_:--  "why, what's that to you if my eyes i'm a wiping?
a tear is a pleasure, d'ye see, in its way.
"how, miserable," continued he, after another pause, "the poor thing waswhen i would go to sea--how she begged and prayed--boys have no feeling,that's sartin."
"o bairn, dinna leave me, to gang far away,  o bairn, dinna leave me, ye're a' that i hae,  think on a mither, the wind and the wave,  a mither set on ye, her feet in the grave.
"however, she got used to it at last, as the woman said when she skinnedthe ells.
tom's a good boy, jacob, but not steady, as they say you are.
his mother spoils him, and i can't bear to be cross to him neither; forhis heart's in the right place, after all.
there's the old womanshaking her dish-clout at us as a signal.
i wish i had gone on shoremyself, but i can't step into these paper-built little boats without mytimber toes going through at the bottom."
the two toms take to protocolling--treaty of peace ratified between thebelligerent parties--lots of songs and supper--the largest mess of roastmeat upon record.
tom then shoved off the skiff.
when half-way between the lighter andthe shore, while his mother stood watching us, he lay on his oars.
cried his mother, shaking her fist at him, as he stoopeddown his head; "if you do, tom!"
cried his father, shaking his fist also; "if you dare, tom!"
but tom was not within reach of either party; and he dragged a bottleout of the basket which his mother had entrusted to him, and putting itto his mouth, took a long swig.
"that's enough, tom!"
screamed his mother, from the shore.
"that's too much, you rascal!"
cried his father, from the barge.
neither admonition was, however, minded by tom, who took what heconsidered his allowance, and then very coolly pulled alongside, andhanded up the basket and bundle of clean clothes on deck.
tom then gavethe boat's painter to his father, who, i perceived, intended to salutehim with the end of it as soon as he came up; but tom was too knowing--he surged the boat ahead, and was on deck and forward before his fathercould stump up to him.
the main hatch was open, and tom put thatobstacle between his father and himself before he commenced his parley.
"what's the matter, father?"
said tom, smiling, and looking at me.
"matter, you scamp!
how dare you touch the bottle?"
"the bottle--the bottle's there, as good as ever."
"the grog is what i mean--how dare you drink it?"
"i was half-way between my mother and you, and so i drank success andlong life to you both.
ain't that being a very dutiful son?"
"i wish i had my legs back again, you rascal!"
"you wish you had the grog back again, you mean, father."
"you have to choose between--for if you had the grog you'd keep yourlegs."
"for the matter of drinking the grog, you scamp, you seem determined tostand in my shoes."
"well, shoes are of no use to you now, father--why shouldn't i?
whydon't you trust me?
if you hadn't locked the cupboard, i wouldn't havehelped myself."
and tom, whose bootlace was loose, stooped down to makeit fast.
old tom, who was still in wrath, thought this a good opportunity, as hisson's head was turned the other way, to step over the bricks, withwhich, as i before said, the lighter had been laden level with the mainhatchway, and take his son by surprise.
tom, who had no idea of thismanoeuvre, would certainly have been captured, but, fortunately for him,one of the upper bricks turned over, and let his father's wooden legdown between two of the piles, where it was jammed fast.
old tomattempted to extricate himself, but could not.
"tom, tom, come here,"cried he, "and pull me out."
"not i," replied tom.
"jacob, jacob, come here; tom, run and take the helm."
"not i," replied tom.
"jacob, never mind the helm, she'll drift all right for a minute," criedold tom; "come and help me."
but i had been so amused with the scene, and having a sort of feelingfor young tom, that i declared it impossible to leave the helm withouther going on the banks.
i therefore remained, wishing to see in whatway the two toms would get out of their respective scrapes.
tom, you scoundrel, am i to stick here all day?"
"no, father, i don't suppose you will.
i shall help you directly."
"well, then, why don't you do it?"
"because i must come to terms.
you don't think i'd help myself to athrashing, do you?"
"i won't thrash you, tom.
shiver my timbers if i do."
"they're in a fair way of being shivered as it is, i think.
now,father, we're both even."
"why you clapped a stopper over all on me this morning, and now you'vegot one on yourself."
"well, then, take off mine, and i'll take off yours."
"if i unlock your leg, you'll unlock the cupboard?"
"and you promise me a _stiff one_ after dinner?"
"yes, yes, as stiff as i stand here."
"no, that will be too much, for it would _set me fast_.
i only like itabout half-and-half, as i took it just now."
tom, who was aware that his father would adhere to his agreement,immediately went to his assistance, and throwing out some of the upperbricks, released him from his confinement.
when old tom was once moreon deck and on his legs, he observed, "it's an ill wind that blowsnobody good.
the _loss_ of my leg has been the _saving_ of you many atime, mr tom."
it was now time to anchor, as we were meeting the flood.
tom, whoofficiated as cook, served up the dinner, which was ready; and we wereall very pleasant; tom treating his father with perfect confidence.
aswe had not to weigh again for some hours, our repast was prolonged, andold tom, having fulfilled his promise to his son of a _stiff one_, tookone or two himself, and became very garrulous.
"come, spin us a good yarn, father; we've nothing to do, and jacob willlike to hear you."
"well, then, so i will," answered he; "what shall it be about?"
"fire and water, of course," replied tom.
"well, then, i'll tell you something about both, since you wish it; howi came into his majesty's sarvice, through _fire_, and how the officerwho pressed me went out of it through _water_.
i was still 'prentice,and wanted about three months to sarve my time, when, of course, ishould no longer be protected from sarving the king, when the ship i wasin sailed up the baltic with a cargo of bullocks.
we had at least twohundred on board, tied up on platforms on every deck, with their headsclose to the sides, and all their sterns looking in-board.
they werefat enough when they were shipped, but soon dwindled away: the weatherwas very bad, and the poor creatures rolled against each other, andslipped about in a way that it pitied you to see them.
however, theywere stowed so thick, that they held one another up, which proved ofservice to them in the heavy gales which tossed the ship about like apea in a rattle.
we had joined a large convoy, and were entering thesound, when, as usual, it fell calm, and out came the danish gunboats toattack us.
the men-of-war who had charge of the convoy behaved nobly;but still they were becalmed, and many of us were a long way astern.
our ship was pretty well up; but she was too far in-shore; and the danesmade a dash at us with the hope of making a capture.
the men-of-war,seeing what the enemy were about, sent boats to beat them off; but itwas too late to prevent them boarding, which they did.
not wishing topeep through the bars of the gaol at copenhagen, we left the ship in ourboats on one side, just as the danes boarded on the other, and pulledtowards the men-of-war's armed boats coming to our assistance.
themen-of-war's boats pulled right for the ship to retake her, which theydid, certainly, but not before the enemy had set fire to the vessel, andhad then pulled off towards another.
seeing this, the men-of-war'sboats again gave chase to the danes, leaving us to extinguish theflames, which were now bursting out fore and aft, and climbing likefiery serpents up to the main catharprings.
we soon found that it wasimpossible; we remained as long as the heat and smoke would permit us,and then we were obliged to be off, but i shall never forget the roaringand moaning of the poor animals who were then roasting alive.
it was acruel thing of the danes to fire a vessel full of these poor creatures.
some had broken loose, and were darting up and down the decks goringothers, and tumbling down the hatchways; others remained trembling, ortrying to snuff up a mouthful of fresh air amongst the smoke; but thestruggling and bellowing, as the fire caught the vessel fore and aft,and was grilling two hundred poor creatures at once, was at lastshocking, and might have been heard for a mile.
we did all we could.
icut the throats of a dozen, but they kicked and struggled so much,falling down [upon], and treading you under their feet; and one lay uponme, and i expected to be burnt with them, for it was not until i washelped that i got clear of the poor animal.
so we stayed as long as wecould, and then left them to their fate; and the smell of burnt meat, aswe shoved off, was as horrible as the cries and wailings of the poorbeasts themselves.
the men-of-war's boats returned, having chased awaythe danes, and very kindly offered us all a ship, as we had lost ourown, so that you see that by _fire_ i was forced into his majesty'ssarvice.
now, the boat that took us belonged to one of the frigates whohad charge of the convoy, and the lieutenant who commanded the boat wasa swearing, tearing sort of a chap, who lived as if his life was to lastfor ever.
"after i was taken on board, the captain asked me if i would enter, andi thought that i might as well sarve the king handsomely, so ivolunteered.
it's always the best thing to do, when you're taken, andcan't help yourself, for you are more trusted than a pressed man who isobstinate.
i liked the sarvice from the first--the captain was not aparticular man; according to some people's ideas of the sarvice, shewasn't in quite man-of-war fashion, but she was a happy ship, and themen would have followed and fought for the captain to the last drop oftheir blood.
that's the sort of ship for me.
i've seen cleaner decks,but i never saw merrier hearts.
the only one of the officers dislikedby the men was the lieutenant who pressed me; he had a foul mouth and nodiscretion; and as for swearing, it was really terrible to hear thewords which came out of his mouth.
i don't mind an oath rapped out inthe heat of the moment, but he invented his oaths when he was cool, andlet them out in his rage.
we were returning home, after having seen theconvoy safe, when we met with a gale of wind in our teeth, one of thevery worst i ever fell in with.
it had been blowing hard from the southwest, and then shifted to the north west, and made a cross sea, whichwas tremendous.
now, the frigate was a very old vessel, and althoughthey had often had her into dock and repaired her below, they had takenno notice of her upper works, which were as rotten as a medlar.
i thinkit was about three bells in the middle watch, when the wind was howlingthrough the rigging, for we had no canvas on her 'cept a staysail andtrysail, when the stay-sail sheet went, and she broached-to afore theycould prevent her.
the lieutenant i spoke of had the watch, and hisvoice was heard through the roaring of the wind swearing at the men tohaul down the staysail, that we might bend on the sheet, and set itright again; when, she having, i said, broached-to, a wave--ay, a waveas high as the maintop almost, took the frigate right on her broadside,and the bulwarks of the quarter-deck being, as i said, quite rotten, cutthem off clean level with the main chains, sweeping them, and guns, andmen, all overboard together.
the mizzenmast went, but the mainmast heldon, and i was under its lee at the time, and was saved by clinging onlike a nigger, while for a minute i was under the water, which carriedalmost all away with it to leeward.
as soon as the water passed overme, i looked up and around me--it was quite awful; the quarter-deck wascut off as with a knife--not a soul left there, that i could see; no manat the wheel--mizzen-mast gone--skylights washed away--waves making aclear breach, and no defence; boats washed away from the quarters--allsilent on deck, but plenty of noise below and on the main-deck, for theship was nearly full of water, and all below were hurrying up in theirshirts, thinking that we were going down.
at last the captain crawledup, and clung by the stancheons, followed by the first lieutenant andthe officers, and by degrees all was quiet, the ship was cleared, andthe hands were turned up to muster under the half-deck.
there wereforty-seven men who did not answer to their names--they had beensummoned to answer for their lives, poor fellows!
and there was also theswearing lieutenant not to be found.
well, at last we got the hands ondeck, and put her before the wind, scudding under bare poles.
as wewent aft to the taffrail, the bulwark of which still remained, withabout six feet of the quarter-deck bulwark on each side, we observedsomething clinging to the stern-ladder, dipping every now and then intothe sea, as it rose under her counter, and assisted the wind in drivingher before the gale.
we soon made it out to be a man, and i went down,slipped a bowling knot over the poor fellow, and with some difficulty wewere both hauled up again.
it proved to be the lieutenant, who had beenwashed under the counter, and clung to the stern-ladder, and had thusmiraculously been preserved.
it was a long while before he came to, andhe never did any duty the whole week we were out, till we got intoyarmouth roads; indeed, he hardly ever spoke a word to any one, butseemed to be always in serious thought.
when we arrived, he gave hiscommission to the captain, and went on shore; went to school again, theysay, _bore up for a parson_, and, for all i know, he'll preach somewherenext sunday.
so you see, _water_ drove him out of the sarvice, and_fire_ forced me in.
there's a yarn for you, jacob."
"i like it very much," replied i.
"and now, father, give us a whole song, and none of your little bits."
old tom broke out with the "death of nelson," in a style that made thetune and words ring in my ears for the whole evening.
the moon was up before the tide served, and we weighed our anchor; oldtom steering, while his son was preparing supper, and i remainingforward, keeping a sharp look-out that we did not run foul of anything.
it was a beautiful night; and as we passed through the several bridges,the city appeared as if it were illuminated, from the quantity of gasthrowing a sort of halo of light over the tops of the buildings whichoccasionally marked out the main streets from the general dark mass--oldtom's voice was still occasionally heard, as the scene brought to hisremembrance his variety of song.
"for the murmur of thy lip, love,  comes sweetly unto me,  as the sound of oars that dip, love,  at moonlight on the sea."
i never was more delighted than when i heard these snatches of differentsongs poured forth in such melody from old tom's lips, the notesfloating along the water during the silence of the night.
i turned aftto look at him; his face was directed upwards, looking on the moon,which glided majestically through the heavens, silvering the whole ofthe landscape.
the water was smooth as glass, and the rapid tide hadswept us clear of the ranges of ships in the pool; both banks of theriver were clear, when old tom again commenced:--  "the moon is up, her silver beam  shines bower, and grove, and mountain over;  a flood of radiance heaven doth seem  to light thee, maiden, to thy lover."
"jacob, how does the bluff-nob bear?
on the starboard bow?"
"yes--broad on the bow; you'd better keep up half a point, the tidesweeps us fast."
"very true, jacob; look out, and say when steady it is, boy.
"if o'er her orb a cloud should rest,  'tis but thy cheek's soft blush to cover.
he waits to clasp thee to his breast;  the moon is up--go, meet thy lover.
"tom, what have you got for supper, boy?
what is that frizzing in yourfrying-pan?
smells good, anyhow."
"yes, and i expect will taste good too.
however, you look after themoon, father, and leave me and the frying-pan to play our parts."
"while i sing mine, i suppose, boy.
"the moon is up, round beauty's shine,  love's pilgrims bend at vesper hour,  earth breathes to heaven, and looks divine,  and lovers' hearts confess her power."
old tom stopped and the frying-pan frizzled on, sending forth an odourwhich, if not grateful to heaven, was peculiarly so to us mortals,hungry with the fresh air.
"how do we go now, jacob?"
"steady, and all's right; but we shall be met with the wind next reach,and had better brail up the mainsail."
"go, then, tom, and help jacob."
"i can't leave the _ingons_, [onions] father, not if the lighter tumbledoverboard; it would bring more tears in my eyes to spoil them, now thatthey are frying so merrily, than they did when i was cutting them up.
besides, the liver would be as black as the bends."
"clap the frying-pan down on deck, tom, and brail the sail up withjacob, there's a good boy.
you can give it another shake or twoafterwards.
"guide on, my bark, how sweet to rove,  with such a beaming eye above!
"that's right, my boys, belay all that; now to our stations; jacob onthe look-out, tom to his frying-pan, and i to the helm--  "no sound is heard to break the spell,  except the water's gentle swell;  while midnight, like a mimic day,  shines on to guide our moonlight way.
"well, the moon's a beautiful creature--god bless her!
how often havewe longed for her in the dark winter, channel-cruising, when the waveswere flying over the eddystone, and trying in their malice to put outthe light.
i don't wonder at people making songs to the moon, nor at mysinging them.
we'll anchor when we get down the next reach."
we swept the next reach with the tide which was now slacking fast.
ouranchor was dropped and we all went to supper, and to bed.
i have beenparticular in describing the first day of my being on board with my newshipmates, as it may be taken as a sample of our every day life; tom andhis father fighting and making friends, cooking, singing, and spinningyarns.
still, i shall have more scenes to describe.
our voyage wasmade, we took in a return cargo, and arrived at the proprietor's wharf,when i found that i could not proceed with them the next voyage, as thetrial of fleming and marables was expected to come on in a few days.
the lighter, therefore, took in another cargo, and sailed without me;mr drummond, as usual, giving me the run of his house.
i help to hang my late bargemate for his attempt to drown me--one goodturn deserves another--the subject suddenly dropped at newgate--a yarnin the law line--with due precautions and preparations, the dominiemakes his first voyage--to gravesend.
it was on the 7th of november, if i recollect rightly, that fleming andmarables were called up to trial at the old bailey, and i was in thecourt, with mr drummond and the dominie, soon after ten o'clock.
afterthe judge had taken his seat, as their trial was first on the list, theywere ushered in.
they were both clean and well dressed.
in fleming icould perceive little difference; he was pale, but resolute; but when ilooked at marables i was astonished.
mr drummond did not at firstrecognise him--he had fallen away from seventeen stone to, at the most,thirteen--his clothes hung loosely about him--his ruddy cheeks hadvanished--his nose was becoming sharp, and his full round face had beenchanged to an oblong.
still there remained that natural good-humouredexpression in his countenance, and the sweet smile played upon his lips.
his eyes glanced fearfully round the court--he felt his disgracefulsituation--the colour mounted to his temples and forehead, and he thenbecame again pale as a sheet, casting down his eyes as if desirous tosee no more.
after the indictment had been read over, the prisoners were asked by theclerk whether they pleaded guilty or not guilty.
"not guilty," replied fleming, in a bold voice.
"john marables--guilty or not guilty?"
"guilty," replied marables--"guilty, my lord;" and he covered his facewith his hands.
fleming was indicted on three counts;--an assault, with intent tomurder; having stolen goods in his possession; and for a burglary in adwelling-house, on such a date; but i understand that they had nearlytwenty more charges against him, had these failed.
marables wasindicted for having been an accessary to the last charge, as receiver ofstolen goods.
the counsel for the crown, who opened the trial, statedthat fleming, _alias_ barkett, _alias_ wenn, with many more _aliases_,had for a long while been at the head of the most notorious gang ofthieves which had infested the metropolis for many years; that justicehad long been in search of him, but that he had disappeared, and it hadbeen supposed that he had quitted the kingdom to avoid the penalties ofthe law, to which he had subjected himself by his enormities.
itappeared however, that he had taken a step which not only blinded theofficers of the police, but at the same time had enabled the gang tocarry on their depredations with more impunity than ever.
he hadconcealed himself in a lighter on the river, and appearing in her as onediligently performing his duty, and earning his livelihood as an honestman had by such means been enabled to extend his influence, the numberof his associates, and his audacious schemes.
the principal means ofdetection in cases of burglary was by advertising the goods, and thegreat difficulty on the part of such miscreants was to obtain a readysale for them--the receivers of stolen goods being aware that thethieves were at their mercy, and must accept what was offered.
now, toobviate these difficulties, fleming had, as we before observed,concealed himself from justice on board of a river barge, which was madethe receptacle for stolen goods: those which had been nefariouslyobtained at one place being by him and his associates carried up anddown the river in the craft, and disposed of at a great distance, bywhich means the goods were never brought to light, so as to enable thepolice to recognise or trace them.
this system had now been carried onwith great success for upwards of twelve months, and would, in allprobability, have not been discovered even now, had it not been that aquarrel as to profits had taken place, which had induced two of hisassociates to give information to the officers; and these two associateshad also been permitted to turn king's evidence, in a case of burglary,in which fleming was a principal, provided that it was considerednecessary.
but there was a more serious charge against the prisoner,--that of having attempted the life of a boy, named jacob faithful,belonging to the lighter, and who, it appeared, had suspicions of whatwas going on, and, in duty to his master, had carefully watched theproceedings, and given notice to others of what he had discovered fromtime to time.
the lad was the chief evidence against the prisonerfleming, and also against marables, the other prisoner, of whom he couldonly observe, that circumstances would transpire, during the trial, inhis favour, which he had no doubt would be well considered by hislordship.
he would not detain the gentlemen of the jury any longer, butat once call on his witnesses.
i was then summoned, again asked the same questions as to the nature ofan oath, and the judge being satisfied with my replies, i gave myevidence as before; the judge as i perceived, carefully examining myprevious disposition, to ascertain if anything i now said was atvariance with my former assertions.
i was then cross-examined by thecounsel for fleming, but he could not make me vary in my evidence, idid, however, take the opportunity, whenever i was able, of saying all icould in favour of marables.
at last the counsel said he would ask meno more questions.
i was dismissed; and the police-officer who hadpicked me up, and other parties who identified the various property astheir own, and the manner in which they had been robbed of it, wereexamined.
the evidence was too clear to admit of doubt.
the juryimmediately returned a verdict of guilty against fleming and marables,but strongly recommended marables to the mercy of the crown.
the judgerose, put on his black cap, and addressed the prisoners as follows.
thecourt was so still, that a pin falling might have been heard:--"you, william fleming, have been tried by a jury of your countrymen,upon the charge of receiving stolen goods, to which you have added themost atrocious crime of intended murder.
you have had a fair andimpartial trial, and have been found guilty; and it appears that, evenhad you escaped in this instance, other charges, equally heavy, andwhich would equally consign you to condign punishment, were in readinessto be preferred against you.
your life has been one of guilt, not onlyin your own person, but also in abetting and stimulating others tocrime; and you have wound up your shameful career by attempting the lifeof a fellow-creature.
to hold out to you any hope of mercy isimpossible.
your life is justly forfeited to the offended laws of yourcountry; and your sentence is that you be removed from this court to theplace from whence you came, and from thence to the place of execution,there to be hanged by the neck till you are dead; and may god, in hisinfinite goodness, have mercy on your soul!
"you, john marables, have pleaded guilty to the charges brought againstyou; and it has appeared, during the evidence brought out on the trial,that, although you have been a party to these nefarious transactions,you are far from being hardened in your guilt."
"i believe sincerely that you are not, and much regret thatone who, from the evidence brought forward, appears to have been,previously to this unfortunate connection, an honest man, should nowappear in so disgraceful a situation.
a severe punishment is, however,demanded by the voice of justice, and by that sentence of the law youmust now be condemned: at the same time i trust that an appeal to themercy of your sovereign will not be made in vain."
the judge then passed the sentence upon marables, the prisoners were ledout of court, and a new trial commenced; while mr drummond and thedominie conducted me home.
about a week after the trial, flemingsuffered the penalty of the law; while marables was sentenced totransportation for life, which, however, previous to his sailing, wascommuted to seven years.
in a few days the lighter returned.
her arrival was announced to me onefine sunny morning as i lay in bed, by a voice whose well-known notespoured into my ear as i was half dozing on my pillow:--  "bright are the beams of the morning sky,  and sweet the dew the red blossoms sip,  but brighter the glances of dear woman's eye--"tom, you monkey, belay the warp, and throw the fenders over the side.
be smart, or old fuzzle will be growling about his red paint.
"and sweet is the dew on her lip."
i jumped out of my little crib, threw open the window, the panes ofwhich were crystallised with the frost in the form of little trees, andbeheld the lighter just made fast to the wharf, the sun shiningbrightly, old tom's face as cheerful as the morn, and young tomlaughing, jumping about, and blowing his fingers.
i was soon dressed,and shaking hands with my barge-mates.
"well, jacob, how do you like the old bailey?
never was in it but oncein my life, and never mean to go again if i can help it; that was whensam bowles was tried for his life, but my evidence saved him.
i'll tellyou how it was.
tom, look a'ter the breakfast; a bowl of tea this coldmorning will be worth having.
come, jump about."
"but i never heard the story of sam bowles," answered tom.
"what's that to you?
i'm telling it to jacob."
"but i want to hear it--so go on, father.
i'll start you.
well, d'yesee, sam bowles--""master tom, them as play with _bowls_ may meet with _rubbers_.
takecare i don't _rub_ down your hide.
off, you thief, and get breakfast."
"no, i won't: if i don't have your _bowles_ you shall have no _bowls_ oftea.
i've made my mind up to that."
"i tell you what, tom; i shall never get any good out of you until ihave both your legs ampitated.
i've a great mind to send for thefarrier."
"thanky, father; but i find them very useful."
"well," said i, "suppose we put off the story till breakfast time; andi'll go and help tom to get it ready."
"be it so, jacob.
i suppose tom must have his way, as i spoiled himmyself.
i made him so fond of yarns, so i was a fool to be vexed.
"oh, life is a river, and man is the boat  that over its surface is destined to float;  and joy is a cargo so easily stored,  that he is a fool who takes sorrow on board.
"now i'll go on shore to master, and find out what's to be done next.
give me my stick, boy, and i shall crawl over the planks a little safer.
a safe stool must have three legs, you know."
old tom then stumped away on shore.
in about a quarter of an hour hereturned, bringing half-a-dozen red herrings.
"here, tom, grill these sodgers.
jacob, who is that tall old chap, withsuch a devil of a cutwater, which i met just now with master?
we arebound for sheerness this trip, and i'm to land him at greenwich."
"what, the dominie?"
replied i, from old tom's description.
"his name did begin with a d, but that wasn't it."
"yes, that's nearer; he's to be a passenger on board of us, going downto see a friend who's very ill.  now, tom, my hearty, bring out thecrockery, for i want a little inside lining."
we all sat down to our breakfast, and as soon as old tom had finished,his son called for the history of sam bowles.
"well, now you shall have it.
sam bowles was a shipmate of mine onboard of the greenlandman; he was one of our best harpooners, and agood, quiet, honest messmate as ever slung a hammock.
he was spliced toas pretty a piece of flesh as ever was seen, but she wasn't as good asshe was pretty.
we were fitting out for another voyage, and his wifehad been living on board with him some weeks, for sam was devilishspoony on her, and couldn't bear her to be out of his sight.
as we'spected to sail in a few days, we were filling up our complement ofmen, and fresh hands came on board every day.
"one morning, a fine tall fellow, with a tail as thick as a hawser, cameon board and offered himself; he was taken by the skipper, and went onshore again to get his traps.
while he was still on deck i went below,and seeing sam with his little wife on his knee playing with hislove-locks, i said that there was a famous stout and good-looking fellowthat we should have as a shipmate.
sam's wife, who, like all women, wasa little curious, put her head up the hatchway to look at him.
she putit down again very quick, as i thought, and made some excuse to goforward in the eyes of her, where she remained some time, and then, whenshe came aft, told sam that she would go on shore.
now, as it had beenagreed that she should remain on board till we were clear of the river,sam couldn't think what the matter was; but she was positive, and goaway she did, very much to sam's astonishment and anger.
in theevening, sam went on shore and found her out, and what d'ye think thelittle jezebel told him?--why, that one of the men had been rude to herwhen she went forward, and that's why she wouldn't stay on board.
samwas in a devil of a passion at this, and wanted to know which was theman; but she fondled him, and wouldn't tell him, because she was afraidthat he'd be hurt.
at last she bamboozled him, and sent him on boardagain quite content.
well, we remained three days longer, and thendropped down the river to greenwich, where the captain was to come onboard, and we were to sail as soon as the wind was fair.
now, this finetall fellow was with us when we dropped down the river, and as sam wassitting down on his chest eating a basin o' soup, the other man takesout a 'baccy pouch of seal-skin;--it was a very curious one, made out ofthe white and spotted part of a young seal's belly.
`i say, shipmate,'cries sam, `hand me over my 'baccy pouch.
where did you pick it up?'
says he to him; `i killed the seal, and my fancy girlmade the pouch for me.'
"`well, if that ain't cool!
you'd swear a man out of his life, mate.
tom,' says he to me, `ain't that my pouch which my wife gave me when icame back last trip?'
"i looked at it, and knew it again, and said it was.
the tall fellowdenied it, and there was a devil of a bobbery.
sam called him a thief,and he pitched sam right down the main hatchway among the casks.
afterthat there was a regular set-to, and sam was knocked all to shivers, andobliged to give in.
when the fight was over, i took up sam's shirt forhim to put on.
`that's my shirt,' cried the tall fellow.
"`that's sam's shirt,' replied i; `i know it's his.'
"`i tell you it's mine,' replied the man; `my lass gave it to me to puton when i got up this morning.
the other is his shirt.'
"we looked at the other, and they both were sam's shirts.
now when samheard this, he put two and two together, and became very jealous anduneasy: he thought it odd that his wife was so anxious to leave the shipwhen this tall fellow came on board; and what with the pouch and theshirt he was puzzled.
his wife had promised to come down to greenwichand see him off.
when we anchored, some of the men went on shore--amongothers the tall fellow.
sam, whose head was swelled up like a pumpkin,told one of his shipmates to say to his wife that he could not come onshore, and that she must come off to him.
well, it was about nineo'clock, dark, and all the stars were twinkling, when sam says to me,`tom, let's go on shore; my black eyes can't be seen in the dark.'
aswe hauled up the boat, the second mate told sam to take his harpoon-ironon shore for him, to have the hole for the becket punched larger.
awaywe went, and the first place, of course, that sam went to, was the housewhere he knew that his wife put up at, as before.
he went upstairs toher room, and i followed him.
the door was not made fast, and in wewent.
there was his little devil of a wife, fast asleep in the arms ofthe tall fellow.
sam couldn't command his rage, and having theharpoon-iron in his hand, he drove it right through the tall fellow'sbody before i could prevent him.
it was a dreadful sight: the mangroaned, and his head fell over the side of the bed.
sam's wifescreamed, and made sam more wroth by throwing herself on the man's body,and weeping over it.
sam would have pulled out the iron to run herthrough with, but that was impossible.
the noise brought up the peopleof the house, and it was soon known that murder had been committed.
theconstable came, sam was thrown into prison, and i went on board and toldthe whole story.
well, we were just about to heave up, for we hadshipped two more men in place of sam, who was to be tried for his life,and the poor fellow he had killed, when a lawyer chap came on board withwhat they call a _suppeny_ for me; all i know is, that the lawyerpressed me into his service, and i lost my voyage.
i was taken onshore, and well fed till the trial came on.
poor sam was at the bar formurder.
the gentleman in his gown and wig began his yarn, stating thathow the late fellow, whose name was will errol, was with his own wifewhen sam harpooned him.
"`that's a lie!'
cried sam; `he was with my wife.
hereare mine;' and he pulled out his tin case, and handed them to the court.
"the judge said that this was not the way to try people and that sammust hold his tongue; so the trial went on, and at first they had it alltheir own way.
then our turn came, and i was called up to prove whathad passed, and i stated how the man was with sam's wife, and how he,having the harpoon-iron in his hand, had run it through his body.
thenthey compared the certificates, and it was proved that the littlejezebel had married them both; but she had married sam first, so he hadthe most right to her; but fancying the other man afterwards, shethought she might as well have two strings to her bow.
so the judgedeclared that she was sam's wife, and that any man, even without theharpoon in his hand, would be justified in killing a man whom he foundin bed with his own wife.
so sam went scot-free; but the judge wouldn'tlet off sam's wife, as she had caused murder by her wicked conduct; hetried her a'terwards for _biggery_, as they call it, and sent her overthe water for life.
sam never held up his head a'terwards; what withhaving killed an innocent man, and the 'haviour of his wife, he wasalways down.
he went out to the fishery, and a whale cut the boat intwo with her tail; sam was stunned, and went down like a stone.
so yousee the mischief brought about by this little jezebel, who must have twohusbands, and be damned to her."
"well, that's a good yarn, father," said tom, as soon as it wasfinished.
"i was right in saying i would hear it.
"no," replied old tom, putting out his large hand, and seizing his sonby the collar; "and now you've put me in mind of it, i'll pay you offfor old scores."
"lord love you, father, you don't owe me anything," said tom.
"yes, i do; and now i'll give you a receipt in full."
they'll be drowned," screamed tom, holding up both his handswith every symptom of terror.
old tom turned short round to look in the direction, letting go hishold.
tom made his escape, and burst out a-laughing.
i laughed also,and so at last did his father.
i went on shore, and found that old tom's report was correct--thedominie was at breakfast with mr drummond.
the new usher had charge ofthe boys, and the governors had allowed him a fortnight's holiday tovisit an old friend at greenwich.
to save expense, as well as toindulge his curiosity, the old man had obtained a passage down in thelighter.
"never yet, jacob, have i put my feet into that which floatethon the watery element," observed he to me; "nor would i now, but that itsaveth money, which thou knowest well is with me not plentiful.
manydangers i expect, many perils shall i encounter; such have i read of inbooks; and well might horace exclaim--`_ille robur et aes triplex_,'with reference to the first man who ventured afloat.
still doth mrdrummond assure me that the lighter is of that strength as to be able toresist the force of the winds and waves; and, confiding in providence, iintend to venture, jacob, `_te duce_.'"
"nay, sir," replied i, laughing at the idea which the dominie appearedto have formed of the dangers of river navigation, "old tom is the_dux_."
"old tom; where have i seen that name?
now i do recall to mind that ihave seen the name painted in large letters upon a cask at the tavernbar of the inn at brentford; but what it did intend to signify i did notinquire.
what connection is there?"
"none," replied i; "but i rather think they are very good friends.
thetide turns in half-an-hour, sir; are you ready to go on board?"
"truly am i, and well prepared, having my habiliments in a bundle, myumbrella and my great-coat, as well as my spencer for general wear.
butwhere i am to sleep hath not yet been made known to me.
peradventureone sleepeth not--`_tanto in periculo_.'"
"yes, sir, we do.
you shall have my berth, and i'll turn in with youngtom."
"hast thou, then, a young tom as well as an old tom on board?"
"yes, sir; and a dog, also, of the name of tommy."
"well, then, we will embark, and thou shalt make me known to this triadof thomases.
`_inde_ tomos _dictus locus est_.'
ovid, i thank thee."
much learning afloat--young tom is very lively upon the dead languages--the dominie, after experiencing the wonders of the mighty deep, preparesto revel upon lobscouse--though the man of learning gets many songs andsome yarns from old tom, he loses the best part of a tale withoutknowing it.
the old dominie's bundle and other paraphernalia being sent on board, hetook farewell of mr drummond and his family in so serious a manner,that i was convinced that he considered he was about to enter upon adangerous adventure, and then i led him down to the wharf where thelighter lay alongside.
it was with some trepidation that he crossed theplank, and got on board, when he recovered himself and looked round.
"my sarvice to you, old gentleman," said a voice behind the dominie.
itwas that of old tom, who had just come from the cabin.
the dominieturned round, and perceived old tom.
"this is old tom, sir," said i to the dominie, who stared withastonishment.
"art thou, indeed?
jacob, thou didst not tell me that he had beencurtailed of his fair proportions, and i was surprised.
art thou thendux?"
continued the dominie, addressing old tom.
"yes," interrupted young tom, who had come from forward, "he is _ducks_,because he waddles on his short stumps; and i won't say who be goose.
"take care you don't _buy goose_, for your imperance, sir," cried oldtom.
"a forward boy," exclaimed the dominie.
"yes," replied tom "i'm generally forward."
"art thou forward in thy learning?
canst thou tell me latin for goose?"
"to be sure," replied tom; "brandy."
exclaimed the dominie.
"nay, child, it is _anser_."
"then i was right," replied tom.
"you had your _answer_!"
"the boy is apt."
"he is apt to be devilish saucy, old gentleman; but never mind that,there's no harm in him."
"this, then, is young tom, i presume, jacob?"
said the dominie,referring to me.
"yes, sir," replied i.
"you have seen old tom, and young tom, and youhave only to see tommy."
"want to see tommy, sir?"
"here, tommy, tommy!"
but tommy, who was rather busy with a bone forward, did not immediatelyanswer to his call, and the dominie turned round to survey the river.
the scene was busy, barges and boats passing in every direction, otherslying on shore, with waggons taking out the coals and other cargoes, menat work, shouting or laughing with each other.
"`_populus in fluviis_,'as virgil hath it.
grand indeed is the vast river, `_labitur et labeturin omne volubilis aevum_,' as the generations of men are swept intoeternity," said the dominie, musing aloud.
but tommy had now made hisappearance, and tom, in his mischief, had laid hold of the tail of thedominie's coat, and shown it to the dog.
the dog, accustomed to seize arope when it was shown to him, immediately seized the dominie's coat,making three desperate tugs at it.
the dominie, who was in one of hisreveries, and probably thought it was i who wished to direct hisattention elsewhere, each time waved his hand, without turning round, asmuch as to say, "i am busy now."
"haul and hold," cried tom to the dog, splitting his sides, and thetears running down his cheeks with laughing.
tommy made one moredesperate tug, carrying away one tail of the dominie's coat; but thedominie perceived it not, he was still "_nubibus_," while the doggalloped forward with the fragment, and tom chased him to recover it.
the dominie continued in his reverie, when old tom burst out--  "o, england, dear england, bright gem of the ocean,  thy valleys and fields look fertile and gay,  the heart clings to thee with a sacred devotion,  and memory adores when in far lands away."
the song gradually called the dominie to his recollection; indeed, thestrain was so beautiful that it would have vibrated in the ears of adying man.
the dominie gradually turned round, and when old tom hadfinished, exclaimed, "truly it did delight mine ear, and from such--and," continued the dominie, looking down upon old tom--"without legstoo!"
"why, old gentleman, i don't sing with my _legs_," answered old tom.
"nay, good _dux_, i am not so deficient as not to be aware that a mansingeth from the mouth; yet is thy voice mellifluous, sweet as the honeyof hybla, strong--""as the latin for goose," finished tom.
"come, father, old _dictionary_is in the doldrums; rouse him up with another stave."
"i'll rouse you up with the stave of a cask over your shoulders, mrtom.
what have you done with the old gentleman's swallow-tail?"
"leave me to settle that affair, father: i know how to get out of ascrape."
"so you ought, you scamp, considering how many you get into; but thecraft are swinging and heaving up.
forward there, jacob, and sway upthe mast; there's tom and tommy to help you."
the mast was hoisted up, the sail set, and the lighter in the streambefore the dominie was out of his reverie.
"are there whirlpools here?"
said the dominie, talking more to himselfthan to those about him.
replied young tom, who was watching and mocking him; "yes,that there are, under the bridges.
i've watched a dozen _chips_ godown, one after the other."
"a dozen _ships_!"
exclaimed the dominie, turning to tom; "and everysoul lost?"
"never saw them afterwards," replied tom, in a mournful voice.
"how little did i dream of the dangers of those so near me," said thedominie, turning away, and communing with himself.
"`those who go downto the sea in ships, and occupy their business in great waters;'--`_etvastas aperit syrtes_;'--`these men see the works of the lord, and hiswonders in the deep.'
--`_alternante vorans vasta charybdis aqua_.'
--`forat his word the stormy wind ariseth, which lifteth up the wavesthereof.'
--`_surgens a puppi ventus.--ubi tempestas et caeli mobilishumor_.'
--`they are carried up to the heavens, and down again to thedeep.'
--`_gurgitibus miris et lactis vertice torrens_.'
--`their soulmelteth away because of their troubles.'
omnibusignoiae mortis timor, omnibus hostem_.'
--`they reel to and fro, andstagger like a drunken man.'"
"so they do, father, don't they, sometimes?"
observed tom, leering hiseye at his father.
"that's all i've understood of his speech."
"they are at their wit's end," continued the dominie.
"mind the end of your wit, master tom," answered his father, wroth atthe insinuation.
"`so when they call upon the lord in their trouble'--`_cujus juraretiment et fallere nomen_'--`he delivereth them out of their distress,for he makest the storm to cease, so that the waves thereof are still;'yea, still and smooth as the peaceful water which now floweth rapidly byour anchored vessel--yet it appeareth to me that the scene hath changed.
these fields met not mine eyes before.
`_riparumque toros et pratarecentia rivis_.'
surely we have moved from the wharf?"
--and thedominie turned round, and discovered, for the first time, that we weremore than a mile from the place at which we had embarked.
"pray, sir, what's the use of speech, sir?"
interrogated tom, who hadbeen listening to the whole of the dominie's long soliloquy.
"thou asketh a foolish question, boy.
we are endowed with the power ofspeech to enable us to communicate our ideas."
"that's exactly what i thought, sir.
then pray what's the use of yourtalking all that gibberish, that none of us could understand?"
"i crave thy pardon, child; i spoke, i presume, in the dead languages."
"if they're dead, why not let them rest in their graves?"
"good; thou hast wit."
"yet, child, know that it ispleasant to commune with the dead."
then we'll put you on shore at battersea churchyard."
he's full of his sauce, sir--you must forgive it."
"nay, it pleaseth me to hear him talk; but it would please me more tohear thee sing."
"then here goes, sir, to drown tom's impudence:--  "glide on my bark, the morning tide  is gently floating by thy side;  around thy prow the waters bright,  in circling rounds of broken light,  are glittering, as if ocean gave  her countless gems unto the wave.
"that's a pretty air, and i first heard it sung by a pretty woman; butthat's all i know of the song.
she sang another--  "i'd be a butterfly, born in a bower."
"you'd be a butterfly!"
said the dominie, taking old tom literally, andlooking at his person.
young tom roared, "yes, sir, he'd be a butterfly, and i don't see why heshouldn't very soon.
his legs are gone, and his wings aren't come: sohe's a grub now, and that, you know, is the next thing to it.
what afunny old beggar it is, father--aren't it?"
"tom, tom, go forward, sir; we must shoot the bridge."
exclaimed the dominie; "shoot what?"
"you aren't afraid of fire-arms, are ye, sir?"
"nay, i said not that i was afraid of fire-arms; but why should youshoot?"
"we never could get on without it, sir; we shall have plenty ofshooting, by-and-by.
you don't know this river."
"indeed, i thought not of such doings; or that there were other dangersbesides that of the deep waters."
"go forward, tom, and don't be playing with your betters," cried oldtom.
"never mind him, sir, he's only humbugging you."
the language of both old tom and young tom are to meas incomprehensible as would be that of the dog tommy."
"or as your latin is to them, sir."
"true, jacob, true.
i have no right to complain; nay, i do notcomplain, for i am amused, although at times much puzzled."
we now shot putney bridge, and as a wherry passed us, old tom carolledout--  "did you ever hear tell of a jolly young waterman?"
"no, i never did," said the dominie, observing old tom's eyes directedtowards him.
tom, amused by this _naivete_ on the part of the dominie,touched him by the sleeve, on the other side, and commenced with histreble--  "did you ne'er hear a tale  of a maid in the vale?"
"not that i can recollect, my child," replied the dominie.
"then, where have you been all your life?"
"my life has been employed, my lad, in teaching the young idea how toshoot."
"so, you're an old soldier, after all, and afraid of fire-arms.
whydon't you hold yourself up?
i suppose it's that enormous jib of yoursthat brings you down by the head."
"tom, tom, i'll cut you into pork pieces if you go on that gait.
go andget dinner under weigh, you scamp, and leave the gentleman alone.
here's more wind coming.
"a wet sheet and a flowing sea,  a wind that follows fast,  and fills the white and rustling sail,  and bends the gallant mast.
and bends the gallant mast, my boys,  while, like the eagle free,  away the good ship flies, and leaves  old england on the lee."
"jacob," said the dominie, "i have heard by the mouth of rumour, withher hundred tongues, how careless and indifferent are sailors untodanger; but i never could have believed that such lightness of heartcould have been shown.
yon man, although certainly not old in years,yet, what is he?--a remnant of a man resting upon unnatural andill-proportioned support.
yon lad, who is yet but a child, appears asblythe and merry as if he were in possession of all the world canafford.
i have an affection for that bold child, and would fain teachhim the rudiments, at least, of the latin tongue."
"i doubt if tom would ever learn them, sir.
he hath a will of his own."
"it grieveth me to hear thee say so, for he lacketh not talent, butinstruction; and the dux, he pleaseth me mightily--a second palinurus.
yet how that a man could venture to embark upon an element, to strugglethrough the horrors of which must occasionally demand the utmostexertion of every limb, with the want of the two most necessary for hissafety, is to me quite incomprehensible."
"he can keep his legs, sir."
"nay, jacob; how can he _keep_ what are _already gone_?
even thouspeakest strangely upon the water.
i see the dangers that surround us,jacob, yet i am calm: i feel that i have not lived a wickedlife--`_integer vitae, scelerisque purus_,' as horace truly saith, mayventure, even as i have done, upon the broad expanse of water.
what isit that the boy is providing for us?
it hath an inviting smell."
"lobscouse, master," replied old tom, "and not bad lining either."
"i recollect no such word--_unde derivatur_, friend?"
"what's that, master?"
inquired old tom.
"it's latin for lobscouse, depend upon it, father," cried tom, who wasstirring up the savoury mess with a large wooden spoon.
"he be a_deadly_ lively old gentleman, with his dead language.
are we to let go the anchor, or pipe to dinner first?"
"we may as well anchor, boys.
we have not a quarter of an hour's moreebb, and the wind is heading us."
tom and i went forward, brailed up the mainsail, cleared away, and letgo the anchor.
the lighter swung round rapidly to the stream.
thedominie, who had been in a fit of musing, with his eyes cast upon theforests of masts which we had passed below london bridge, and which werenow some way astern of us, of a sudden exclaimed, in a loud voice,"_parce precor!
the lighter, swinging short round to her anchor, had surprised thedominie with the rapid motion of the panorama, and he thought we hadfallen in with one of the whirlpools mentioned by tom.
"what hashappened, good dux?
tell me," cried the dominie to old tom, with alarmin his countenance.
"why, master, i'll tell you after my own fashion," replied old tom,smiling; and then singing, as he held the dominie by the button of hisspencer--  "now to her berth the craft draws nigh,  with slacken'd sail, she feels the tide;  `stand clear the cable!'
is the cry--  the anchor's gone, we safely ride.
"and now, master, we'll bail out the lobscouse.
we sha'n't weigh anchoragain until to-morrow morning; the wind's right in our teeth, and itwill blow fresh, i'm sartain.
look how the scud's flying; so now we'llhave a jolly time of it, and you shall have your allowance of grog onboard before you turn in."
"i have before heard of that potation," replied the dominie, sittingdown on the coaming of the hatchway, "and fain would taste it."
is a chapter of tales in a double sense--the dominie, from the naturaleffects of his single-heartedness, begins to see double--a newdefinition of philosophy, with an episode on jealousy.
we now took our seats on the deck, round the saucepan, for we did nottrouble ourselves with dishes, and the dominie appeared to enjoy thelobscouse very much.
in the course of half-an-hour all was over; thatis to say, we had eaten as much as we wished; and the newfoundland dog,who, during our repast, lay close by young tom, flapping the deck withhis tail, and sniffing the savoury smell of the compound, had justlicked all our plates quite clean, and was now finishing with his headin the saucepan; while tom was busy carrying the crockery into thecabin, and bringing out the bottle and tin pannikins, ready for thepromised carouse.
"there, now, master, there's a glass o' grog for you that would float amarline-spike.
see if that don't warm the _cockles_ of your old heart."
"ay," added tom, "and set all your _muscles_ as taut as weatherbackstays."
"master tom, with your leave, i'll mix your grog for you myself.
handme back that bottle, you rascal."
"just as you please, father," replied tom, handing the bottle; "butrecollect, none of your _water bewitched_.
only help me as you loveme."
old tom mixed a pannikin of grog for tom, and another for himself.
ihardly need say which was the _stiffer_ of the two.
"well, father, i suppose you think the grog will run short.
to be sure,one bottle aren't too much 'mong four of us."
"one bottle, you scamp!
there's another in the cupboard."
"then you must see double already, father."
old tom, who was startled at this news, and who imagined that tom musthave gained possession of the other bottle, jumped up and made for thecupboard, to ascertain whether what tom asserted was correct.
this waswhat tom wished; he immediately changed pannikins of grog with hisfather, and remained quiet.
"there _is_ another bottle, tom," said his father, coming out and takinghis seat again.
"i knew there was.
you young rascal, you don't knowhow you frightened me!"
and old tom put the pannikin to his lips.
"drowned the miller, by heavens!"
said he, "what could i have beenabout?"
ejaculated he, adding more spirit to his mixture.
"i suppose, upon the strength of another bottle in the locker, you aredoubling the strength of your grog.
come, father," and tom held out hispannikin, "do put a little drop in mine--it's seven-water grog, and i'mnot on the black-list."
"no, no, tom; your next shall be stronger.
well, master, how do youlike your liquor?"
"verily," replied the dominie, "it is a pleasant and seducing liquor.
lo and behold!
i am at the bottom of my utensil."
"stop till i fill it up again, old gentleman.
i see you are one of theright sort.
you know what the song says--  "a plague on those musty old lubbers,  who tell us to fast and to think,  and patient fall in with life's rubbers,  with nothing but _water_ to _drink_!
the only use of water i know is to mix your grog with,and float vessels up and down the world.
why was the sea made salt, butto prevent our drinking too much water.
"a can of good grog, had they swigg'd it,  t'would have set them for pleasure agog,  and in spite of the rules  of the schools,  the old fools  would have all of them swigg'd it,  and swore there was nothing like grog."
"i'm exactly of your opinion, father," said tom, holding out his emptypannikin.
"always ready for two things, master tom--grog and mischief; but,however, you shall have one more _dose_."
"it hath, then, medicinal virtues?"
inquired the dominie.
"ay, that it has, master--more than all the quacking medicines in theworld.
it cures grief and melancholy, and prevents spirits from gettinglow."
"i doubt that, father," cried tom, holding up the bottle "for the moregrog we drink, the more the _spirits become low_."
_cluck, cluck_, came from the thorax of the dominie.
"verily, friendtom, it appeareth, among other virtues, to sharpen the wits.
proceed,friend dux, in the medicinal virtues of grog."
"well, master, it cures love when it's not returned, and adds to it whenit is.
i've heard say it will cure jealousy; but that i've my doubtsof.
now i think on it, i will tell you a yarn about a jealous matchbetween a couple of fools.
jacob, aren't your pannikin empty, my boy?"
"yes," replied i, handing it up to be filled.
it was empty, for, notbeing very fond of it myself, tom, with my permission, had drunk it aswell as his own.
"there, jacob, is a good dose for you; you aren't always craving afterit, like tom."
"he isn't troubled with low spirits, as i am, father."
"how long has that been your complaint, tom?"
"ever since i heard how to cure it.
come, father, give us the yarn."
"well, then, you must mind that an old shipmate o' mine, ben leader, hada wife named poll, a pretty sort of craft in her way--neat in herrigging, swelling-bows, taking sort of figure-head, and devilish wellrounded in the counter; altogether, she was a very fancy girl, and allthe men were after her.
she'd a roguish eye, and liked to be stared at,as most pretty women do, because it flatters their vanities.
now,although she liked to be noticed so far by the other chaps, yet ben wasthe only one she ever wished to be handled by; it was `paws off,pompey!'
with all the rest.
ben leader was a good-looking, active,smart chap, and could foot it in a reel, or take a bout at single-stickwith the very best o' them; and she was mortal fond of him, and mortaljealous if he talked to any other woman, for the women liked ben as muchas the men liked she.
well, as they returned love for love, so did theyreturn jealousy for jealousy; and the lads and lasses, seeing that, hada pleasure in making them come to a misunderstanding.
so every day itbecame worse and worse between them.
now, i always says that it's astupid thing to be jealous, _'cause_ if there be _cause_, there be no_cause_ for love and if there be no _cause_, there be no _cause_ forjealousy."
"you're like a row in a rookery, father--nothing but _caws_,"interrupted tom.
"well, i suppose i am; but that's what i call chop logic--aren't it,master?"
"it was a syllogism," replied the dominie, taking the pannikin from hismouth.
"i don't know what that is, nor do i want to know," replied old tom; "soi'll just go on with my story.
well, at last they came to downrightfighting.
ben licks poll 'cause she talked and laughed with other men,and poll cries and whines all day 'cause he won't sit on her knee,instead of going on board and 'tending to his duty.
well, one night,a'ter work was over, ben goes on shore to the house where he and pollused to sleep; and when he sees the girl in the bar, he says, `where ispoll?'
now, the girl at the bar was a fresh-comer, and answers, `whatgirl?'
so ben describes her, and the bar-girl answers, `she be justgone to bed with her husband, i suppose;' for, you see, there was awoman like her who had gone up to her bed, sure enough.
when ben heardthat, he gave his trousers one hitch, and calls for a quartern, drinksit off with a sigh, and leaves the house, believing it all to be true.
a'ter ben was gone, poll makes her appearance, and when she finds benwasn't in the tap, says, `young woman, did a man go upstairs just now?'
`yes,' replied the bar-girl, `with his wife, i suppose; they be turnedin this quarter of an hour.'
when she almost turned mad with rage, andthen as white as a sheet, and then she burst into tears, and runs out ofthe house, crying out, `poor misfortunate creature that i am!'
knockingeverything down undersized, and running into the arms of every man whocame athwart her hawse."
"i understood him, but just now, that she was running on foot; yet dothhe talk about her _horse_.
"it was a nautical figure of speech, sir."
"exactly," rejoined tom; "it meant her figure-head, old gentleman; butmy yarn won't cut a figure if i'm brought up all standing in this way.
suppose, master, you hear the story first, and understand ita'terwards?"
"i will endeavour to comprehend by the context," replied the dominie.
"that is, i suppose, that you'll allow me to stick to my text.
well,then, here's coil away again.
ben, you see, what with his jealousy andwhat with a whole quartern at a draught, became _somehow nohow_, and hewalked down to the jetty with the intention of getting rid of himself,and his wife and all his trouble by giving his soul back to his creator,and his body to the fishes."
"bad philosophy," quoth the dominie.
"i agree with you, master," replied old tom.
"pray what sort of a thing is philosophy?"
"philosophy," replied old tom, "is either hanging, drowning, shootingyourself, or, in short, getting out of the world without help."
"nay," replied the dominie, "that is _felo de se_."
"well, i pronounce it quicker than you, master; but it's one and thesame thing: but to go on.
while ben was standing on the jetty, thinkingwhether he should take one more quid of 'baccy afore he dived, whoshould come down but poll, with her hair all adrift, streaming andcoach-whipping astern of her, with the same intention as ben--to commit_philo-zoffy_.
ben, who was standing at the edge of the jetty, his eyesfixed upon the water, as it eddied among the piles, looking as dismal asif he had swallowed a hearse and six, with the funeral feathers hangingout of his mouth--""a bold comparison," murmured the dominie.
"never sees her; and she was so busy with herself, that, although closeto him, she never sees he--always remembering that the night was dark.
so poll turned her eyes up, for all the world like a dying jackdaw."
"tell me, friend dux," interrupted the dominie, "doth a jackdaw die inany peculiar way?"
"yes," replied young tom; "he always dies black, master."
"then doth he die as he liveth.
proceed, good dux."
"and don't you break the thread of my yarn any more, master, if you wishto hear the end of it.
so poll begins to bludder about ben.
`o ben,ben,' cried she; `cruel, cruel man; for to come--for to go;--for to go--for to come!'
"`for to come--for to go,' cried poll.
hailed ben, again.
"`for to go--for to come,' blubbered poll; and then she couldn't bringout anything more for sobbing.
with that, ben, who thought he knew thevoice, walks up to her, and says, `be that you, poll?'
"`be that you, ben?'
replied poll, taking her hands from her face, andlooking at him.
"`i thought you were in bed with--with--oh!
"`and i thought you were in bed with--oh!
"`but i wasn't, poll?'
"`nor more wasn't i, ben.'
"`and what brought you here, poll?'
"`i wanted for to die, ben.
and what brought you here, ben?'
"`i didn't want for to live, poll, when i thought you false.'
"then polly might have answered in the words of the old song, master;but her poor heart was too full, i suppose."
and tom sang--  "your polly has never been false, she declares,  since last time we parted at wapping old stairs.
"howsomever, in the next minute they were both hugging and kissing,sobbing, shivering and shaking in each other's arms; and as soon as theyhad settled themselves a little, back they went, arm-in-arm, to thehouse, and had a good stiff glass to prevent their taking therheumatism, went to bed, and were cured of their jealously evera'terwards--which in my opinion, was a much better _philo-zoffy_ thanthe one they had both been bound on.
there, i've wound it all off atlast, master, and now we'll fill up our pannikins."
"before i consent, friend dux, pr'ythee inform me how much of thispleasant liquor may be taken without inebriating, _vulgo_, gettingtipsy."
"father can drink enough to float a jolly-boat, master," replied tom;"so you needn't fear.
i'll drink pan for pan with you all night long."
"indeed you won't, mister tom," replied the father.
"but i will, master."
i perceived that the liquor had already had some effect upon my worthypedagogue, and was not willing that he should be persuaded into excess.
i therefore pulled him by the coat as a hint; but he was again deep inthought, and he did not heed me.
tired of sitting so long, i got up,and walked forward to look at the cable.
"strange," muttered the dominie, "that jacob should thus pull me by thegarment.
what could he mean?"
"did he pull you, sir?"
"yes, many times; and then he walked away."
"it appears that you have been pulled too much, sir," replied tom,appearing to pick up the tail of his coat, which had been torn off bythe dog, and handing it to him.
jacobe--fili dilectissime--quid fecisti_?"
cried the dominie,holding up the fragment of his coat with a look of despair.
"`a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether,'" sang out old tom:and then looking at tom, "now, ain't you a pretty rascal, master tom?"
"it is done," exclaimed the dominie, with a sigh, putting the fragmentinto the remaining pocket; "and it cannot be undone."
"now, i think it is undone, and can be done, master," replied tom.
"aneedle and thread will soon join the pieces of your old coat again--in_holy_ matrimony, i may safely say--""true.
my housekeeper will restore it; yet will shebe wroth, `_feminae curaeque iraeque_;' but let us think no more aboutit," cried the dominie, drinking deeply from his pannikin, and eachminute verging fast to intoxication.
"`_nunc est bibendum, nunc pedelibero pulsanda tellus_.'
i feel as if i were lifted up, and coulddance, yea, and could exalt my voice and sing."
"could you, my jolly old master?
then we will both dance and sing--  "come, let us dance and sing,  while all barbadoes bells shall ring,  mars scrapes the fiddle string  while venus plays the lute.
hymen gay, trips away,  jocund at the wedding day.
"now for chorus--  "come, let us dance and sing."
the "fun grows fast and furious"--the pedagogue does not scan correctly,and his feet become very unequal--an allegorical compliment almostworked up into a literal quarrel--at length the mighty are laid low, andthe dominie hurts his nose.
i heard tom's treble, and a creaking noise, which i recognised toproceed from the dominie, who had joined the chorus; and i went aft, ifpossible to prevent further excess; but i found that the grog hadmounted into the dominie's head, and all my hints were disregarded.
tomwas despatched for the other bottle, and the dominie's pannikin wasreplenished, old tom roaring out--  "come, sling the flowing bowl;  fond hopes arise,  the girls we prize  shall bless each jovial soul;  the can, boys, bring,  we'll dance and sing,  while foaming billows roll.
"now for the chorus again--  "come, sling the flowing bowl, etcetera.
"jacob, why don't you join?"
the chorus was given by the whole of us.
the dominie's voice was even louder, though not quite so musical, as oldtom's.
cried the dominie; "_evoe!
"_amo, amas_--i loved a lass,  for she was tall and slender;  _amas, amat_--she laid me flat,  though of the feminine gender.
"truly do i not forget the songs of my youth, and of my hilarious days:yet doth the potent spirit work upon me like the god in the cumeansybil; and i shall soon prophecy that which shall come to pass."
"so can i," said tom, giving me a nudge, and laughing.
"do thine office of ganymede, and fill up the pannikin; put not in toomuch of the element.
once more exalt thy voice, good dux."
"always ready, master," cried tom, who sang out again in praise of hisfavourite liquor--  "smiling grog is the sailor's best hope, his sheet anchor,  his compass, his cable, his log,  that gives him a heart which life's cares cannot canker.
though dangers around him,  unite to confound him,  he braves them, and tips off his grog.
'tis grog, only grog,  is his rudder, his compass, his cable, his log,  the sailor's sheet anchor is grog."
"verily, thou art an apollo--or, rather, referring to thy want of legs,half an apollo--that is, a _demi_-god.
sweet is thylyre, friend dux."
"fair words, master; i'm no liar," cried tom.
"clap a stopper on yourtongue, or you'll get into disgrace."
"_ubi lapsus quid feci_," said the dominie; "i spoke of thy musicaltongue; and, furthermore, i spoke alle-gori-cal-ly."
"i know a man lies with his tongue as well as you do, old chap; but asfor telling a _hell of a_ (something) _lie_, as you states, i say inever did," rejoined old tom, who was getting cross in his cups.
i now interfered, as there was every appearance of a fray; and in spiteof young tom, who wished, as he termed it, to _kick up a shindy_,prevailed upon them to make friends, which they did, shaking hands fornearly five minutes.
when this was ended, i again entreated the dominienot to drink any more, but to go to bed.
"_amice, jacobe_," replied the dominie; "the liquor hath mounted intothy brain, and thou wouldst rebuke thy master and thy preceptor.
betakethee to thy couch, and sleep off the effects of thy drink.
verily,jacob, thou art _plenus veteris bacchi_; or, in plain english, thou artdrunk.
canst thou conjugate, jacob?
i fear not.
canst thou decline,jacob?
i fear not.
canst thou scan, jacob?
i fear not.
nay, jacob,methinks that thou art unsteady in thy gait, and not over clear in thyvision.
canst thou hear, jacob?
if so, i will give thee an orationagainst inebriety, with which thou mayest down on thy pillow.
wilt thouhave it in latin or in greek?"
"o, damn your greek and latin!"
cried old tom; "keep that for to-morrow.
sing us a song, my old hearty; or shall i sing you one?
here goes--  "for while the grog goes round,  all sense of danger's drown'd,  we despise it to a man;  we sing a little--""sing a little," bawled the dominie.
"and laugh a little--""laugh a little," chorused young tom.
"and work a little--""work a little," cried the dominie.
"and swear a little--""swear _not_ a little," echoed tom.
"and fiddle a little--""fiddle a little," hiccuped the dominie.
"and foot it a little--""foot it a little," repeated tom.
"and swig the flowing can,  and fiddle a little,  and foot it a little,  and swig the flowing can--"roared old tom, emptying his pannikin.
"and swig the flowing can--"followed the dominie, tossing off his.
"and swig the flowing can--"cried young tom turning up his pannikin empty.
that's what i calls glorious.
let's have it over again, andthen we'll have another dose.
come, now, all together."
again was thesong repeated; and when they came to "foot it a little," old tom jumpedon his stumps, seizing hold of the dominie, who immediately rose, andthe three danced round and round for a minute or two, singing the songand chorus, till old tom, who was very far gone, tripped against thecoamings of the hatchway, pitching his head into the dominie's stomach,who fell backwards, clinging to young tom's hand; so that they allrolled on the deck together--my worthy preceptor underneath the othertwo.
"foot it _rather too much_ that time, father," said young tom, gettingup the first, and laughing.
"come, jacob, let's put father on his pinsagain; he can't rise without a purchase."
with some difficulty, wesucceeded.
as soon as he was on his legs again, old tom put a hand uponeach of our shoulders, and commenced, with a drunken leer--  "what though his timbers they are gone,  and he's a slave to tipple,  no better sailor e'er was born  than tom, the jovial cripple.
"thanky, my boys, thanky; now rouse up the old gentleman.
i suspect weknocked the wind out of him.
hollo, there, are you hard and fast?"
"the bricks are hard, and verily my senses are fast departing," quoththe dominie, rousing himself, and sitting up, staring around him.
"senses going, do you say, master?"
cried old tom.
"don't throw themoverboard till we have made a finish.
one more pannikin apiece, onemore song, and then to bed.
tom, where's the bottle?"
"drink no more, sir, i beg; you'll be ill to-morrow," said i to thedominie.
"_deprome quadrimum_," hiccuped the dominie.
"_carpe diem--quamminimum--creula postero._--sing, friend dux--_quem virum--sumescelebrare--music amicus_.--where's my pattypan?--we are notthracians--_natis in usum--laetitae scyphis pugnare_--(hiccup)--_thracumest_--therefore we--will not fight--but we will drink--_recepto dulcemihi furere est amico_--jacob, thou art drunk--sing, friend dux, orshall i sing?
"_propria quae maribus_ had a little dog,  _quae genus_ was his name--"my memory faileth me--what was the tune?"
"that tune was the one the old cow died of, i'm sure," replied tom.
"come, old nosey, strike up again."
"nosey, from _nasus_--truly, it is a fair epithet; and it remindeth methat my nose--suffered in the fall which i received just now.
yet icannot sing--having no words--""nor tune, either, master," replied old tom; "so here goes for you--  "young susan had lovers, so many that she  hardly knew upon which to decide;  they all spoke sincerely, and promised to be  all worthy of such a sweet bride.
in the morning she'd gossip with william, and then  the noon will be spent with young harry,  the evening with tom; so, amongst all the men,  she never could tell which to marry.
i am afraid  too many lovers will puzzle a maid.
"it pleaseth me--it ringeth in mine ears--yea, most pleasantly.
proceed,--the girl was as the pyrrha of horace--  "quis multa gracillis--te puer in rosa--  perfusis liquidis urgit odoribus.
grate, pyrrha--sub antro?"
"that's all high dutch to me, master; but i'll go on if i can.
mymemory box be a little out of order.
let me see--oh!
"now william grew jealous, and so went away;  harry got tired of wooing;  and tom having teased her to fix on the day,  received but a frown for so doing;  so, 'mongst all her lovers, quite left in the lurch,  she pined every night on her pillow;  and meeting one day a pair going to church,  turned away, and died under a willow.
i am afraid  too many lovers will puzzle a maid.
"now, then, old gentleman, tip off your grog.
you've got yourallowance, as i promised you."
"come, master, you're a cup too low," said tom, who, although in highspirits, was not at all intoxicated; indeed, as i afterwards found, hecould carry more than his father.
"come, shall i give you a song?"
"that's right, tom; a volunteer's worth two pressed men.
open yourmouth wide, an' let your whistle fly away with the gale.
you whistlesin tune, at all events."
tom then struck up, the dominie see-sawing as he sat, and getting verysleepy--  "luck in life, or good or bad,  ne'er could make me melancholy;  seldom rich, yet never sad,  sometimes poor, yet always jolly.
fortune's in my scale, that's poz,  of mischance put more than half in;  yet i don't know how it was,  i could never cry for laughing--  ha!
i could never cry for laughing.
"now for chorus, father--  "ha!
i could never cry for laughing.
"that's all i know; and that's enough, for it won't wake up the oldgentleman."
but it did.
"ha, ha, ha--ha, ha, ha!
i could never die for laughing,"bawled out the dominie, feeling for his pannikin; but this was his lasteffort.
he stared round him.
"verily, verily, we are in a whirlpool--how everything turneth round and round!
am i not an ancientmariner--`_qui videt mare turgidum--et infames scopulos_.'
friend dux,listen to me--_favet linguis_."
"well," hiccuped old tom, "so i will--but speak--plain english--as ido."
"that i'll be hanged if he does," said tom to me.
"in half an hour morei shall understand old nosey's latin just as well as his--plain english,as he calls it."
"i will discuss in any language--that is--in any tongue--be it in thegreek or the latin--nay, even--(hiccups)--friend dux--hast thou notpartaken too freely--of--dear me!
_quo me, bacche, rapis tui--plenum_--truly i shall be tipsy--and will but finish my pattypan--_dulcepericulum est_--jacob--can there be two jacobs?--and two old toms?--nay--_mirabile dictu_--there are two young toms, and two dog tommies--each with--two tails.
_bacche, parce--precor--precor_--jacob, where artthou?--_ego sum tu es_--thou art--_sumus_, we are--where am i?
_procumbit humi bos_--for bos--read dobbs--_amo, amas_--i loved a lass.
_tityre, tu patulae sub teg-mine_--nay--i quote wrong--then must i be--ido believe that--i'm drunk."
"and i'm cock sure of it," cried tom, laughing, as the dominie fell backin a state of insensibility.
"and i'm cock sure of it," said old tom, rolling himself along the deckto the cabin hatch "that i've as much--as i can stagger--under, at allevents--so i'll sing myself to sleep--'cause why--i'm happy.
jacob--mind you keep all the watches to-night--and tom may keep the rest."
oldtom then sat up, leaning his back against the cabin hatch, and commencedone of those doleful ditties which are sometimes heard on the forecastleof a man-of-war; he had one or two of the songs that he always reservedfor such occasions.
while tom and i dragged the dominie to bed, old tomdrawled out his ditty--  "oh!
we sailed to virgi-ni-a, and thence to fy-al,  where we water'd our shipping, and so then weigh-ed all,  full in view, on the seas--boys--seven sail we did es-py,  o!
we man-ned our capstern, and weighed spee-di-ly.
"that's right, my boys, haul and hold--stow the old dictionary away--forhe can't command the parts of speech.
"the very next morning--the engagement proved--hot,  and brave admiral benbow received a chain-shot.
o when he was wounded to his merry men--he--did--say,  take me up in your arms, boys, and car-ry me a-way.
"now, boys, come and help me--tom--none of your foolery--for your poorold father is--drunk--."
we assisted old tom into the other "bed-place" in the cabin.
"thanky,lads--one little bit more, and then i'm done--as the auctioneer says--going--going--  "o the guns they did rattle, and the bul-lets--did--fly,  when brave benbow--for help loud--did cry,  carry me down to the cock-pit--there is ease for my smarts,  if my merry men should see me--'twill sure--break--their--hearts.
"going,--old swan-hopper--as i am--going--gone."
tom and i were left on deck.
"now, jacob, if you have a mind to turn in.
i'm not sleepy--you shallkeep the morning watch."
"no, tom, you'd better sleep first.
i'll call you at four o'clock.
wecan't weigh till tide serves; and i shall have plenty of sleep beforethat."
tom went to bed, and i walked the deck till the morning, thinking overthe events of the day, and wondering what the dominie would say when hecame to his senses.
at four o'clock, as agreed, i roused tom out, andturned into his bed, and was soon as fast asleep as old tom and thedominie, whose responsive snores had rung in my ears during the wholetime that i had walked the deck.
cold water and repentance--the two toms almost moral, and myself full ofwise reflections--the chapter, being full of grave saws, is luckily veryshort; and though a very sensible one, i would not advise it to beskipped.
about half-past eight the next morning, i was called up by tom to assistin getting the lighter under weigh.
when on deck i found old tom asfresh as if he had not drunk a drop the night before, very busilystumping about the windlass, with which we hove up first the anchor, andthen the mast.
"well, jacob, my boy, had sleep enough?
not too much, idare say; but a bout like last night don't come often, jacob--only oncein a way; now, and then i do believe it's good for my health.
it's agreat comfort to me, my lad, to have you on board with me, because asyou never drinks, i may now indulge a _little_ oftener.
as for tom, ican't trust him--too much like his father--had nobody to trust to forthe look-out, except the dog tommy, till you came with us.
i can trusttommy as far as keeping off the river sharks; he'll never let them takea rope-yarn off the deck, night or day; but a dog's but a dog, afterall.
now we're brought to; so clap on, my boy, and let's heave up witha will."
"how's the old gentleman, father?"
said tom, as we paused a moment fromour labour at the windlass.
he's got a good deal more to sleep off yet.
there he lies, flat onhis back, blowing as hard as a grampus.
better leave him as long as wecan.
we'll rouse him as soon as we turn greenwich reach.
tom, didn'tyou think his nose loomed devilish large yesterday?"
"never seed such a devil of a cutwater in my life, father."
"well, then, you'll see a larger when he gets up, for it's swelledbigger than the brandy bottle.
heave and haul!
now bring to the fall,and up with the mast, boys, while i goes aft and takes the helm."
old tom went aft.
during the night the wind had veered to the north,and the frost had set in sharp, the rime covered the deck of the barge,and here and there floating ice was to be seen coming down with thetide.
the banks of the river and fields adjacent were white with hoarfrost, and would have presented but a cheerless aspect, had not the sunshone out clear and bright.
tom went aft to light the fire, while icoiled away and made all snug forward.
old tom as usual carolledforth--  "oh!
for a soft and gentle wind,  i heard a fair one cry  but give to me the roaring breeze,  and white waves beating high,  and white waves beating high, my boys,  the good ship tight and free,  the world of waters is our own,  and merry men are we."
"a nice morning this for cooling a hot head, that's sartain.
tommy, yourascal, you're like a court lady, with her velvet _gownd_, covered allover with diamonds," continued old tom, looking at the newfoundland dog,whose glossy black hair was besprinkled with little icicles, whichglittered in the sun.
"you and jacob were the only sensible ones of the party last night, foryou both were sober."
"so was i, father.
i was as sober as a judge," observed tom, who wasblowing up the fire.
"may be, tom, as a judge a'ter dinner; but a judge on the bench be onething, and a judge over a bottle be another, and not bad judges in thatway either.
at all events, if you warn't _sewed up_, it wasn't yourfault."
"and i suppose," replied tom, "it was only your misfortune that youwere."
"no, i don't say that; but still, when i look at the dog, who's but abeast by nature, and thinks of myself, who wasn't meant to be a beast,why, i blushes, that's all."
"jacob, look at father--now, does he blush?"
"i can't say that i perceive it," replied i, smiling.
"well, then, if i don't it's the fault of my having no legs.
i'm surewhen they were knocked off i lost half the blood in my body, and that'sthe reason, i suppose.
at all events, i meant to blush, so we'll takethe will for the deed."
"but do you mean to keep sober in future, father?"
"never do you mind that--mind your own business, mr tom.
at allevents, i sha'n't get tipsy till next time, and that's all i can saywith safety, 'cause, d'ye see, i knows my failing.
jacob, did you eversee that old gentleman sail too close to the wind before?"
"i never did--i do not think that he was ever tipsy before last night."
"then i pities him--his headache, and his repentance.
moreover, therebe his nose and the swallow-tail of his coat to make him unhappy.
weshall be down abreast of the hospital in half-an-hour.
suppose you goand give him a shake, jacob.
not you, tom; i won't trust you--you'll bedoing him a mischief; you haven't got no fellow-feeling, not even fordumb brutes."
"i'll thank you not to take away my character that way, father," repliedtom.
"didn't i put you to bed last night when you were speechless?"
"suppose you did--what then?"
"why, then, i had a feeling for a dumb brute.
i only say that, father,for the joke of it, you know," continued tom, going up to his father andpatting his rough cheek.
"i know that, my boy; you never were unkind, that's sartain; but youmust have your joke--  "merry thoughts are link'd with laughter,  why should we bury them?
sighs and tears may come hereafter,  no need to hurry them.
they who through a spying-glass,  view the minutes as they pass,  make the sun a gloomy mass,  but the fault's their own, tom."
in the meantime i was vainly attempting to rouse the dominie.
aftermany fruitless attempts, i put a large quantity off snuff on his upperlip, and then blew it up his nose.
but, merciful powers!
what a nose ithad become--larger than the largest pear that i ever saw in my life.
the whole weight of old tom had fallen on it, and instead of beingcrushed by the blow, it appeared as if, on the contrary, it had swelledup, indignant at the injury and affront which it had received.
the skinwas as tight as the parchment of a drum, and shining as if it had beenoiled, while the colour was a bright purple.
verily, it was thedominie's nose in a rage.
the snuff had the effect of partially awakening him from his lethargy.
"six o'clock--did you say, mrs bately?
are the boys washed--and in theschoolroom?
i will rise speedily--yet i am overcome with muchheaviness.
_delapsus somnus_ ab--" and the dominie snored again.
irenewed my attempts, and gradually succeeded.
the dominie opened hiseyes, stared at the deck and carlines above him, then at the cupboard byhis side; lastly, he looked at and recognised me.
"_eheu, jacobe_!--where am i?
and what is that which presses upon mybrain?
what is it so loadeth my cerebellum, even as if it were lead?
my memory--where is it?
let me recall my scattered senses."
here thedominie was silent for some time.
yea, and verily, i dorecollect--with pain of head and more pain of heart--that which i wouldfain forget, which is, that i did forget myself; and indeed haveforgotten all that passed the latter portion of the night.
friend duxhath proved no friend, but hath led me into the wrong path: and as orthe potation called _grog--eheu, jacobe_!
how have i fallen--fallen inmy own opinion--fallen in thine--how can i look thee in the face!
what must thou think of him who hath hitherto been thy preceptorand thy guide!"
here the dominie fell back on the pillow, and turnedaway his head.
"it is not your fault, sir," replied i, to comfort him; "you were notaware of what you were drinking--you did not know that the liquor was sostrong.
old tom deceived you."
"nay, jacob, i cannot lay that flattering unction to my wounded heart.
i ought to have known, nay, now i recall to mind, that thou wouldst havewarned me--even to the pulling off of the tail of my coat--yet i heededthee not, and i am humbled--even i, the master over seventy boys!"
"nay, sir, it was not i who pulled off the tail of your coat; it was thedog."
"jacob, i have heard of the wonderful sagacity of the canine species,yet could not i ever have believed that a dumb brute would haveperceived my folly, and warned me from intoxication.
tell me, jacob, thou who hast profited by these lessons which thy mastercould give--although he could not follow up his precept by example--tellme, what did take place?
let me know the full extent of mybacksliding."
"you fell asleep, sir, and we put you to bed."
"who did me that office, jacob?"
"young tom and i, sir; as for old tom, he was not in a state to helpanybody."
"i am humbled, jacob--""nonsense, old gentleman; why make a fuss about nothing?"
said old tom,who, overhearing our conversation came into the cabin.
"you had a_drop_ too much, that's all, and what o' that?
it's a poor heart thatnever rejoiceth.
rouse a bit, wash your face with old thames water, andin half-an-hour you'll be as fresh as a daisy."
"my head acheth!"
exclaimed the dominie, "even as if there were a ballof lead rolling from one temple to the other; but my punishment isjust."
"that is the punishment of making too free with the bottle, for sartain;but if it is an offence, then it carries its own punishment and that'squite sufficient.
every man knows that when the heart's over light atnight, that the head's over heavy in the morning.
i have known andproved it a thousand times.
well, what then?
i puts the good againstthe bad, and i takes my punishment like a man."
"friend dux, for so i will still call thee, thou lookest not at theoffence in a moral point of vision."
replied old tom.
"i would point out that intoxication is sinful."
i suppose that means that it's a sin to getdrunk.
now, master, it's my opinion that as god almighty has given usgood liquor, it was for no other purpose than to drink it; and thereforeit would be ungrateful to him, and a sin, not to get drunk--that is,with discretion."
"how canst thou reconcile getting drunk with discretion, good dux?"
"i mean, master, when there's work to be done, the work should be done;but when there's plenty of time, and everything is safe, and all readyfor a start the next morning, i can see no possible objection to ajollification.
come, master, rouse out; the lighter's abreast of thehospital almost by this time, and we must put you on shore."
the dominie, whose clothes were all on, turned out of his bed-place andwent with us on deck.
young tom, who was at the helm, as soon as wemade our appearance, wished him a good-morning very respectfully.
indeed, i always observed that tom, with all his impudence and waggery,had a great deal of consideration and kindness.
he had overheard thedominie's conversation with me, and would not further wound his feelingswith a jest.
old tom resumed his place at the helm, while his sonprepared the breakfast, and i drew a bucket of water for the dominie towash his face and hands.
of his nose not a word was said; and thedominie made no remarks to me on the subject, although i am persuaded itmust have been very painful, from the comfort he appeared to derive inbathing it with the freezing water.
a bowl of tea was a great solace tohim, and he had hardly finished it when the lighter was abreast thehospital stairs.
tom jumped into the boat and hauled it alongside.
itook the other oar, and the dominie, shaking hands with old tom, said,"thou didst mean kindly, and therefore i wish thee a kind farewell, gooddux."
"god be with you, master," replied old tom; "shall we call for you as wecome back?"
"nay, nay," replied the dominie, "the travelling by land is moreexpensive, but less dangerous.
i thank thee for thy songs, and--for allthy kindness, good dux.
are my paraphernalia in the boat, jacob?"
i replied in the affirmative.
the dominie stepped in, and we pulled himon shore.
he landed, took his bundle and umbrella under his arm, shookhands with tom and then with me, without speaking, and i perceived thetears start in his eyes as he turned and walked away.
"well, now," said tom, looking after the dominie, "i wish i had beendrunk instead of he.
he does so take it to heart, poor old gentleman!"
"he has lost his self-esteem, tom," replied i.
"it should be a warningto you.
come, get your oar to pass."
"well, some people he fashioned one way and some another.
i've beentipsy more than once, and i never lost anything but my reason, and thatcame back as soon as the grog left my head.
i can't understand thatfretting about having had a glass too much.
i only frets when i can'tget enough.
well, of all the noses i ever saw, his bests them bychalks; i did so want to laugh at it, but i knew it would pain him."
"it is very kind of you, tom, to hold your tongue, and i thank you verymuch."
"and yet that old dad of mine swears i've got no fellow-feeling, which iconsider a very undutiful thing for him to say.
what's the reason,jacob, that sons be always cleverer than their fathers?"
"i didn't know that was the case, tom."
"but it is so _now_, if it wasn't in _olden time_.
the proverb says,`young people _think_ old people to be fools, but old people _know_young people to be fools.'
we must alter that, for i says, `old people_think_ young people to be fools, but young people _know_ old people tobe fools.'"
"have it your own way, tom, that will do, rowed of all."
we tossed in our oars, made the boat fast, and gained the deck, whereold tom still remained at the helm.
"well," said he, "jacob, i neverthought i should be glad to see the old gentleman clear of the lighter,but i was--devilish glad; he was like a load on my conscience thismorning; he was trusted to my charge by mr drummond, and i had no rightto persuade him to make a fool of himself.
but, however, what's donecan't be helped, as you say sometimes; and it's no use crying; still itwas a pity, for he be, for all the world, like a child.
there's a fancykind of lass in that wherry, crossing _our_ bows; look at the streamersfrom her top-gallant.
"come o'er the sea,  maiden, to me,  mine through sunshine, storm, and snows,  seasons may roll,  but the true soul  burns the same wherever it goes  then come o'er the sea,  maiden, with me."
"see you hanged first, you underpinned old hulk!"
replied the female inthe boat, which was then close under our bows.
"well, that be civil, for certain," said old tom, laughing.
i am unshipped for a short time, in order to record shipments andengross invoices--form a new acquaintance, what is called in the world"a warm man," though he passed the best part of his life among icebergs,and one whole night within the ribs of death--his wife works hard atgentility.
we arrived at sheerness the next morning, landed the bricks, which werefor the government buildings, and returned in ballast to the wharf.
myfirst inquiry was for the dominie; but he had not yet returned; and mrdrummond further informed me that he had been obliged to send away hisunder-clerk and wished me to simply take his place until he couldprocure another.
the lighter therefore took in her cargo, and sailedwithout me, which was of consequence, as my apprenticeship still wenton.
i now lived with mr drummond as one of his own family, and wantedfor nothing.
his continual kindness to me made me strive all i could toplease him by diligence and attention, and i soon became very expert ataccounts, and, as he said, very useful.
the advantages to me, i hardlyneed observe were considerable, and i gained information every day.
still, although i was glad to be of any use to mr drummond, theconfinement at the desk was irksome, and i anxiously looked for thearrival of the new clerk to take my place and leave me free to join thelighter.
mr drummond did not appear to me to be in any hurry; indeed,i believe that he would have retained me altogether, had he notperceived that i still wished to be on the river.
"at all events, jacob, i shall keep you here until you are master ofyour work; it will be useful to you hereafter," he said to me one day;"and you do not gain much by sailing up and down the river."
this was true; and i also derived much advantage from the evenings spentwith mrs drummond, who was a very sensible good woman, and would makeme read aloud to her and little sarah as they sat at their needle.
ihad no idea, until i was employed posting up the book, that mrdrummond's concern was so extensive, or that there was so much capitalemployed in the business.
the dominie returned a few days after myarrival.
when we met his nose had resumed its former appearance, and henever brought up the subject of the evening on board of the lighter.
isaw him frequently, mostly on sundays after i had been to church withthe family; and half-an-hour, at least, was certain to be dedicated toour reading together one of the classics.
as i was on shore several months, i became acquainted with manyfamilies, one or two of which were worth noticing.
among the foremostwas captain turnbull, at least such was his appellation until within thelast two months previous to my making his acquaintance, when mrturnbull sent out his cards, _george turnbull, esquire_.
the history ofcaptain turnbull was as follows:--he had, with his twin brother, beenhung up at the knocker, and afterwards had been educated at thefoundling hospital; they had both been apprenticed to the sea; grown upthorough-bred, capital, seamen in the greenland fishery; rose to bemates then captains; had been very successful, owned part, then thewhole of the ship, afterwards two or three ships; and had wound up withhandsome fortunes.
captain turnbull was a married man without a family;his wife, fine in person, vulgar in speech, a would-be fashionable lady,against which fashion captain t had for years pleaded poverty; but hisbrother, who had remained a bachelor, died, leaving him forty thousandpounds--a fact which could not be concealed.
captain turnbull had notallowed his wife to be aware of the extent of his own fortune, more froma wish to live quietly and happily than from any motive of parsimony,for he was liberal to excess; but now he had no further excuse to plead,and mrs turnbull insisted upon _fashion_.
the house they had lived inwas given up, and a marine villa on the borders of the thames to acertain degree met the views of both parties; mrs turnbull anticipatingdinners and fetes, and the captain content to watch what was going on inthe river, and amuse himself in a wherry.
they had long beenacquaintances of mr and mrs drummond; and captain turnbull's characterwas such as always to command the respect of mr drummond, as he was anhonest, friendly man.
mrs turnbull had now set up her carriage, andshe was, in her own opinion, a very great personage.
she would have cutall her former acquaintance; but on that point the captain wasinflexible, particularly as regarded the drummonds.
as far as they wereconcerned, mrs turnbull gave way, mrs drummond being a lady-likewoman, and mr drummond universally respected as a man of talent andinformation.
captain, or rather, mr turnbull, was a constant visitorat our house, and very partial to me.
he used to scold mr drummond forkeeping me so close to my desk, and would often persuade him to give mea couple of hours' run.
when this was obtained, he would call awaterman, throw him a crown, and tell him to get out of his wherry asfast as he could.
we then embarked, and amused ourselves pulling up anddown the river, while mrs turnbull, dressed in the extremity of thefashion, rode out in the carriage and left her cards in every direction.
one day mr turnbull called upon the drummonds, and asked them to dinewith him on the following saturday; they accepted the invitation.
"by-the-by," said he, "i got what my wife calls a _remind_ in mypocket;" and he pulled out of his coat-pocket a large card, "with mrand mrs turnbull's compliments," etcetera, which card he had doubled intwo by his sitting down upon it, shortly after he came in.
mr turnbullstraightened it again as well as he could, and laid it on the table.
"and jacob," said he, "you'll come too.
you don't want a remind; but ifyou do, my wife will send you one."
i replied, "that i wanted no remind for a good dinner."
"no, i dare say not, my boy; but recollect that you come an hour or twobefore the dinner-hour, to help me; there's so much fuss with one thingor another, that i'm left in the lurch; and as for trusting the keys ofthe spirit-room to that long-togged rascal of a butler, i'll see himharpoon'd first; so do you come and help me, jacob."
this having been promised, he asked mr drummond to lend me for an houror so, as he wished to take a row up the river.
this was also consentedto; we embarked and pulled away for kew bridge.
mr turnbull was asgood a hand at a yarn as old tom, and many were the adventures henarrated to me of what had taken place during the vicissitudes of hislife, more especially when he was employed in the greenland fishery.
herelated an accident that morning, which particularly bore upon themarvellous, although i do not believe that he was at all guilty ofindulging in a traveller's licence.
"jacob," said he, "i recollect once when i was very near eaten alive byfoxes, and that in a very singular manner.
i was then mate of agreenland ship.
we had been on the fishing ground for three months, andhad twelve fish on board.
finding we were doing well, we fixed ourice-anchors upon a very large iceberg, drifting up and down with it, andtaking fish as we fell in with them.
one morning we had just cast loosethe carcass of a fish which we had cut up, when the man in the crow'snest, on the look-out for another `fall,' cried out that a large polarbear and her cub were swimming over to the iceberg, against the side ofwhich, and about half-a-mile from us, the carcass of a whale wasbeating.
as we had nothing to do, seven of us immediately started inchase we had intended to have gone after the foxes, which had gatheredthere also in hundreds, to prey upon the dead whale.
it was then quitecalm: we soon came up with the bear, who at first was for making off;but as the cub could not get on over the rough ice as well as the oldone, she at last turned round to bay.
we shot the cub to make sure ofher, and it did make sure of the dam not leaving us till either she orwe perished in the conflict.
i never shall forget her moaning over thecub, as it lay bleeding on the ice, while we fired bullet after bulletinto her.
at last she turned round, gave a roar and a gnashing snarl,which you might have heard a mile, and, with her eyes flashing fire,darted upon us.
we received her in a body, all close together, with ourlances to her breast; but she was so large and strong, that she beat usall back, and two of us fell; fortunately the others held their ground,and as she was then on end, three bullets were put into her chest, whichbrought her down.
i never saw so large a beast in my life.
i don'twish to make her out larger than she really was, but i have seen many abullock at smithfield which would not weigh two-thirds of her.
afterthat, we had some trouble in despatching her; and while we were soemployed, the wind blew up in gusts from the northward, and the snowfell heavy.
the men were for returning to the ship immediately, whichcertainly was the wisest thing for us all to do; but i thought that thesnowstorm would blow over in a short time, and not wishing to lose sofine a skin, resolved to remain and flay the beast; for i knew that ifleft there a few hours, as the foxes could not get hold of the carcassof the whale, which had not grounded, they would soon finish the bearand the cub, and the skins be worth nothing.
well, the other men wentback to the ship, and as it was, the snow-storm came on so thick thatthey lost their way, and would never have found her, if it was not thatthe bell was kept tolling for a guide to them.
i soon found that i haddone a very foolish thing; instead of the storm blowing over, the snowcame down thicker and thicker; and before i had taken a quarter of theskin off, i was becoming cold and numbed, and then i was unable toregain the ship, and with every prospect of being frozen to death beforethe storm was over.
at last, i knew what was my only chance.
i hadflayed all the belly of the bear, but had not cut her open.
i rippedher up, tore out all her inside, and then contrived to get into herbody, where i lay, and, having closed up the entrance hole, was warm andcomfortable, for the animal heat had not yet been extinguished.
thismanoeuvre, no doubt, saved my life: and i have heard that the frenchsoldiers did the same in their unfortunate russian campaign, killingtheir horses and getting inside to protect themselves from the dreadfulweather.
well, jacob, i had not lain more than half-an-hour, when iknew by sundry jerks and tugs at my newly invented hurricane-house thatthe foxes were busy--and so they were sure, enough.
there must havebeen hundreds of them, for they were at work in all directions, and somepushed their sharp noses into the opening where i had crept in; but icontrived to get out my knife and saw their noses across whenever theytouched me, otherwise i should have been eaten up in a very short time.
there were so many of them, and they were so ravenous, that they soongot through the bear's thick skin, and were tearing away at the flesh.
now i was not so much afraid of their eating me, as i thought that if ijumped up and discovered myself they would have all fled.
no saying,though; two or three hundred ravenous devils take courage when together;but i was afraid that they would devour my covering from the weather,and then i should perish with the cold; and i was also afraid of havingpieces nipped out of me, which would of course oblige me to quit myretreat.
at last daylight was made through the upper part of thecarcass, and i was only protected by the ribs of the animal, betweenwhich every now and then their noses dived and nipped my sealskinjacket.
i was just thinking of shouting to frighten them away, when iheard the report of half-a-dozen muskets, and some of the bullets struckthe carcass, but fortunately did not hit me.
i immediately halloed asloud as i could, and the men, hearing me, ceased firing.
they had firedat the foxes, little thinking that i was inside of the bear.
i crawledout; the storm was over, and the men of the ship had come back to lookfor me.
my brother, who was also a mate on board of the vessel, who hadnot been with the first party, had joined them in the search, but withlittle hopes of finding me alive.
he hugged me in his arms, covered asi was with blood, as soon as he saw me.
he's dead now, poor fellow--that's the story, jacob."
"thank you, sir," replied i; but perceiving that the memory of hisbrother affected him, i did not speak again for a few minutes.
we thenresumed our conversation, and pulling back with the tide, landed at thewharf.
on the day of the dinner party i went up to mr turnbull's at threeo'clock as he had proposed.
i found the house in a bustle; mr and mrsturnbull, with the butler and footman, in the dining-room, debating asto the propriety of _this_ and _that_ being placed _here_ and _there_,both servants giving their opinion, and arguing on a footing ofequality, contradicting and insisting, mr turnbull occasionallythrowing in a word, and each time snubbed by his wife, although theservants dare not take any liberty with him.
"do, pray, mr turnbull,leave _h_us to settle these matters.
get _h_up your wine; that is yourdepartment.
leave the room, mr turnbull, _h_if you please.
mortimerand i know what we are about, without your _h_interference."
by the lord, i don't wish to interfere; but i wish you and yourservants not to be squabbling, that's all.
if they gave me half the_cheek_--""do, pray, mr turnbull, leave the room, and allow me to regulate my own_'ouse_hold."
"come, jacob, we'll go down into the cellar," said mr turnbull; andaccordingly we went.
i assisted mr turnbull in his department as much as i could, but hegrumbled very much.
"i can't bear all this nonsense, all this fineryand foolery.
everything comes up cold, everything is out of reach.
thetable's so long, and so covered with uneatables, that my wife is hardlywithin hail and, by jingo, with her the servants are masters.
not withme, at all events; for if they spoke to me as they do to mrs turnbull,i would kick them out of the house.
however, jacob, there's no help forit.
all one asks for is quiet; and i must put up with all thissometimes, or i should have no quiet from one year's end to another.
when a woman will have her way, there's no stopping her: you know theold verse--  "a man's a fool who strives by force or skill  to stem the torrent of a woman's will;  for if she will, she will, you may depend on't,  and if she won't, she won't--and there's an end on't.
"now let's go up into my room, and we will chat while i wash my hands."
as soon as mr turnbull was dressed, we went down into the drawing-room,which was crowded with tables loaded with every variety of ornamentalarticles.
"now this is what my wife calls fashionable.
one might aswell be steering through an ice-floe as try to come to an anchor herewithout running foul of something.
it's _hard-a-port_ or_hard-a-starboard_ every minute; and if your coat-tail _jibes_, awaygoes something, and whatever it is that smashes, mrs t always swears itwas the _most valuable_ thing in the room.
i'm like a bull in achina-shop.
one comfort is, that i never come in here except whenthere's company.
indeed, i'm not allowed, thank god.
sit on a chair,jacob, one of those spider-like french things, for my wife won't allow_blacks_, as she calls them, to come to an anchor upon her sky-blue silksofas.
how stupid to have furniture that one's not to make use of!
give me comfort but it appears that's not to be bought for money."
high life above stairs, a little below the mark--fashion french, virtue,and all that.
six o'clock was now near at hand, and mrs turnbull entered thedrawing-room in full dress.
she certainly was a very handsome woman,and had every appearance of being fashionable; but it was her languagewhich exposed her.
she was like the peacock.
as long as she was silentyou could but admire the plumage, but her voice spoilt all.
"now, mrturnbull," said she, "i wish to _h_explain to you that there are certain_h_improprieties in your behaviour which i cannot put _h_up with,particularly that _h_of talking about when you were before the mast."
"well, my dear, is that anything to be ashamed of?"
"yes, mr turnbull, that _h_is--one _h_always sinks them ere particularsin fashionable society.
to wirtuperate in company a'n't pleasant, and_h_i've thought of a plan which may _h_act as an _h_impediment to yourvulgarity.
recollect, mr t, when_h_ever i say that _h_i've an'eadache, it's to be a sign for you to 'old your tongue; and, mr t,_h_oblige me by wearing kid gloves all the evening."
at dinner time, my dear?"
"yes, mr t, at dinner time; your 'ands are not fit to be touched."
"well, i recollect when you thought otherwise."
"when, mr t?
'ave i not often told you so?"
"yes, lately; but i referred to the time when one poll bacon of wappingtook my hand for better or for worse."
"really, mr t, you quite shock me.
my name was mary, and the baconsare a good old _h_inglish name.
you 'ave their _h_arms quartered on thecarriage in right o' me.
that's something, i can tell you."
"something i had to pay for pretty smartly, at all events."
"the payment, mr t, was on account of granting _h_arms to you, whonever _'ad_ any."
"and never wished for them.
what do i care for such stuff?"
"and when you did choose, mr turnbull, you might have consulted me,instead of making yourself the laughing-stock of sir george naylor andall the 'eralds.
who but a madman would have chosen three harpoons_saluims_, and three barrels _couchants_, with a spouting whale for acrest?
just to point out to everybody what should _h_ever be buried in_h_oblivion; and then your beastly motto--which i _would have_changed--_`blubber for ever_!'
_h_enough to make _h_anyone _blubber_ for ever."
"well, the heralds told me they were just what i ought to have chosen,and very apposite, as they termed it."
"they took your money and laughed at you.
two pair of griffins, a lion,half-a-dozen leopards, and a hand with a dagger, wouldn't 'ave cost afarthing more.
but what can you _h_expect from an _'og_?"
"but if i was _cured_, i should be what you _were--bacon_."
"i won't _demean_ myself, mr turnbull."
"that's right, my dear, don't; there's no curing you.
recollect themotto you chose in preference to mine."
"well, and a very proper one--`_too much familiarity breeds contempt_'--is it not so, master faithful?"
"yes, madam, it was one of our copies at school."
"i beg your pardon, sir, it was my _h_own _h_invention."
rap, tap, rap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
"mr and mrs peters, of petercumb hall," announced the butler.
entermrs peters first, a very diminutive lady, and followed by mr peters,six feet four inches without his shoes, deduct for stooping and curvedshoulders seven inches.
mr peters had retired from the stock exchangewith a competence, bought a place, named it petercumb hall, and set uphis carriage.
another knock, and mr and mrs drummond were announced.
compliments exchanged, and a pastile lighted by mrs turnbull.
"well, drummond," said mr turnbull, "what are coals worth now?"
"mr turnbull, i've got such an _'eadache_."
this was of course a matter of condolence from all present, and astopper upon mr turnbull's tongue.
another sounding rap, and a pause.
"monsieur and madame de tagliabuecoming up."
enter monsieur and madame de tagliabue.
the former, adapper little frenchman, with a neat pair of legs, and stomach as roundas a pea.
madame sailing in like an outward-bound east indiaman, withstudding sails below and aloft; so large in her dimensions, that herhusband might be compared to the pilot-boat plying about her stern.
"charmee de vous voir, madame tom-bulle.
vous vous portez bien;n'est-ce pas?"
"_ve_," replied mrs turnbull, who thus exhausted her knowledge of thefrench language while the monsieur tried in vain, first on one side, andthen on the other, to get from under the lee of his wife and make hisbow.
this was not accomplished until the lady had taken possession of asofa, which she filled most comfortably.
who these people were, and how they lived, i never could find out: theycame in a fly from brentford.
"my lord babbleton and mr smith coming up."
"mr t, pray go down and receive his lordship.
(there are two waxcandles for you to light on the hall table, and you must walk up withthem before his lordship," said the lady aside.)
"i'll be hanged if i do," replied mr turnbull; "let the servants lighthim."
"o, mr t, i've such an 'eadache?"
"so you may have," replied mr t, sitting down doggedly.
in the meantime mr smith entered, leading lord babbleton, a boy oftwelve or thirteen years old, shy, awkward, red-haired, and ugly, towhom mr smith was tutor.
mrs t had found out mr smith, who wasresiding near brentford with his charge, and made his acquaintance onpurpose to have a lord on her visiting list, and, to her delight, theleader had not forgotten to bring his bear with him.
mrs turnbullsprang to the door to receive them, making a prepared courtesy to thearistocratical cub, and then shaking him respectfully by the hand.
"won't your lordship walk to the fire?
isn't your lordship cold?
ihope your lordship's sty is better in your lordship's eye.
allow me tointroduce to your lordship's notice mr and mrs peters--madame andmounsheer tagleebue--mr and mrs drummond, the right honourable lordviscount babbleton."
as for mr turnbull and myself, we were left outas unworthy of introduction.
"we are ready for dinner, mr turnbull."
"snobbs, get dinner dressed up," said mr t to the butler.
"o, mr t, i've such an 'eadache."
this last headache was produced by mr t forgetting himself, and callingthe butler by his real name, which was snobbs; but mrs turnbull hadresolved that it should be changed to _mortimer_--or rather, to mrmortimer, as the household were directed to call him, on pain ofexpulsion.
dinner was announced.
madame tagliabue, upon what pretence i know not,was considered the first lady in the room, and lord babbleton wasrequested by mrs turnbull to hand her down.
madame rose, took hislordship's hand, and led him away.
before they were out of the room,his lordship had disappeared among the ample folds of madame's gown, andwas seen no more until she pulled him out, on their arrival at thedinner-table.
at last we were all arranged according to mrs turnbull'swishes, although there were several chops and changes about, until theorder of precedence could be correctly observed.
a french cook had beensent for by mrs turnbull; and not being mistress of the language, shehad a card with the names of the dishes to refresh her memory, mrmortimer having informed her that such was always the custom among greatpeople, who, not ordering their own dinners, of course they could nottell what there was to eat.
"mrs turnbull, what soup have you there?"
"_consummy_ soup, my lord.
will your lordship _make use_ of that or ofthis here, which is _o'juss_."
his lordship stared, made no answer; looked foolish; and mr mortimerplaced some soup before him.
"lord babbleton takes soup," said mr smith, pompously; and the littleright honourable supped soup, much to mrs turnbull's satisfaction.
"madame, do you soup?
or do you fish?"
"merci, no soup--_poisson_."
"don't be afraid, madame; we've a french cook: you won't be _poisoned_here," replied mrs turnbull, rather annoyed.
"comment, my chere madame, i meant to say dat i prefer de cod."
"mr t, some soup for madame.
john, a _clean_ plate for lord babbleton.
what will your lordship condescend to _make use_ of now?"
(mrsturnbull thought the phrase, _make use_, excessively refined andelegant.)
"ah, madame, votre cuisine est superbe," exclaimed monsieur tagliabue,tucking the corner of his napkin into his button-hole, and makingpreparations for well filling his little rotundity.
"_ve_," replied mrs turnbull.
"mrs peters, will you try the dish nextmr turnbull?
what is it?"
(_looking at her card_)--"_agno roty_.
will you, my lord?
if your lordship has not yet got into your french--it means roast quarter of lamb."
"his lordship is very partial to lamb," said mr smith, with emphasis.
"mr turnbull, some lamb for lord babbleton, and for mr peters."
"directly, my dear.--well, jacob, you see, when i was first mate--""dear!
mr turnbull--i've such an 'eadache.
do, pray, cut the lamb.
mr mortimer, do go and whisper to mr turnbull that i beghe will put on his gloves."
"mrs peters, you're doing nothing.
mr mortimer, 'and round the sidedishes, and let john serve out the champagne."
"mrs peters, there's a _wolley went o' weaters_.
will you make use ofsome?
mrs drummond, will you try the dish coming round?
it is--let mesee--_chew farsy_.
my lord babbleton, i 'ope the lamb's _to yourliking_?
monshere tagliabue--william, give monshere a clean plate.
what will you take next?"
"vraiment, madame, tout est excellent, superbe!
je voudrais embrasservotre cuisinier--c'est un artiste comme il n'y a pas?"
"_ve_," replied mrs turnbull.
the first course was removed; and the second, after some delay, made itsappearance.
in the interim, mr mortimer handed round one or twovarieties of wine.
"drummond, will you take a glass of wine with me?"
said mr turnbull.
"i hate your sour french wines.
will you take madeira?
i was on shoreat madeira once for a few hours, when i was before the mast, in the--""mr turnbull, i've such an 'eadache," cried his lady, in an angry tone.
"my lord, will you take some of this?--it is _ding dong o' turf_--aturkey, my lord."
"his lordship is fond of turkey," said mr smith, dictatorially.
monsieur tagliabue, who sat on the other side of mrs t, found that theturkey was in request--it was some time before he could help himself.
said monsieur, thrusting a truffle into his mouth.
"apparemment, madame, n'aime pas la cuisine anglaise?"
"_ve_," replied mrs turnbull.
"madame, what will you be _h_assistedto?"
continued mrs t."tout de bon, madame."
"_ve_; what are those by you, mr peters?"
inquired the lady incontinuation.
"i really cannot exactly say; but they are fritters of some sort."
"let me see--hoh!
bidet du poms.
madame, will you eat some _bidet dupoms_?"
"comment, madame, je ne vous comprends pas--""_ve_."
"monsieur tagliabue, expliquez donc;" said the foreign lady, red as aquarter of beef.
"permettez," said monsieur, looking at the card.
"ah, c'est impossible,ma chere," continued he, laughing.
"madame turnbull se trompait; ellevoudrait dire _beignets de pommes_."
"vous trouvez notre langue fort difficile, n'est-ce pas?"
continuedmadame, who recovered her good humour, and smiled graciously at mrs t."_ve_," replied mrs turnbull, who perceived that she had made somemistake, and was anxiously awaiting the issue of the dialogue.
it had,however, the effect of checking mrs t, who said little more during thedinner and dessert.
at last the ladies rose from the dessert, and left the gentlemen at thetable; but we were not permitted to remain long before coffee wasannounced, and we went up stairs.
a variety of french liqueurs werehanded about, and praised by most of the company.
mr turnbull,however, ordered a glass of brandy as a _settler_.
mr turnbull, i've such an 'eadache!"
after that the party became very dull.
lord babbleton fell asleep onthe sofa.
mr peters walked round the room, admiring the pictures, andasking the names of the masters.
"i really quite forget; but, mr drummond, you are a judge of paintingsi hear.
who do you think this is painted by?"
said the lady, pointingto a very inferior performance.
"i am not quite sure; but i think it isvan--van _daub_."
"i should think so too," replied mr drummond, drily; "we have a greatmany pictures in england by the same hand."
the french gentleman proposed _ecarte_, but no one knew how to play itexcept his wife; who sat down with him to pass away the time.
theladies sauntered about the room, looking at the contents of the tables,mrs peters occasionally talking of petercumb hall; mr smith played atpatience in one corner; while mr turnbull and mr drummond sat inanother in close conversation; and the lady of the house divided herattentions, running from one to the other, and requesting them not totalk so loud as to awake the right honourable lord viscount babbleton.
at last the vehicles were announced, and the fashionable party broke up,much to the satisfaction of everybody, and to none more than myself.
i ought to observe that all the peculiar absurdities i have narrated didnot strike me so much at the time; but it was an event to me to dineout, and the scene was well impressed upon my memory.
after whatoccurred to me in my after life, and when i became better able to judgeof fashionable pretensions, the whole was vividly brought back to myrecollection.
the tomkinses' fete champetre and fete dansante--lights among thegooseberry-bushes--all went off well, excepting the lights, they wentout--a winding up that had nearly proved a catastrophe--old tom provesthat danger makes friends by a yarn, young tom by a fact.
i remained with mr drummond about eight months, when at last the newclerk made his appearance--a little fat fellow, about twenty, with aface as round as a full moon, thick lips, and red cheeks.
during thistime i frequently had the pleasure of meeting with old and young tom,who appeared very anxious that i should rejoin them; and i must say thati was equally willing to return to the lighter.
still mr drummond puthis veto on it, and mrs drummond was also constantly pointing out thevery desirable situation i might have on shore as a clerk in the office;but i could not bear it--seated nearly the whole day--perched up on ahigh stool--turning over debtors, contra creditors, and onlyoccasionally interrupted by the head clerk, with his attempt to makerhymes.
the new clerk came, i expected my release, but i wasdisappointed.
mr drummond discovered him to be so awkward, and thehead clerk declared that the time was so busy, that he could not spareme.
this was true; mr drummond had just come to a final arrangement,which had been some time pending, by which he purchased a wharf andlarge warehouses, with a house adjoining, in lower thames street--a verylarge concern, for which he had paid a considerable sum of money.
whatwith the valuations, winding up of the brentford concern on the oldaccount, etcetera, there was much to do, and i toiled at the desk untilthe removal took place; and when the family were removed, i was stilldetained, as there was no warehouseman to superintend the unloading andhoisting up of goods.
mr tomkins, the head clerk, who had been manyyears a faithful servant to mr drummond, was admitted a partner, andhad charge of the brentford wharf, a species of promotion which he andhis wife resolved to celebrate with a party.
after a long debate, itwas resolved that they should give a ball, and mrs tomkins exerted allher taste and ingenuity on the occasion.
my friend tomkins lived at ashort distance from the premises, in a small house, surrounded with halfan acre of garden, chiefly filled with gooseberry-bushes, andperambulated by means of four straight gravel walks.
mr and mrsdrummond were invited, and accepted the invitation, which was consideredby the tomkinses as a great mark of condescension.
as a specimen of mrtomkins's poetical talents, i shall give his invitation to mr drummond,written in the very best german text:--  "mr and mrs t---  sincerely hope to see  mr and mrs drum-  mond, to a very hum-  ble party that they in-  tend to ask their kin  to, on the saturday  of the week ensuing:  when fiddles they will play,  and other things be doing."
_belle vue house_.
to which _jeu d'esprit_ mr drummond answered with a pencil on a card--  "mr and mrs drum-  mond intend to come."
"here, give tomkins that, jacob; it will please him better than anyformal acceptation."
mr and mrs turnbull were also asked; the formeraccepted, but the latter indignantly refused.
when i arrived with mr and mrs drummond many of the company werethere; the garden was what they called illuminated, that is, everygooseberry-bush had one variegated lamp suspended above the centre; and,as mr tomkins told me afterwards, the lamps were red and yellow,according to the fruit they bore.
it was a cold, frosty, clear night,and the lamps twinkled as brightly among the bare boughs of thegooseberry trees as the stars did in the heavens.
the company ingeneral were quite charmed with the novelty.
"quite a _minorwauxhall_," cried one lady, whose exuberance of fat kept her warm enoughto allow her to stare about in the open air.
the entrance porch had adozen little lamps, backed with laurel twigs, and looked very imposing.
mrs tomkins received her company upon the steps outside, that she mighthave the pleasure of hearing their praises of her external arrangements;still it was freezing, and she shivered not a little.
the drawing-room,fourteen feet by ten, was fitted up as a ballroom, with two fiddlers anda fifer sitting in a corner and a country-dance was performing when wearrived.
over the mantle-piece was a square of laurel twigs, inclosingas a frame this couplet from the poetical brain of the master of thehouse, cut out in red paper, and bespangled with blue and yellowtinsel--  "here we are to dance so gay,  while the fiddlers play away."
other appropriate distichs, which i have now forgotten, were framed inthe same way on each of the other compartments.
but the dining-room wasthe _chef d'oeuvre_.
it was formed into a bower, with evergreens, andon the evergreen boughs were stuck real apples and oranges in alldirections, so that you could help yourself.
"vell, i do declare, this is a paradise!"
exclaimed the fat lady whoentered with me.
"in all but one thing, ma'am," replied mr turnbull, who, with his coatoff, was squeezing lemons for the punch--"there's no _forbidden_ fruit.
you may help yourself."
the bon-mot was repeated by mr tomkins to the end of his existence, notonly for its own sake, but because it gave him an opportunity ofentering into a detail of the whole _fete_--the first he had ever givenin his life.
"ah, jacob, my boy, glad to see you--come and help here--they'll soon be thirsty, i'll warrant," said mr turnbull, who was inhis glory.
the company, although not so very select, were very happy;they danced, drank punch, laughed, and danced again; and it was not tilla late hour, long after mr and mrs drummond had gone home, that iquitted the "festive scene;" mr turnbull, who walked away with me,declaring that it was worth a dozen of his party, although they had notsuch grand people as mrs tagliabue, or the right honourable lordviscount babbleton.
i thought so too; every one was happy, and everyone at their ease; and i do believe they would have stayed much longer,but the musicians took so much punch that one fiddler broke his fiddle,the other broke his head in going down the steps into the garden, andthe fifer swore he could blow no longer; so, as there was an end to themusic, clogs, pattens, and lanterns were called for, the shawls werebrought out of the kitchen, and every one went away.
nothing could _gooff better_.
mrs tomkins had a cold and rheumatism the next day; butthat was not surprising, a _minor wauxhall_ not being seasonable in themonth of december.
a week after this party we removed to thames street, and i performed theduty of warehouseman.
our quantity of lighters was now much increased,and employed in carrying dry goods, etcetera.
one morning old tom cameunder the crane to discharge his lighter, and wishing to see me, whenthe fall had been overhauled down to heave up the casks with which thelighter was laden, instead of hooking on a cask, held on by his hands,crying, "hoist away," intending to be hoisting himself up to the door ofthe warehouse where i was presiding.
now, there was nothing unusual inthis whim of old tom's, but still he ran a very narrow chance, inconsequence of an extra whim of young tom's, who, as soon as his fatherwas suspended in the air, caught hold of his two wooden stumps, to behoisted up also; and as he caught hold of them, standing on tiptoe, theyboth swung clear of the lighter, which could not approach to within fivefeet of the buildings.
the crane was on the third story of thewarehouse, and very high up.
"tom, tom, you rascal, what the devil areyou about?"
cried the old man, when he felt the weight of his son's bodyhanging to him.
"going up along with you, father--hope we shall go to heaven the sameway."
"more likely to go to the devil together, you little fool; i never canbear your weight.
hoist away, there, quick."
hearing the voices, i looked out of the door, and perceiving theirsituation, ordered the men to hoist as fast as they could, before oldtom's strength should be exhausted; but it was a compound moving crane,and we could not hoist very fast, although we could hoist very greatweights.
at last, as they were wound up higher and higher, old tom'sstrength was going fast.
"o tom, tom, what must be done?
i can't--ican't hold on but a little longer, and we shall be both dashed topieces.
my poor boy?"
"well, then, i'll let go, father; it was all my folly, and i'll be thesufferer."
cried old tom; "no, no, tom--don't let go, my boy; i'll try alittle longer.
don't let go, my dear boy--don't let go!"
"well, father, how much longer can you hold on?"
"a little--very little longer," replied the old man, struggling.
"well,hold fast now," cried young tom, who, raising his head above his arms,with great exertion shifted one of his hands to his father's thigh, thenthe other; raising himself as before, he then caught at the seat of hisfather's trousers with his teeth; old tom groaned, for his son had takenhold of more than the garments; he then shifted his hands round hisfather's body--from thence he gained the collar of his jacket--from thecollar he climbed on his father's shoulders, from thence he seized holdof the fall above, and relieved his father of the weight.
"now, father,are you all right?"
cried tom, panting as he clung to the fall abovehim.
"i can't hold on ten seconds more, tom--no longer--my clutch is goingnow."
"hang on by your eyelids, father, if you love me," cried young tom, inagony.
it was indeed an awful moment; they were now at least sixty feet abovethe lighter, suspended in the air; the men whirled round the wheel, andi had at last the pleasure of hauling them both in on the floor of thewarehouse; the old man so exhausted that he could not speak for morethan a minute.
young tom, as soon as all was safe, laughedimmoderately.
old tom sat upright.
"it might have been no laughingmatter, mr tom," said he, looking at his son.
"what's done can't be helped, father, as jacob says.
after all, you'remore frightened than hurt."
"i don't know that, you young scamp," replied the old man, putting hishand behind him, and rubbing softly; "you've bit a piece clean out of my_starn_.
now, let this be a warning to you, tom.
jacob, my boy,couldn't you say that i've met with an _accident_, and get a drop ofsomething from mr drummond?"
i thought, after his last observation, i might honestly say that he hadmet with an accident, and i soon returned with a glass of brandy, whichold tom was drinking off when his son interrupted him for a share.
"you know, father, i shared the danger."
"yes, tom, i know you did," replied the father; "but this was sent to meon account of my _accident_, and as i had that all to myself, i shallhave all this too."
"but, father, you ought to give me a drop, if it were only to _take thetaste out of my mouth_."
"your own flesh and blood, tom," replied his father, emptying his glass.
"well, i always heard it was quite unnatural not to like your own fleshand blood," replied tom; "but i see now that there may be reasons forit."
"be content, tom," replied his father, putting down the glass; "we'renow just square.
you've had your _raw nip_, and i've had mine."
mr drummond now came up, and asked what had been the matter.
"nothing,sir--only an accident.
tom and i had a bit of a _hoist_."
as this last word had a double meaning, mr drummond thought that a caskhad surged, when coming out of the lighter, and struck them down.
hedesired old tom to be more careful, and walked away, while we proceededto unload the lighter.
the new clerk was a very heavy, simple youngman, plodding and attentive certainly, but he had no other merit; he wassent into the lighter to rake the marks and numbers of the casks as theywere hoisted up, and soon became a butt to young tom, who gave him thewrong marks and numbers of all the casks, to his interrogations.
"what's that, boy?"
cried the pudding-faced fellow, with his pencil inone hand and his book in the other.
"pea soup, 13," replied tom; "ladies' bonnets, 24.  now, then, master,chalk again, pipe-clay for sodgers, 3; red herrings, 26."
all of whichwere carefully noted down by mr grubbins who, when the lighter wascleared, took the memoranda to mr drummond.
fortunately, we had checked the number of the casks as they werereceived above--their contents were flour.
mr drummond sent for youngtom, and asked him how he dared play such a trick.
tom replied veryboldly, "that it was meant as a good lesson to the young man, that infuture he did his own work, and did not trust to others."
to this mrdrummond agreed, and master tom was dismissed without punishment.
as the men had all gone to dinner, i went down into the lighter to havea little chat with my old shipmates.
"well, jacob," said old tom,"tom's not a bit wiser than he was before--two scrapes to-day, already."
"well, father, if i prove my folly by getting into scrapes, i prove mywit by getting out of them."
"yes, that may be true, tom; but suppose we had both come down with arun, what would you have thought then?"
"i suspect, father, that i should have been past thinking."
"i once did see a thing of that kind happen," said old tom, calling tomind former scenes in his life; "and i'll tell you a yarn about it,boys, because they say danger makes friends."
we sat down by old tom, who narrated as follows "when i was captain ofthe main-top in the _la minerve_, forty-four gun frigate, we were thesmartest ship up the mediterranean; and many's the exercise we were themeans of giving to other ship's companies, because they could not beatus--no, not even hold a candle to us.
in both fore and main-top we hadeight-and-twenty as smart chaps as ever put their foot to a rattling, orslid down by an a'ter backstay.
now, the two captains of the foretopwere both prime young men, active as monkeys, and bold as lions.
onewas named tom herbert, from north shields, a dark, good-looking chap,with teeth as white as a nigger's, and a merry chap he was, alwaysa-showing them.
the other was a cockney chap.
your lunnuners arn'toften good seamen; but when they are seamen, there's no better; theynever allow any one to show them the way, that's for sartin, beingnaturally spunky sort of chaps, and full of tricks and fun.
thisfellow's name was bill wiggins, and between him and herbert there wasalways a jealousy who should be the smartest man.
i've seen both ofthem run out on the yard, in fine weather, without holding on nothing,seize the lift, and down to their station, haul up the earing, in notime; up by the lift again, and down on deck, by the backstay, beforehalf the men had time to get clear of the top.
in fact, they oftenrisked their lives in bad weather, when there was no occasion for it,that one might outdo the other.
now, this was all very well, and a goodexample to the other men: the captain and officers appeared to likethese contests for superiority, but it ended in their hating each other,and not being even on speaking terms, which, as the two captains of thetop, was bad.
they had quarrelled often, and fought five times, neitherproving the better man; either both done up, or parted by themaster-at-arms, and reported to the first lieutenant, so that at lastthey were not so much countenanced by the officers, and were out offavour with the captain, who threatened to disrate them both if everthey fought again.
we were cruising off the gulf of lyons, wheresometimes it blows hard enought to blew the devil's horns off, thoughthe gales never last very long.
we were under close reefed fore- andmain-top sails, storm stay-sail and trysail, when there was a fresh handat the bellows, and the captain desired the officers of the watch, justbefore dinner to take in the fore-top sail.
not to disturb the watchbelow, the main-top men were ordered up forward to help the fore-top menof the watch; and i was of course aloft, ready to lie out on the leeyard-arm--when wiggins, who had the watch below, came up in the top, notliking that herbert should be at work in such weather without he beingthere too.
"`tom,' says to me, `i'll take the yard-arm.'
"`very well,' say i, `with all my heart; then i'll look to the bunt.'
"just at that time there came on a squall with rain, which almostblinded us; the sail was taken in very neatly, the clew-lines,chock-a-block, bunt-lines and leech-lines well up, reef-tacklesoverhauled, rolling-tackles taut, and all as it should be.
the men liedout on the yard, the squall wore worse and worse, but they were handingin the leech of the sail, when snap went one bunt-line, then the other;the sail flapped and flagged, till away went the leech-lines, and themen clung to the yards for their lives; for the sail mastered them, andthey could do nothing.
at last it split like thunder, buffeting the menon the yard-arms till they were almost senseless, until to windward itwore away into long coach whips, and the whole of the canvas left was atthe lee yard-arm.
the men laid in at last with great difficulty, quiteworn out by fatigue and clinging for their existence; all but wiggins,who was barred by the sail to leeward from making his footing good onthe horse, and there he was, poor fellow, completely in irons, and sobeaten by the canvas that he could hardly be said to be sensible.
ittakes a long while to tell all this, but it wasn't the work of a minute.
at last he made an attempt to get up by the lift, but was struck down,and would have been hurled overboard if it hadn't been that his leg fellover the horse, and there he was, head downwards, hanging over a ragingsea, ready to swallow him up as soon as he dropt into it.
as every oneexpected he would be beat off before any assistance could be given, youmay guess that it was an awful moment to those below who were looking upat him, watching for his fall and the roll of the ship, to see if hefell clear into the sea, or was dashed to pieces in the fore-chains.
"i couldn't bear to see a fellow-creature, and good seaman in thebargain, in that state, and although the captain dare not _order_ anyone to help him, yet there were one or two midshipmen hastening up thefore-rigging, with the intent, i have no doubt, of trying to save him(for midshipmen don't value their lives at a quid of tobacco), so iseizes the studding sail halyards, and runs up the topmast rigging,intending to go down by the lift, and pass a bowling knot round himbefore he fell, when who should i meet at the cross-trees but tomherbert, who snatched the rope out of my hand, bawling to me through thegale, `this is my business, tom.'
"down he goes by the lift, the remainder of the canvas flapped over him,and i seed no more until i heard a cry from all below, and away wentherbert and wiggins, both together, flying to leeward just as the shipwas taking her recovery to windward.
fortunately they both fell clearof the ship about two feet, not more, and as their fall was expected,they had prepared below.
a master's mate, of the name of simmonds, andthe captain of the forecastle, both went overboard in bowling knots,with another in their hands, and in a minute or two they were all fouron board again; but herbert and were both senseless, and a long whilecoming to again.
well, now, what do you think was the upshot of it?
why, they were the best friends in the world ever afterwards, and wouldhave died for one another; and if one had a glass of grog from theofficers for any little job, instead of touching his forelock anddrinking it off to the officer's health, he always took it out of thegun-room, that he might give half of it to the other.
so, d'ye see myboys, as i said before i began my yarn, that danger makes friends.
"'tis said we vent'rous die hard,  when we leave the shore,  our friends may mourn, lest we return  to bless their sight no more.
but this is all a notion  bold jack can't understand;  some die upon the ocean.
and some die upon dry land."
"and if we had tumbled, father, we should have just died betwixt andbetween, not water enough to float us.
it would have been _woolez wousparlez wous_, plump in the mud, as you say sometimes."
"why, yes, tom.
i've a notion that i should have been planted too deepever to have struck," replied the old man, looking at his wooden stumps.
"why, yes, father, _legs_ are _legs_, when you tumble into six foot ofmud.
how you would have _dibbled_ down, if your _daddles_ hadn't heldon."
"well then, tom, recollect that you never _sell_ your father for a_lark_ again."
tom laughed, and catching at the word, although used in a differentsense, sung--  "just like the _lark_ high poised in air.
"and so were you, father, only you didn't sing as he does, and youdidn't leave your young one below in the nest."
"ay, it is the young uns which prevent the old ones from rising in theworld--that's very true, tom.
holla, who have we got here?
my serviceto you, at all events."
the art of hard lying made easy, though i am made very uneasy by hardlying--i send my ruler as a missive, to let the parties concerned knowthat i am a rebel to tyrannical rule--i am arraigned, tried, andcondemned without a hearing--what i lose in speech is made up infeeling, the whole wound up with magnanimous resolves, and a littlesobbing.
it was the captain of the american schooner, from out of which we werethen taking the casks of flour.
"we've no _sarvice_ in our country, i've a notion, my old bobtailroarer," said he.
"when do you come alongside of my schooner, fortother lading with this raft of yours?
not to-night, i guess."
"well, you've guessed right this time," replied old tom; "we shall lieon the mud till to-morrow morning, with your permission."
"yes, for all the world like a louisiana alligator.
you take thingscoolly, i've a notion, in the old country.
i don't want to be hanginghead and starn in this little bit of a river of your'n.
i must be backto new york afore fever time."
"she be a pretty craft, that little thing of yours," observed old tom;"how long may she take to make the run?"
i expect in just no time; and she'd go as fast again, onlyshe won't wait for the breeze to come up with her."
"why don't you heave-to for it?"
said young tom.
"lose too much time, i guess.
i have been chased by an easterly windall the way from your land's end to our narrows, and it never couldoverhaul me."
"and i presume the porpoises give it up in despair, don't they?"
repliedold tom, with a leer; "and yet i've seen the creatures playing acrossthe bows of an english frigate at her speed, and laughing at her."
"they never play their tricks with me, old snapper; if they do, i cutsthem in halves, and a-starn they go, head part floating on one side, andtail part on the other."
"but don't they join together again when they meet in your wake?"
"shouldn't wonder," replied the american captain.
"pray, captain, what may be that vessel they talk so much about at newyork?"
old tom referred to the first steam vessel, whose qualities atthat time had been tried, and an exaggerated report of which had beencopied from the american papers.
"that ship, or whatever she may be,that sails without masts, yards, or canvas; it is quite above mycomprehension."
"old country heads can't take it in.
i'll tell you what--she goes slickthrough the water, a-head or a-starn, broadside on, or up or down, orany way; and all you have to do is to poke the fire and warm yourfingers; and the more you poke, the faster she goes 'gainst wind andtide."
"well, i must see that to believe it, though," replied old tom.
"no fear of a capsize, i calculate.
my little craft did upset with meone night, in a pretty comfortable heavy _gal_; but she's _smart_, andcame up again on the other side in a moment, all right as before.
nevershould have known anything about it, if the man at the wheel had notfound his jacket wet, and the men below had a round turn in all theclews of their hammocks."
"after that round turn, you may belay," cried young tom, laughing.
"yes, but don't let's have a stopper over all, tom," replied his father.
"i consider all this excessively _divarting_.
pray, captain, doeseverything else go fast in the new country."
"everything with us _clean slick_, i guess."
"what sort of horses have you in america?"
"our kentucky horses, i've a notion, would surprise you.
they'realmighty goers; at a trot, beat a _north west gal_ of wind.
i once tookan englishman with me in a gig up allibama country, and he says, `what'sthis great churchyard we are passing through?'
`and stranger,' says i,`i calculate it's nothing but the milestones we are passing so _slick_.'
but i once had a horse, who, i expect, was a deal quicker than that.
ionce seed a flash of lightning chase him for half-an-hour round theclearance, and i guess it couldn't catch him.
but i can't wait nolonger.
i expect you'll come alongside to-morrow afore meridian."
"ay, ay, master," replied old tom, tuning up--  "'twas post meridian, half-past four,  by signal i from nancy parted,  at five she lingered on the shore,  with uplift eyes and broken-hearted."
"i calculate you are no fool of a screamer," said the american, shovingoff his boat from the barge, and pulling to his vessel.
"and i calculate you're no fool of a liar," said young tom.
"well, so he is; but i do like a good lie, jacob, there's some fun init.
but what the devil does the fellow mean by calling a gale ofwind--_a gal_?"
"i don't know," replied tom, "unless for the same reason that we call agirl _a blowing_."
our conversation was here interrupted by mr hodgson, the new headclerk, of whom i have hitherto said nothing.
he came into theestablishment in the place of mr tomkins, when we quitted the batterseawharf, and had taken an evident dislike to me, which appeared toincrease every day, as mr drummond gave me fresh marks of hisapprobation.
"you, faithful, come out of that barge directly, and go toyour desk.
i will have no eye-servers under me.
come out, sir,directly."
"i say, mr quilldriver," cried old tom, "do you mean for to say thatjacob is an eye-sarver?"
"yes, i do; and want none of your impertinence, or i'll unship you, youold blackguard."
"well, then, for the first part of your story, my sarvice to you and you_lies_; and as for the second, that remains to be proved."
mr hodgson's temper was not softened by this reply of old tom.
myblood was also up, for i had borne much already; and young tom wasbursting with impatience to take my part.
he walked carelessly by thehead clerk, saying to me as he passed by, "why, i thought, jacob, youwere 'prentice to the river; but it seems that you're bound to thecounting-house.
how long do you mean to sarve?"
"i don't know," replied i, as i walked away sulkily; "but i wish i wasout of my time."
"very well, sir, i shall report your behaviour to mr drummond.
i'llmake him know your tricks."
you won't let him know his tricks.
his duty is to take histrick at the wheel," replied old tom; "not to be brought up at yourcheating tricks at the desk."
"cheating tricks, you old scoundrel, what do you mean by that?"
repliedmr hodgson, in a rage.
"my father means _ledger_demain, i suppose," replied young tom.
this repartee from a quarter so little expected sent off the head clerkmore wroth than ever.
"you seemed to hit him hard there, tom," said his father; "but i can'tsay that i understand how."
"you've had me taught to read and write, father," replied young tom;"and a'ter that, a lad may teach himself everything.
i pick up everyday, here and there; and i never see a thing or a word that i don'tunderstand but i find out the meaning when i can.
i picked up that hardword at bartlemy fair."
"and very hard you hit him with it."
"who wouldn't to serve a friend?
but mark my words, father, this won'tlast long.
there's a squall blowing up, and jacob, quiet as he seems tobe, will show his teeth ere long."
tom was correct in his surmise.
i had not taken my seat at my desk morethan a minute, when mr hodgson entered, and commenced a tirade ofabuse, which my pride could no longer allow me to submit to.
aninvoice, perfectly correct and well-written, which i had nearlycompleted, he snatched from before me, tore into fragments, and orderedme to write it over again.
indignant at this treatment, i refused, andthrowing down my pen, looked at him determinedly in the face.
irritatedat this defiance, he caught up a directory, and threw it at my head.
nolonger able to command myself, i seized a ruler and returned the salute.
it was whizzing through the air as mr drummond entered the room; andhe was just in time to witness mr hodgson struck on the forehead andfelled to the ground, while i remained with my arm raised, standing uponthe cross-bar of my high stool, my face glowing with passion.
appearances were certainly against me.
assistance was summoned, and thehead clerk removed to his chamber, during all which time i remainedseated on my stool before the desk, my breast heaving with tumultuousfeelings.
how long i remained there i cannot say, it might have beentwo hours; feelings long dormant had been aroused, and whirled round andround in a continual cycle in my feverish brains.
i should haveremained probably much longer in this state of absorption, had i notbeen summoned to attend mr drummond.
it appeared that in the meantimemr hodgson had come to his own senses, and had given his own version ofthe fracas, which had been, to an unjustifiable degree, corroborated bythe stupid young clerk, who was no friend of mine, and who sought favourwith his principal.
i walked up to the drawing-room, where i found mrand mrs drummond, and little sarah, whose eyes were red with crying.
ientered without any feeling of alarm, my breast was too full ofindignation.
mrs drummond looked grave and mournful, mr drummondsevere.
"jacob faithful, i have sent for you to tell you that in consequence ofyour disgraceful conduct to my senior clerk, you can no longer remainunder my roof.
it appears that what i have been a witness to this dayhas been but a sequel to behaviour equally improper and impertinent;that so far from having, as i thought, done your duty, you haveconstantly neglected it; and that the association you have formed withthat drunken old man and his insolent son has led you into this folly.
you may say that it was not your wish to remain on shore, and that youpreferred being on the river.
at your age it is too often the case thatyoung people consult their wishes rather than their interests; and it iswell for them if they find those who are older, and wished them well, todecide for them.
i had hoped to have been able to place you in a morerespectable situation in society than was my original intention when youwere thrown upon me, a destitute orphan; but i now perceive my error.
you have proved yourself not only deceitful but ungrateful."
"i have not," interrupted i, calmly.
i have been a witness myself to your impropriety of conduct,which, it appears, has long been concealed from me; but no more of that.
i bound you apprentice to the river, and you must now follow up yourapprenticeship; but expect nothing farther from me.
you must now workyour own way up in the world, and i trust that you will reform and dowell.
you may return to the lighter until i can procure you a situationin another craft, for i consider it my duty to remove you from theinfluence of those who have led you astray, and with the old man and hisson you will not remain.
i have one thing more to say.
you have beenin my counting-house for some months, and you are now about to be thrownupon the world.
there are ten pounds for your services," (and mrdrummond laid the money on the table).
"you may also recollect that ihave some money belonging to you, which has been laid by until you shallbe out of your apprenticeship.
i consider it my duty still to retainthat money for you; as soon as your apprenticeship is expired you maydemand it, and it shall be made over to you.
i trust, sincerely trust,jacob, that the severe lesson you are now about to receive will bringyou to a sense of what is right, and that you will forget the evilcounsel you have received from your late companions.
do not attempt tojustify yourself; it is useless."
mr drummond then rose and left theroom.
i should have replied, had it not been for this last sentence of mrdrummond's, which again roused the feeling of indignation, which, intheir presence, had been gradually giving way to softer emotions.
itherefore stood still, and firmly met the glance of mr drummond as hepassed me.
my looks were construed into hardness of heart.
it appeared that mr drummond had left the room by previous arrangement,that he might not be supposed to be moved from this purpose, and thatmrs drummond was then to have talked to me, and to have ascertained howfar there was a chance of my pleading guilty, and begging for amitigation of my sentence; but the firm composure of innocence wasmistaken for defiance; and the blood mounting to my forehead from afeeling of injustice--of injustice from those i loved and venerated--perhaps the most poignant feeling in existence to a sensitive andgenerous mind--was falsely estimated as proceeding from impetuous anddisgraceful sources.
mrs drummond looked upon me with a mournful face,sighed, and said nothing; little sarah watching me with her large blackeyes, as if she would read my inmost soul.
"have you nothing to say, jacob," at last observed mrs drummond, "thati can tell mr drummond when his anger is not so great?"
"nothing, madam," replied i, "except that i'll try to forgive him."
this reply was offensive even to the mild mrs drummond.
she rose fromher chair.
"come, sarah," said she: and she walked out of the room,wishing me, in a kind, soft voice, a "good-bye, jacob," as she passedme.
my eyes swam with tears.
i tried to return the salutation, but i wastoo much choked by my feelings; i could not speak, and my silence wasagain looked upon as contumacy and ingratitude.
little sarah stillremained--she had not obeyed her mother's injunctions to follow her.
she was now nearly fourteen years old, and i had known her as acompanion and a friend for five years.
during the last six months thati had resided in the house we had become more intimately acquainted.
ijoined her in the evening in all her pursuits, and mr and mrs drummondappeared to take a pleasure in our intimacy.
i loved her as a dearsister; my love was based on gratitude.
i had never forgotten herkindness to me when i first came under her father's roof, and a longacquaintance with the sweetness of her disposition had rendered theattachment so firm, that i felt i could have died for her.
but i neverknew the full extent of the feeling until now that i was about to leaveher, perhaps for ever.
my heart sank when mr drummond left the room--abitter pang passed through it as the form of mrs drummond vanished frommy sight; but now was to be the bitterest of all.
i felt it, and iremained with the handle of the door in my hand, gasping for breath--blinded with the tears that coursed each other rapidly down my cheeks.
i remained a minute in this state, when i felt that sarah touched myother listless hand.
she would have said, but before half my name was out she burstinto tears, and sobbed on my shoulder.
my heart was too much surchargednot to take the infection--my grief found vent, and i mingled my sobswith those of the affectionate girl.
when we were more composed, irecounted to her all that had passed, and one, at least, in the worldacknowledged that i had been treated unjustly.
i had but just finished,when the servant interrupted us with a message to sarah, that her motherdesired her presence.
she threw herself into my arms, and bade mefarewell.
i released her, she hastened to obey her mother, butperceiving the money still upon the table, she pointed to it.
"no sarah, i will not accept it.
i would accept of anything from thosewho treat me kindly, and feel more and more grateful to them; but that iwill not accept--i cannot, and you must not let it be left here.
saythat i could not take it."
sarah would have remonstrated, but perceiving that i was firm, and atthe same time, perhaps, entering into my feelings, she again bade mefarewell, and hastened away.
the reader may easy imagine that i did not put off my departure.
ihastened to pack up my clothes, and in less than ten minutes after sarahhad quitted me, i was on board the lighter, with old tom and his son,who were then going to supper.
they knew a part of what had happened,and i narrated the rest.
"well," replied old tom, after i had finished my story, "i didn't knowthat i have done you any harm, jacob, and i'm sorry that mr drummondshould suppose so.
i'm fond of a drop, that's true; but i appeals toyou, whether i ever force it on you--and whether i don't check that boyas much as i can; but then, d'ye see, although i preach, i don'tpractise, that's the worst of it; and i know i've to answer for makingtom so fond of grog; and though i never says anything about it, i oftenthink to myself, that if tom should chance to be pressed some of thesedays, and be punished for being in liquor, he'll think of his oldfather, and curse him in his heart, when he eyes the cat flourishinground before it strikes."
"i'll curse the cat, father, or the boatswain's mate, or the officer whocomplained of me, or the captain who flogs me, or my own folly, but i'llbe hanged if ever i curse you, who have been so kind to me," repliedtom, taking his father's hand.
"well, we must hope for the best, my dear boy," replied old tom; "but,jacob, you've not had fair play, that sartain.
it's very true thatmaster did take you as an orphan, and help you to an education; butthat's no reason why he should take away your free will, and afterbinding you 'prentice to the river, perch you up on a high stool, andgrind your nose down to the desk.
if so be he was so kind to you onlyto make you a slave, why, then, there was no kindness at all, in myopinion: and as for punishment without hearing what a man has to say inhis own defence--there's ne'er a tartar in the sarvice but would allow aman to speak before he orders him to strip.
i recollect a story aboutthat in the sarvice, but i'm in no humour to spin a yarn now.
now, yousee, jacob, master drummond has done a great deal for you, and now hehas undone a great deal!
i can't pretend to balance the account, but itdoes appear to me that you don't owe him much; for what thanks is thereif you take a vessel in tow, and then cast her off, half-way, when shemost needs your assistance?
but what hurts me most is his saying thatyou sha'n't stay in the lighter with us; if you had, you shouldn't havewanted, as long as pay and pension are forthcoming.
never mind--tom, myboy, bring out the bottle--hang care: it killed the cat."
the grog did not, however, bring back old tom's spirits; the eveningpassed heavily, and we retired to our beds at a seasonable hour, as wewere to drop down to the schooner early the next morning.
that night idid not close my eyes.
i ran over, in my mind, all that had occurred,and indignation took full possession of my soul.
my whole life passedin review before me.
i travelled back to my former days--to the timewhich had been almost obliterated from my memory, when i had navigatedthe barge with my father.
again was the scene of his and my mother'sdeath presented to my view; again i saw him disappear, and the column ofblack smoke ascend to the sky.
the dominie, the matron, marables, andfleming, the scene in the cabin--all passed in rapid succession.
i feltthat i had done my duty, and that i had been unjustly treated; my headached with tumultuous and long suppressed feelings.
reader, i statedthat when i was first taken in hand by mr drummond i was a savage,although a docile one, to be reclaimed by kindness, and kindness only.
you may have been surprised at the rapid change which took place in afew years; that change was produced by kindness.
the conduct of mrdrummond, of his amiable wife and daughter, had been all kindness; thedominie and the worthy old matron had proved equally beneficent.
marables had been kind; and, although now and then, as in the case ofthe usher at the school, and fleming on board the lighter, i hadreceived injuries, still, these were but trifling checks to theuninterrupted series of kindness with which i had been treated byeverybody.
thus was my nature rapidly formed by a system of kindnessassisted by education; and had this been followed up, in a few years mynew character would have been firmly established.
but the blow was nowstruck, injustice roused up the latent feelings of my nature, and when irose the next morning i was changed.
i do not mean to say that all thatprecept and education had done for me was overthrown; but if notoverthrown, it was so shaken to the base, so rent from the summit to thefoundation, that, at the slightest impulse in a wrong direction, itwould have fallen in and left nothing but a mixed chaos of ruinedprospects.
if anything could hold it together it was the kindness andaffection of sarah, to which i would again and again return in myrevolving thoughts, as the only bright star to be discovered in myclouded horizon.
how dangerous, how foolish, how presumptuous it is in adults to supposethat they can read the thoughts and the feelings of those of a tenderage!
how often has this presumption on their part been the ruin of ayoung mind, which, if truly estimated and duly fostered, would haveblossomed and produced good fruit!
the blush of honest indignation isas dark as the blush of guilt, and the paleness of concentrated courageas marked as that of fear, the firmness of conscious innocence is buttoo often mistaken as the effrontery of hardened vice, and the tearsspringing from a source of injury, the tongue tied from the oppressionof a wounded heart, the trembling and agitation of the little frameconvulsed with emotion have often and often been ascribed by prejudgingand self-opinionated witnesses to the very opposite passions to thosewhich have produced them.
youth should never be judged harshly, andeven when judged correctly, should it be in an evil course, may alwaysbe reclaimed;--those who decide otherwise, and leave it to drift aboutthe world, have to answer for the _cast-away_.
the breach widened--i turn sportsman, poacher, and desperado--someexcellent notions propounded of common law upon common rights--thecommon keeper uncommonly savage--i warn him off--he prophesies that weshall both come to the gallows--some men are prophets in their owncountry--the man right after all.
in the lighter there--i say, you _lighter boy_!"
were words iheard, as i was pacing the deck of the vessel in deep cogitation tom andhis father were both in the cabin; there could be no doubt but that theywere addressed to me.
i looked up, and perceived the grinning, stupid,sneering face of the young clerk, gubbins.
"why don't you answer whenyou're called to, heh?"
continued the numbskull.
"you're wanted uphere!
come up directly."
"who wants me?"
replied i, reddening with anger.
"what's that to you?
do you mean to obey _my_ order or not?"
"no, i do not," replied i; "i'm not under the orders of such a fool,thank god; and if you come within my reach, i'll try if i can't breakyour head, thick as it is, as well as your master's."
the lout disappeared, and i continued to pace up and down.
as i afterwards discovered, the message was from mrs drummond, whorequested to speak to me.
sarah had communicated the real facts of mycase, and mrs drummond had been convinced that what i had said wascorrect.
she had talked with her husband; she pointed out to him thatmy conduct under mr tomkins had been so exemplary that there must havebeen some reason for so sudden a change.
sarah had gone down into thecounting-house, and obtained the invoice which the senior clerk had tornup.
the correctness of it established the fact of one part of myassertions, and that nothing but malice could have warranted its havingbeen destroyed.
mr drummond felt more than he chose to acknowledge; hewas now aware that he had been too precipitate; even my having refusedthe money assumed a different appearance; he _was_ puzzled andmortified.
few people like to acknowledge that they have been in error.
mr drummond, therefore, left his wife to examine further into thematter, and gave her permission to send for me.
the message given, andthe results of it have been stated.
the answer returned was that iwould not come, and that i had threatened to break the clerk's head aswell as that of mr drummond; for although the scoundrel knew very wellthat in making use of the word "master," i referred to the senior clerk,he thought it proper to substitute that of mr drummond.
the effect ofthis reply may easily be imagined.
sarah was astonished, mrs drummondshocked, and mr drummond was almost pleased to find that he could nothave been in the wrong.
thus was the breach made even wider thanbefore, and all communication broken off.
much depends in this worldupon messages being correctly given.
in half-an-hour we had hauled out of the tier and dropped down to theamerican schooner, to take out a cargo of flour, which old tom haddirections to land at the battersea wharf; so that i was, for the time,removed from the site of my misfortune.
i cannot say that i felt happy,but i certainly felt glad that i was away.
i was reckless to a degreethat was insupportable.
i had a heavy load on my mind which i could notshake off--a prey upon my spirits--a disgust at almost everything.
howwell do i recollect with what different feelings i looked upon the fewbooks which mr drummond and the dominie had given me to amuse myleisure hours.
i turned from them with contempt, and thought i wouldnever open them again.
i felt as if all ties were now cut off, and thati was again wedded to the thames; my ideas, my wishes, extended nofarther, and i surveyed the river and its busy scene as i did before ihad been taken away from it, as if all my energies, all my prospectswere in future to be bounded by its shores.
in the course offour-and-twenty hours a revulsion had taken place, which again put me onthe confines of barbarism.
my bargemates were equally dull as i was; they were too partial to me,and had too much kindness of heart, not to feel my situation, and angerat the injustice with which i had been treated.
employment, however,for a time relieved our melancholy thoughts.
our cargo was on board ofthe lighter, and we were again tiding it through the bridges.
we dropped our anchor above putney bridge a little after twelve o'clock,and young tom, with the wish of amusing me, proposed that we should goon shore and walk.
do my lads, do--it will do you good, jacob; nouse moping here a whole tide.
i'll take care of the 'barkey.
mind youmake the boat well fast, and take the sculls into the public-housethere.
i'll have the supper under weigh when you come back, and thenwe'll have a night on't.
it's a poor heart that never rejoices; and,tom, take a bottle on shore, get it filled, and bring it off with you.
here's the money.
but i say, tom, honour bright."
"honour bright, father;" and to do tom justice, he always kept hispromise, especially after the word had passed of "honour bright."
hadthere been gallons of spirits under his charge he would not have tasteda drop after that pledge.
"haul up the boat, jacob, quick," said tom, as his father went into thecabin to fetch an empty bottle.
tom hastened down below forward andbrought up an old gun, which he put under the stern sheets before hisfather came out on the deck.
we then received the bottle from him, andtom called out for the dog tommy.
"why, you're not going to take the dog.
what's the use of that?
i wanthim here to keep watch with me," said old tom.
father; why can't you let the poor devil have a run on shore?
hewants to eat grass, i am sure, for i watched him this day or two.
weshall be back before dark."
"well, well, just as you please, tom."
tommy jumped into the boat, andaway we went.
"and now, tom, what are you after?"
said i, as soon as we were ten yardsfrom the lighter.
"a'ter, jacob, going to have a little shooting on wimbledon common; butfather can't bear to see a gun in my hand, because i once shot my oldmother.
i did pepper her, sure enough; her old flannel petticoat wasfull of shot, but it was so thick that it saved her.
are you anythingof a shot?"
"never fired a gun in my life."
"well, then, we'll fire in turns, and toss up, if you like, for firstshot."
we landed, carried the sculls up to the public-house, and left thebottle to be filled, and then, with tommy bounding before us, andthrowing about his bushy tail with delight, ascended putney hill, andarrived at the green man public-house, at the corner of wimbledoncommon.
"i wonder where green men are to be found?"
observed tom,laughing; "i suppose they live in the same country with the _blue_ dogsmy father speaks about sometimes.
now, then, its time to load."
the bowl of a tobacco pipe, full of powder, was then inserted, with anequal dose of shot, and all being ready we were soon among the furze.
ahalf penny decided it was my first shot, and fate further decided that awater-wagtail should be the mark.
i took good aim, as i thought, atleast i took sufficient time, for i followed him with the muzzle of thegun for three or four minutes at least, as he ran to and fro; at last ifired.
tommy barked with delight, and the bird flew away.
"i think imust have hit it," said i; "i saw it wag its tail."
"more proof of a miss than a hit," replied tom.
"had you hit it he'dnever have wagged his tail again."
"never mind," said i, "better luck next time."
tom then knocked a blackbird off a furze bush, and loading the gun,handed it to me.
i was more successful than before; a cock sparrow,three yards distant, yielded to the prowess of my arm, and i never feltmore happy in my life than in this first successful attempt at murder.
gaily did we trudge over the common, sometimes falling in withgravel-pits half full of water, at others bogs and swampy plains, whichobliged us to make a circuit.
the gun was fired again and again; butour game-bag did not fill very fast.
however, if we were not quite sowell pleased when we missed as when we hit, tommy was, every shot beingfollowed up with a dozen bounds, and half a minute's barking.
at lastwe began to feel tired, and agreed to repose a while in a cluster offurze bushes.
we sat down, pulled out our game, and spread it in a rowbefore us.
it consisted of two sparrows, one greenfinch, one blackbird,and three tomtits.
all of a sudden we heard a rustling in the furze,and then a loud squeal.
it was the dog, who, scenting something, hadforced its way into the bush, and had caught a hare, which having beenwounded in the loins by some other sportsman, had dragged itself thereto die.
in a minute we had taken possession of it, much to theannoyance of tommy, who seemed to consider that there was noco-partnership in the concern, and would not surrender his prize untilafter sundry admonitory kicks.
when we had fairly beaten him off wewere in an ecstasy of delight.
we laid the animal out between us, andwere admiring it from the ear to the tip of his tail, when we weresuddenly saluted with a voice close to us.
"oh, you blam'd youngpoachers, so i've caught you, have i?"
we looked up, and beheld thecommon-keeper.
"come--come along with me; we've a nice clink atwandsworth to lock you up in.
i've been looking a'rter you some time.
hand your gun here."
"i should rather think not," replied i.
"the gun belongs to us, and notto you;" and i caught up the gun, and presented the muzzle at him.
do you mean to commit murder?
why, you young villains!"
"do you want to commit a robbery?"
retorted i, fiercely; "because if youdo, i mean to commit murder.
then i shoot him.
"no, jacob, no; you mustn't shoot men," replied tom, who perceived thati was in a humour to keep my word with the common-keeper.
"indeed, youcan't," continued he, whispering to me; "the gun's not loaded."
"do you mean to refuse to give me up your gun?"
repeated the man.
"yes i do," replied i, cocking the lock; "so keep off."
you young reprobates--you'll come to the gallows before long,that's certain.
do you refuse to come with me?"
"i should rather think we do," replied i.
"you refuse, do you?
recollect i've caught you in the fact, poaching,with a dead hare in your possession."
"well, it's no use crying about it.
what's done can't be helped,"replied i.
"don't you know that all the game, and all the turf, and all the bog,and all the gravel, and all the furze on this common belong to the righthonourable earl spencer?"
"and all the blackbirds, and all the greenfinches, and all the sparrows,and all the tomtits too, i suppose?"
"to be sure they do--and i'm common-keeper.
now you'll give me up thathare immediately."
"look you," replied tom, "we didn't kill that hare, the dog caught it,and it is his property.
we sha'n't interfere in the matter.
if tommychooses to let you have it, well and good.
here, tommy, this heregentleman says," (and tom pointed to the keeper) "that this hare," (andtom pointed to the hare) "is not yours; now will you `watch it,' or lethim have it?"
at the word `watch it,' tommy laid down with his fore-paws over thehare, and showing a formidable set of ivories, looked fiercely at theman, and growled.
"you see what he says; now you may do as you please," continued tom,addressing the man.
"yes--very well--you'll come to the gallows, i see that; but i'll justgo and fetch half-a-dozen men to help me, and then we'll have you bothin gaol."
"then, be smart," replied i, jumping up and levelling the gun.
tommyjumped up also to fly at the man, but tom caught him by the neck andrestrained him.
the common-keeper took to his heels, and as soon as hewas out of gun-shot, turned round, shook his fist, and then hastenedaway to obtain the reinforcement he desired.
"i wish the gun had been loaded," said i.
"why, jacob, what's come over you?
would you have fired at him?
theman is only doing his duty--we have no business here."
"i think otherwise," replied i.
"a hare on a common is as much mine aslord spencer's.
a common belongs to everybody."
"that's my opinion, too; but, nevertheless, if he gets hold of us, he'llhave us in gaol; and therefore i propose we make off as fast as we canin the opposite way to which he is gone."
we started accordingly, and as the keeper proceeded in the direction ofwandsworth, we took the other direction; but it so happened that onturning round, after a quarter of an hour's walk, we perceived the mancoming back with three or four others.
"we must run for it," cried tom,"and then hide ourselves."
after ten minutes' hard run we descendedinto a hollow and swampy place, looking round to see if they couldperceive us, and finding that they were not in sight, we plunged into athick cluster of furze bushes, which completely concealed us.
tommyfollowed us, and there we lay.
"now they never will find us," said tom,"if i can only keep the dog quiet.
lie down, tommy.
watch, and liedown."
the dog appeared to understand what was required; he lay betweenus perfectly still.
we had remained there about half-an-hour when we heard voices.
imotioned to tom to give me the powder to load the gun, but he refused.
the voices came nearer; tommy gave a low growl.
tom held his mouth withhis hands.
at last they were close to the bushes, and we heard thecommon-keeper say, "they never went over the hill, that's for certain,the little wagrants; they can't be far off--they must be down in thehollow.
"but i'm blessed if i'm not up to my knees in the bog," cried one of themen; "i'll go no further down, dang me!"
"well, then let's try the side of the bog," replied the keeper, "i'llshow you the way."
and the voices retreated, fortunately for us, forthere had been a continual struggle between us and the dog for the lastminute, i holding his forepaws, and tom jamming up his mouth.
we werenow all quiet again, but dare not leave our hiding-place.
we remained there for half-an-hour, when it became nearly dark, and thesky, which had been quite clear when we set out, clouded over.
tom putup his head, looked all round, and perceiving nobody, proposed that weshould return as fast as we could; to which i agreed.
but we werescarcely clear of the furze in which we had been concealed when a heavyfall of snow commenced, which, with the darkness, prevented us fromdistinguishing our way.
every minute the snow-storm increased, the windrose, and hurled the flakes into our faces until we were blinded.
stillwe made good way against it, and expected every minute to be on theroad, after which our task would be easy.
on we walked in silence, icarrying the gun, tom with the hare over his shoulder, and tommy at ourheels.
for upwards of an hour did we tread our way through the furze,but could find no road.
above us all was dark as pitch; the windhowled; our clothes were loaded with snow; and we began to feel noinconsiderable degree of fatigue.
at last, quite tired out, we stopped.
"tom," said i, "i'm sure we'venot kept a straight course.
the wind was on our starboard side, and ourclothes were flaked with snow on that side, and now you see we've got itin our quarter.
what the devil shall we do?"
"we must go on till we fall in with something, at all events," repliedtom.
"and i expect that will be a gravel-pit," replied i; "but never mind,`better luck next time.'
i only wish i had that rascal of acommon-keeper here.
suppose we turn back again, and keep the wind onthe starboard side of us as before; we must pitch upon something atlast."
we did so, but our difficulties increased every moment; we floundered inthe bogs, we tumbled over the stumps of the cut furze, and had i notcaught bold of tom as he was sliding down he would have been at thebottom of a gravel-pit.
this obliged us to alter our course, and weproceeded for a quarter of an hour, in another direction, until, wornout with cold and fatigue, we began to despair.
"this will never do, tom," said i, as the wind rose and roared withdouble fury.
"i think we had better get into the furze, and wait tillthe storm is over."
tom's teeth chattered with the cold; but before he could reply, theychattered with fear.
we heard a loud scream _overhead_.
i confess that i was as much alarmed as tom.
thescream was repeated, and it had an unearthly sound.
it was no humanvoice--it was between a scream and a creak.
again it was repeated, andcarried along with the gale.
i mustered up courage sufficient to lookup to where the sound proceeded from; but the darkness was so intense,and the snow blinded me so completely, that i could see nothing.
againand again did the dreadful sound ring in our ears, and we remained fixedand motionless with horror; even the dog crouched at our feet trembling.
we spoke not a word--neither of us moved; the gun had fallen from myhand; the hare lay at tom's feet; we held each other's hand in silence,and there we remained for more than a quarter of an hour, every momentmore and more sinking under the effects of cold, fatigue, and horror.
fortunately for us the storm, in which had it continued much longer weshould, in all probability, have perished, was by that time over; thesnow ceased to fall; the clouds were rolled away to leeward; and a clearsky, bespangled with a thousand twinkling lights, roused us from ourstate of bodily and mental suffering.
the first object which caught myeye was a post within two yards of us.
i looked at it, followed it upwith my eyes, and, to my horror, beheld a body suspended and swinging inchains over our heads.
as soon as i recovered from the shock which the first view occasioned, ipointed it out to tom, who had not yet moved.
he looked up, startedback, and fell over the dog--jumped up again, and burst out into as louda laugh as his frozen jaws would permit.
"it's old jerry abershaw,"said he, "i know him well, and now i know where we are."
this was thecase; abershaw had, about three years before, been hung in chains onwimbledon common; and the unearthly sound we had heard was the creakingof the rusty iron as the body was swung to-and-fro by the gale.
"all'sright, jacob," said tom, looking up at the brilliant sky, and thentaking up the hare, "we'll be on the road in five minutes."
ishouldered the gun, and off we set.
"by the lord, that rascallycommon-keeper was right," continued tom, as we renewed our steps; "heprophesied we should come to the gallows before long, and so we have.
well, this has been a pretty turn out.
father will be in a preciousstew."
"better luck next time, tom," replied i; "it's all owing to thatturf-and-bog rascal.
i wish we had him here."
"why, what would you do with him?"
"take down old abershaw, and hang him up in his place, as sure as myname's jacob."
our last adventure not fatal--take to my grog kindly--grog makes me avery unkind return--old tom at his yarns again--how to put your foot ina mischief, without having a hand in it--candidates for thecat-o'-nine-tails.
we soon recovered the road, and in half-an-hour we were at putneybridge; cold, wet, and tired, but not so bad as when we were stationaryunder the gallows; the quick walking restored the circulation.
tom wentin for the bottle of spirits, while i went for the sculls and carriedthem down to the boat, which was high and dry, and nearly up to thethwarts with snow.
when tom joined me, he appeared with two bottlesunder his arms.
"i have taken another upon tick, jacob," said he, "fori'm sure we want it, and so will father say, when he hears our story."
we launched our boat, and in a couple of minutes were close to thelighter, on the deck of which stood old tom.
is that you, lads?"
"yes, father, all's right," replied tom, as we laid in our oars.
replied the old man.
"boys, boys, how you frightened me?
where have you been?
i thought you had met with some disaster.
howhave i been peeping through the snow-storm these last two hours,watching for the boat, and i'm as wet as a shag and as cold as charity.
what has been the matter?
did you bring the bottle, tom?"
"yes, father; brought two, for we shall want them to-night if we gowithout for a week; but we must all get on dry rigging as fast aspossible, and then you shall have the story of our cruise."
in a few minutes we had changed our wet clothes and were seated at thecabin-table, eating our supper, and narrating our adventures to the oldman.
tommy, poor fellow, had his share, and now lay snoring at ourfeet, as the bottles and pannikins were placed upon the little table.
"come, jacob, a drop will do you good," said old tom, filling me one ofthe pannikins.
"a'ter all, it's much better being snug here in thislittle cabin than shivering with fear and cold under old abershaw'sgallows; and tom, you scamp, if ever you go gunning again i'lldisinherit you."
"what have you got to leave, father, except your wooden legs?"
"your's would be but a _wooden-leg_-acy."
"how do you know but what i can `_post the coal_?'"
"so you will, if i boil a pot o' 'tatoes with your legacy--but it willonly be char-coal."
"well, i believe you are about right, tom; still, somehow or other, theold woman always picks out a piece or two of gold when i'm ratherpuzzled how to raise the wind.
i never keeps no 'count with her.
if ifollow my legs before she, i hope the old soul will have savedsomething; for you know when a man goes to kingdom come, his pensiongoes with him.
however, let me only hold on another five years, andthen you'll not see her want; will you, tom?"
"no, father; i'll sell myself to the king, and stand to be shot at, at ashilling a day, and give the old woman half."
"well, tom, 'tis but natural for a man to wish to serve his country; sohere's to you, my lad, and may you never do worse!
jacob, do you thinkof going on board of a man-of-war?"
"i'd like to serve my apprenticeship first, and then i don't care howsoon."
"well, my boy, you'll meet more fair play on board of a king's ship thanyou have from those on shore."
"i should hope so," replied i, bitterly.
"i hope to see you a man before i die, yet, jacob.
i shall very soon belaid up in ordinary--my toes pain me a good deal lately!"
cried tom and i both at once.
"yes, boys; you may think it odd, but sometimes i feel them just asplain as if they were now on, instead of being long ago in some shark'smaw.
at nights i has the cramp in them till it almost makes me hallooout with pain.
it's a hard thing, when one has lost the sarvice of hislegs, that all the feelings should remain.
the doctor says as how it'snarvous.
come, jacob, shove in your pannikin.
you seem to take it morekindly than you did."
"yes," replied i, "i begin to like grog now."
the _now_, however, mightbe comprehended within the space of the last twenty-four hours.
mydepressed spirits were raised with the stimulus, and for a time i gotrid of the eternal current of thought which pressed upon my brain.
"i wonder what your old gentleman, the dominie, as you call him,thought, after he got on shore again," said old tom.
"he seemed to bemighty cut up.
i suppose you'll give him a hail, jacob?"
"no," replied i, "i shall not go near him, nor any one else, if i canhelp it.
mr drummond may think i wish to make it up again.
i've donewith the shore.
i only wish i knew what is to become of me; for youknow i am not to serve in the lighter with you."
"suppose tom and i look out for another craft, jacob?
i care nothingfor mr drummond.
he said t'other day i was a drunken old swab--forwhich, with my sarvice to him, he lies.
a drunken fellow is one whocan't, for the soul of him, keep from liquor when he can get it, andwho's overtaken before he is aware of it.
now that's not the case withme; i keep sober when there's work to be done; and when i knows thateverything is safe under hatches, and no fear of nothing, why then igets drunk like a rational being, with my eyes open--'cause why?--'causei chooses."
"that's exactly my notion of the thing," observed tom, draining hispannikin, and handing it over to his father for a fresh supply.
"mind you keep to that notion, tom, when you gets in the king's sarvice,that's all; or you'll be sure to have your back scratched, which iunderstand is no joke after all.
yet i do remember once, in a ship iwas in, when half-a-dozen fellows were all fighting who should beflogged."
"pray give us that yarn, father; but before you begin just fill mypannikin.
i shoved it over half-an-hour ago, just by way of a hint."
"well then," said old tom, pouring out some spirits into tom's pannikin,"it was just as follows.
it was when the ship was lying at anchor inbermuda harbour, that the purser sent a breaker of spirits on shore tobe taken up to some lady's house whom he was very anxious to splice, andi suppose that he found a glass of grog helped the matter.
now, therewere about twenty of the men who had liberty to go on shore, to stretchtheir limbs--little else could they do, poor fellows for the firstlieutenant looked sharp after their kits to see that they did not sellany of their rigging; and as for money, we had been five years withouttouching a farthing of pay, and i don't suppose there was a matter ofthreepence among the men before the mast.
however, liberty's libertyafter all; and if they couldn't go ashore and get glorious, rather thannot go on shore at all, they went ashore and kept sober perforce.
i dothink, myself, it's a very bad thing to keep the seamen without afarthing for so long--for you see a man who will be very honest with afew shillings in his pocket is often tempted to help himself, just forthe sake of getting a glass or two of grog, and the temptation's verygreat, that's sartain, 'ticularly in a hot climate, when the sunscorches you, and the very ground itself is so heated that you canhardly bear the naked foot to it.
[_this has been corrected; the menhave for some time received a portion of their pay on foreign stations,and this portion has been greatly increased during sir james graham'sadministration_.]
but to go on.
the yawl was ordered on shore for theliberty men, and the purser gives this breaker, which was at least halffull, and i dare say there might be three gallons in it, under my chargeas coxswain, to deliver to madam at the house.
well, as soon as welanded, i shoulders the breaker, and starts with it up the hill.
"`what have you there, tom?'
said bill short.
"`what i wish i could share with you, bill,' says i; `it's some of oldnipcheese's _eights_, that he has sent on shore to bowse his jib upwith, with his sweetheart.'
"`i've seen the madam,' said holmes to me--for you see all the libertymen were walking up the hill at the same time--`and i'd rather make loveto the breaker than to her.
she's as fat as an ox, as broad as she'slong, built like a dutch schuyt, and as yellow as a nabob.'
"`but old tummings knows what he's about,' said a scotch lad of the nameof m'alpine; `they say she has lots of gold dust, more ducks and ingons,and more inches of water in her tank than any on the island.'
"you see, boys, bermuda be a queer sort of place, and water very scarce;all they get there is a godsend, as it comes from heaven; and they looksharp for the rain, which is collected in large tanks, and an inch ortwo more of water in the tank is considered a great catch.
i've oftenheard the ladies there talking for a shower:--"`good morning, marm.
how do you do this fine morning?'
"`pretty well, i tank you, marm.
charming shower hab last night.'
"`yes, so all say; but me not very lucky.
cloud not come over my tank.
how many inches of water you get last night, marm?'
"`i get good seven inches, and i tink a little bit more, which make mevery happy.'
"`me no so lucky, marm; so help me god, me only get four inches of waterin my tank; and dat nothing.'
"well, but i've been yawing again, so now to keep my course.
as soon asi came to the house i knocked at the door, and a little black girl opensthe jalousies, and put her finger to her thick lips.
"`no make noise; missy sleep.'
"`where am i to put this?'
"`put down there; by-and-by i come fetch it;' and then she closed thejalousies, for fear her mistress should be woke up, and she get ahiding, poor devil.
so i puts the breaker down at the door, and walksback to the boat again.
now, you see, these liberty men were all bywhen i spoke to the girl, and seeing the liquor left with no one toguard it, the temptation was too strong for them.
so they looked allabout them, and then at one another, and caught one another's meaning bythe eye; but they said nothing.
`i'll have no hand in it,' at last saysone, and walked away.
`nor i,' said another, and walked away too.
atlast all of them walked away except eight, and then bill short walks upto the breaker and says--"`i won't have no _hand_ in it, either;' but he gave the breaker a kick,which rolls it away two or three yards from the door.
"`nor more will i,' said holmes, giving the breaker another kick, whichrolled it out in the road.
so they all went on, without having a _hand_in it, sure enough, till they had kicked the breaker down the hill tothe beach.
then they were at a dead stand, as no one would spile thebreaker.
at last a black carpenter came by, and they offered him aglass if he would bore a hole with his gimlet, for they were determinedto be able to swear, every one of them; that they had _no hand in it_.
well, as soon as the hole was bored, one of them borrowed a couple oflittle mugs from a black woman, who sold beer, and then they let it run,the black carpenter shoving one mug under as soon as the other was full,and they drinking as fast as they could.
before they had half finished,more of the liberty men came down; i suppose they scented the good stufffrom above as a shark does anything in the water, and they soon made afinish of it; and when it was all finished, they were all drunk, andmade sail for a cruise, that they might not be found too near the emptybreaker.
well, a little before sunset i was sent on shore with the boatto fetch off the liberty men, and the purser takes this opportunity ofgetting ashore to see his madam, and the first thing he falls athwart ofis his own empty breaker.
says he; `didn't you take this breaker up as i orderedyou?'
"`yes, sir,' replied i, `i did, and gave it in charge to the little backthing; but madam was asleep, and the girl did not allow me to put itinside the door.'
at that he began to storm, and swore that he'd findout the malefactors, as he termed the liberty men, who had emptied hisbreaker; and away he went to the house.
as soon as he was gone we gothold of the breaker, and made a _bull_ of it."
"how did you manage that?"
"why, jacob, a _bull_ means putting a quart or two of water into a caskwhich has had spirits in it; and what with the little that may be left,and what has soaked in the wood, if you roll it and shake it well, itgenerally turns out pretty fair grog.
at all events its always betterthan nothing.
well, to go on--but suppose we fill up again and take afresh departure, as this is a tolerably long yarn, and i must wet thethreads, or they may chance to break."
our pannikins, which had been empty, were all replenished, and then oldtom proceeded.
"it was a long while before we could pick up the liberty men, who werereeling about every corner of the town, and quite dark before i came onboard.
the first lieutenant was on deck, and had no occasion to ask mewhy i waited so long, when he found they were all lying in the sternsheets.
`where the devil could they have picked up the liquor?'
saidhe, and then he ordered the master-at-arms to keep them under thehalf-deck till they were sober.
the next morning the purser comes off,and makes his complaint on the quarter-deck as how somebody had stolenhis liquor.
the first lieutenant reports to the captain, and thecaptain orders up all the men who came off tipsy.
"`which of you took the liquor?'
they all swore that they hadno hand in it.
`then how did you get tipsy?
come now, mr short,answer me; you came off beastly drunk--who gave you the liquor?'
"`a black fellow, sir,' replied short; which was true enough, as themugs were filled by the black carpenter, and handed by him.
"well, they all swore the same, and then the captain got into a rage,and ordered them all to be put down on the report.
the next day thehands were turned up for punishment, and the captain said, `now, mylads, if you won't tell who stole the purser's grog, i will flog you allround.
i only want to flog those who committed the theft, for it is toomuch to expect of seamen that they would refuse a glass of grog whenoffered to them.'
"now, short and the others had a parley together, and they had agreedhow to act.
they knew that the captain could not bear flogging, and wasa very kind-hearted man.
so bill short steps out, and says, touchinghis forelock to the captain, `if you please, sir, if all must be floggedif nobody will peach, i think it better to tell the truth at once.
itwas i who took the liquor.'
"`very well, then,' said the captain; `strip, sir.'
so bill short pullsoff his shirt, and is seized up.
`boatswain's mate,' said the captain,`give him a dozen.'
"`beg your honour's pardon,' said jack holmes, stepping out of the rowof men brought out for punishment; `but i can't bear to see an innocentman punished, and since one must be flogged, it must be the right one.
it warn't bill short that took the liquor; it was i.'
"`why, how's this?'
said the captain; `didn't you own that you took theliquor, mr short?'
"`why, yes, i did say so, 'cause i didn't wish to see _everybody_flogged--but the truth's the truth, and i had no hand in it.'
"`cast him loose--holmes, you'll strip, sir.'
holmes stripped and wastied up.
`give him a dozen,' said the captain; when out steps m'alpine,and swore it was him, and not holmes; and ax'd leave to be flogged inhis stead.
at which the captain bit his lips to prevent laughing, andthen they knew all was right.
so another came forward, and says it washim, and not m'alpine; and another contradicts him again, and so on.
atlast the captain says, `one would think flogging was a very pleasantaffair; you are all so eager to be tied up; but, however, i shan't flog,to please you.
i shall find out who the real culprit is, and thenpunish him severely.
in the meantime, you keep them all on the report,mr p---,' speaking to the first lieutenant.
`depend upon it, i'll notlet you off, although i do not choose to flog innocent men.'
so theypiped down, and the first lieutenant, who knew that the captain nevermeant to take any more notice of it, never made no inquiries, and thething blew over.
one day, a month or two after, i told the officers howit was managed, and they laughed heartily."
we continued our carouse till a late hour, old tom constantly amusing uswith his long yarns; and that night, for the first time, i went to bedintoxicated.
old tom and his son assisted me into my bed-place, old tomobserving, "poor jacob; it will do him good; his heart was heavy, andnow he'll forget it all, for a little time, at all events."
"well but, father, i don't like to see jacob drunk," replied young tom.
"it's not like him--it's not worthy of him; as for you or me, it'snothing at all; but i feel jacob was never meant to be a toper.
i neversaw a lad so altered in a short time, and i expect bad will come of itwhen he leaves us."
i awoke, as might be supposed, after my first debauch, with a violentheadache, but i had also a fever, brought on by my previous anxiety ofmind.
i rose, dressed, and went on deck, where the snow was nearly afoot deep.
it now froze hard, and the river was covered with smallpieces of floating ice.
i rubbed my burning forehead with the snow, andfelt relief.
for some time i assisted tom to heave it overboard, butthe fever pressed upon me, and in less than half-an-hour i could nolonger stand the exertion.
i sat down on the water cask, and pressed myhands to my throbbing temples.
"you are not well, jacob?"
inquired tom, coming up to me with the shovelin his hand, and glowing with health and exercise.
"i am not, indeed, tom," replied i; "feel how hot i am."
tom went to his father, who was in the cabin, padding, with extraflannel, his stumps, to defend them from the cold, which always made himsuffer much, and then led me into the cabin.
it was with muchdifficulty i could walk; my knees trembled, and my eyesight wasdefective.
old tom took my hand as i sank on the locker.
"do you think that it was taking too much last night?"
inquired tom ofhis father.
"there's more here than a gallon of liquor would have brought about,"replied old tom.
"no, no--i see it all.
go to bed again, jacob."
they put me into bed, and i was soon in a state of stupor, in which iremained until the lighter had arrived at the brentford wharf, and formany days afterwards.
on a sick bed--fever, firmness, and folly--"bound 'prentice to awaterman"--i take my first lesson in love, and give my first lesson inlatin--the love lesson makes an impression on my auricular organ--verily, none are so deaf as those who won't hear.
when i recovered my senses, i found myself in bed, and captain turnbullsitting by my side.
i had been removed to his house when the lighterhad arrived at the wharf.
captain turnbull was then talking with mrtomkins, the former head clerk, now in charge.
old tom came on shoreand stated the condition i was in, and mr tomkins having no spare bedin his house, captain turnbull immediately ordered me to be taken to hisresidence, and sent for medical advice.
during the time i had remainedin this state old tom had informed captain turnbull, the dominie, andmr tomkins of the circumstances which had occurred, and how much i hadbeen misrepresented to mr drummond; and not saying a word about theaffair of wimbledon common, or my subsequent intemperance, had given itas his opinion that ill-treatment had produced the fever.
in this, ibelieve, he was nearly correct, although my disease might certainly havebeen aggravated and hastened by those two unmentioned causes.
they allof them took my part, and mr turnbull went to london to state mycondition to mr drummond, and also to remonstrate at his injustice.
circumstances had since occurred which induced mr drummond to lend aready ear to my justification; but the message i had sent was still anobstacle.
this, however, was partly removed by the equivocatingtestimony of the young clerk, when he was interrogated by captainturnbull and mr drummond; and wholly so by the evidence of young andold tom, who, although in the cabin, had overheard the whole of theconversation; and mr drummond desired captain turnbull to inform me, assoon as i recovered, that all was forgotten and forgiven.
it might havebeen on his part, but not on mine; and when captain turnbull told me so,with the view of raising my spirits, i shook my head as i lay on thepillow.
as the reader will have observed, the feeling roused in me bythe ill-usage i had received was a _vindictive_ one--one that must havebeen deeply implanted in my heart, although, till then, it had neverbeen roused into action, and now, once roused, was not to be suppressed.
that it was based on pride was evident, and with it my pride was raisedin proportion.
to the intimation of captain turnbull, i, therefore,gave a decided dissent.
"no, sir, i cannot return to mr drummond: thathe was kind to me, and that i owe much to his kindness, i readily admit;and now that he has acknowledged his error in supposing me capable ofsuch ingratitude, i heartily forgive him; but i cannot, and will not,receive any more favours from him.
i cannot put myself in a situationto be again mortified as i have been.
i feel i should no longer havethe same pleasure in doing my duty as i once had, and i never could liveunder the same roof with those who at present serve him.
tell him allthis, and pray tell little sarah how grateful i feel no her for all herkindness to me, and that i shall always think of her with regret, atbeing obliged to leave her."
and at the remembrance of little sarah iburst into tears, and sobbed on my pillow.
captain turnbull, whether herightly estimated my character, or fell convinced that i had made up mymind, did not renew the subject.
"well, jacob," replied he, "we'll not talk of that any more.
i'll giveyour messages just in your own words.
now, take your draught, and tryto get a little sleep."
i complied with this request, and nothing but weakness now remaining, irapidly regained my strength, and with my strength, my feelings ofresentment increased in proportion.
nothing but the very weak statethat i was in when captain turnbull spoke to me would have softened medown to give the kind message that i did; but my vindictive mind wassubdued by disease, and better feelings predominated.
the only effectthis had was to increase my animosity against the other parties who werethe cause of my ill-treatment, and i vowed that they, at least, shouldone day repent their conduct.
the dominie called upon me the following sunday.
i was dressed andlooking through the window when he arrived.
the frost was now intense,and the river was covered with large masses of ice, and my greatestpleasure was to watch them as they floated down with the tide; "thouhast had a second narrow escape, my jacob," said he, after somepreliminary observations.
"once again did death (_pallida mors_) hoverover thy couch; but thou hast arisen, and thy fair fame is againestablished.
when wilt thou be able to visit mr drummond, and be ableto thank him for his kindness?"
"never, sir," replied i; "i will never again enter mr drummond'shouse."
"nay, jacob, this savoureth of enmity.
are not we all likely to bedeceived--all likely to do wrong?
did not i, even i, in thy presence,backslide into intemperance and folly?
did not i disgrace myself beforemy pupil--and shalt thou, in thy tender years, harbour ill-will againstone who had cherished thee when thou wert destitute, and who wasdeceived with regard to thee by the base and evil-speaking?"
"i am obliged to mr drummond for all his kindness, sir," replied i;"but i never wish to enter his house.
i was turned out of it, and neverwill again go into it."
jacobe_, thou art in error; it is our duty to forgive as wehope to be forgiven."
"i do forgive, sir, if that is what is requested: but i cannot, and willnot, accept of further favours."
the dominie urged in vain, and left me.
mr tomkins also came, andargued the point without success.
i was resolved.
i was determined tobe independent; and i looked to the river as my father, mother, home,and everything.
as soon as my health was reinstated, captain turnbullone day came to me.
"jacob," said he, "the lighter has returned: and iwish to know if you intend to go on board again, and afterwards go intothe vessel into which mr drummond proposes to send you."
"i will go into no vessel through mr drummond's means or interest,"replied i.
"what will you do then?"
"i can always enter on board a man-of-war," replied i, "if the worstcomes to the worst; but if i can serve out my apprenticeship on theriver, i should prefer it."
"i rather expected this answer, jacob, from what you have said to mealready; and i have been trying if i cannot help you to something whichmay suit you.
you don't mind being obliged to me?"
"o, no; but promise you will never doubt me--never accuse me."
my voicefaltered, and i could say no more.
"no, my lad, that i will not; i know you, as i think, pretty well; andthe heart that feels a false accusation as yours does is sure to guardagainst committing what you are so angry at being accused of.
now,jacob, listen to me.
you know old deaf stapleton, whose wherry we haveso often pulled up and down the river?
i have spoken to him to take youas his help, and he has consented.
will you like to go?
he has servedhis time, and has a right to take a 'prentice."
"yes," replied i, "with pleasure; and with more pleasure, from expectingto see you often."
"o, i promise you all my custom, jacob," replied he, laughing.
"we'lloften turn old stapleton out, and have a row together.
is it agreed?"
"it is," replied i; "and many thanks to you."
"well, then, consider it settled.
stapleton has a very good room, andall that's requisite on shore, at fulham.
i have seen his place, and ithink you will be comfortable."
i did not know at the time how much captain turnbull had been myfriend--that he had made stapleton take better lodgings, and had made upthe difference to him, besides allowing him a trifle per week, andpromising him a gratuity occasionally, if i were content with mysituation.
in a few days i had removed all my clothes to stapleton's,had taken my leave of mr turnbull, and was established as an apprenticeto a waterman on the thames.
the lighter was still at the wharf when ileft, and my parting with old tom and his son was equally and sincerelyfelt on both sides.
"jacob," said old tom, "i likes your pride after all, 'cause why, ithink you have some right to be proud; and the man who only asks fairplay, and no favour always will rise in this world.
but look you,jacob, there's sometimes a current 'gainst a man that no one can makehead against; and if so be that should be your case for a time,recollect the old house, the old woman, and old tom, and there you'llalways find a hearty welcome, and a hearty old couple who'll share withyou what they have, be it good, bad, or indifferent.
here's luck toyou, my boy; and recollect, i means to go to the expense of painting thesides of my craft blue, and then you'll always know her as she creeps upand down the river."
"and jacob," said young tom;--"i may be a wild one, but i'm a true one;if ever you want me in fair weather and in foul--good or bad--for fun orfor mischief--for a help, or for a friend in need, through thick orthin, i'm yours, even to the gallows; and here's my hand upon it."
"just like you, tom," observed his father; "but i know what you mean,and all's right."
i shook hands with them both, and we parted.
thus did i remove from the lighter, and at once take up the professionof a waterman; i walked down to the fulham side, where i found stapletonat the door of the public-house, standing with two or three others,smoking his pipe.
"well, lad, so you're chained to my wherry for two orthree years; and i'm to initiate you into all the rules and regulationsof the company.
now, i'll tell you one thing, which is, d'ye see, whenthe river's covered with ice, as it is just now, haul your wherry uphigh and dry, and smoke your pipe till the river is clear, as i do now."
"i might have guessed that," replied i, bawling in his ear, "without youtelling me."
"very true; but don't bawl in my ear quite so loud, i hears none thebetter for it; my ears require coaxing, that's all."
"why, i thought you were as deaf as a post."
"yes, so i be with strangers, 'cause i don't know the pitch of theirvoice; but with those about me i hear better when they speak quietly--that's human nature.
come, let's go home, my pipe is finished, and asthere's nothing to be done on the river, we may just as well make alltidy there."
stapleton had lost his wife; but he had a daughter, fifteen years old,who kept his lodgings, and _did for him_, as he termed it.
he lived inpart of some buildings leased by a boat-builder; his windows looked outon the river; and, on the first floor, a bay-window was thrown out, sothat at high water the river ran under it.
as for the rooms, consistingof five, i can only say that they could not be spoken of as large andsmall, but as small and smaller.
the sitting-room was eight feetsquare, the two bed-rooms at the back, for himself and his daughter,just held a small bed each, and the kitchen and my room below were tomatch; neither were the tenements in the very best repair, the parlourespecially, hanging over the river, being lop-sided, and giving you theuncomfortable idea that it would every minute fall into the streambelow.
still, the builder declared that it would last many yearswithout sinking further, and that was sufficient.
at all events, theywere very respectable accommodations for a waterman, and stapleton paidfor them 10 pounds per annum.
stapleton's daughter was certainly a verywell-favoured girl.
she had rather a large mouth; but her teeth werevery fine, and beautifully white.
her hair was auburn--her complexionvery fair, her eyes were large, and of a deep blue, and from her figure,which was very good, i should have supposed her to have been eighteen,although she was not past fifteen, as i found out afterwards.
there wasa frankness and honesty of countenance about her, and an intellectualsmile, which was very agreeable.
"well, mary, how do you get on?"
said stapleton, as we ascended to thesitting-room.
"here's young faithful come to take up with us."
"well, father, his bed's all ready; and i have taken so much dirt fromthe room that i expect we shall be indicted for filling up the river.
iwonder what nasty people lived in this house before us."
"very nice rooms, nevertheless; ain't they, boy?"
"o yes, very nice for idle people; you may amuse yourself looking out onthe river, or watching what floats past, or fishing with a pin at highwater," replied mary, looking at me.
"i like the river," replied i, gravely; "i was born on it, and hope toget my bread on it."
"and i like this sitting-room," rejoined stapleton; "how mightycomfortable it will be to sit at the open window, and smoke in thesummer time, with one's jacket off!"
"at all events you'll have no excuse for dirtying the room, father; andas for the lad, i suppose his smoking days have not come yet."
"no," replied i; "but my days for taking off my jacket are, i suspect."
"o yes," replied she, "never fear that; father will let you do all thework you please, and look on--won't you, father?"
"don't let your tongue run quite so fast, mary; you're not over fond ofwork yourself."
"no; there's only one thing i dislike more," replied she, "and that'sholding my tongue."
"well, i shall leave you and jacob to make it out together; i am goingback to the feathers."
and old stapleton walked down stairs, and wentback to the inn, saying, as he went out, that he should be back to hisdinner.
mary continued her employment of wiping the furniture of the room with aduster for some minutes, during which i did not speak, but watched thefloating ice on the river.
"well," said mary, "do you always talk asyou do now?
if so, you'll be a very nice companion.
mr turnbull whocame to my father, told me that you was a sharp fellow, could read,write, and do everything, and that i should like you very much; but ifyou mean to keep it all to yourself, you might as well not have had it."
"i am ready to talk when i have anything to talk about," replied i.
"that's not enough.
i'm ready to talk about nothing, and you must dothe same."
"very well," replied i.
"how old are you?"
"how old am i!
o, then you consider me nothing.
i'll try hard but youshall alter your opinion, my fine fellow.
however, to answer yourquestion, i believe i'm about fifteen."
well, there's an old proverb, which i will not repeat."
"i know it, so you may save yourself the trouble, you saucy boy; butnow, for your age?"
let me see; well, i believe that i am nearly seventeen."
"are you really so old?
well, now, i should have thought you no morethan fourteen."
this answer at first surprised me, as i was very stout and tall for myage; but a moment's reflection told me that it was given to annoy me.
alad is as much vexed at being supposed younger than he really is as aman of a certain age is annoyed at being taken for so much older.
replied i; "that shows how little you know about men."
"i wasn't talking about men, that i know of; but still, i do knowsomething about them.
i've had two sweethearts already."
and what have you done with them?"
"done with them!
i jilted the first for the second, because the secondwas better looking; and when mr turnbull told me so much about you, ijilted the second to make room for you: but now i mean to try if i can'tget him back again."
"with all my heart," replied i laughing.
"i shall prove but a sorrysweetheart, for i have never made love in my life."
"have you ever had anybody to make love to?"
"that's the reason, mr jacob, depend upon it.
all you have to do is toswear that i'm the prettiest girl in the world, that you like me betterthan anybody else in the world; do anything in the world that i wish youto do--spend all the money you have in the world in buying me ribbonsand fairings, and then--""and then, what?"
"why, then, i shall hear all you have to say, take all you have to give,and laugh at you in the bargain."
"but i shouldn't stand that long."
"o, yes, you would.
i'd put you out of humour, and coax you in again;the fact is, jacob faithful, i made my mind up, before i saw you, thatyou should be my sweetheart, and when i will have a thing, i will, soyou may as well submit to it at once.
if you don't, as i keep the keyof the cupboard, i'll half starve you; that's the way to tame any brute,they say.
and i tell you why, jacob, i mean that you shall be mysweetheart; it's because mr turnbull told me that you knew latin; now,tell me, what is latin?"
"latin is a language which people spoke in former times, but now they donot."
"well, then, you shall make love to me in latin, that's agreed."
"and how do you mean to answer me?"
"o, in plain english, to be sure."
"but how are you to understand me?"
replied i, much amused with theconversation.
"o, if you make love properly, i shall soon understand you; i shall readthe english of it in your eyes."
"very well, i have no objection; when am i to begin?"
"why, directly, you stupid fellow, to be sure.
what a question!"
i went close up to mary, and repeated a few words of latin.
"now," saysi, "look into my eyes, and see if you can translate them."
"something impudent, i'm sure," replied she, fixing her blue eyes onmine.
"not at all," replied i, "i only asked for this," and i snatched a kiss,in return for which i received a box on the ear, which made it tinglefor five minutes.
"nay," replied i, "that's not fair; i did as youdesired--i made love in latin."
"and i answered you, as i said i would, in plain english," replied mary,reddening up to the forehead, but directly after bursting out into aloud laugh.
"now, mr jacob, i plainly see that you know nothing aboutmaking love.
bless me, a year's dangling, and a year's pocket-moneyshould not have given you what you have had the impudence to take in somany minutes.
but it was my own fault, that's certain, and i have noone to thank but myself.
i hope i didn't hurt you--i'm very sorry if idid; but no more making love in latin.
i've had quite enough of that."
"well, then, suppose we make friends," replied i, holding out my hand.
"that's what i really wished to do, although i've been talking so muchnonsense," replied mary.
"i know we shall like one another, and be verygood friends.
you can't help feeling kind towards a girl you've kissed;and i shall try by kindness to make up to you for the box on the ear; sonow, sit down, and let's have a long talk.
mr turnbull told us that hewished you to serve out your apprenticeship on the river with my father,so that, if you agree, we shall be a long while together.
i take mrturnbull's word, not that i can find it out yet, that you are a verygood-tempered, good-looking, clever, modest lad; and as an apprenticewho remains with my father must live with us, of course i had rather itshould be one of that sort than some ugly, awkward brute who--""is not fit to make love to you," replied i.
"who is not fit company for me," replied mary.
"i want no more lovefrom you at present.
the fact is that father spends all the time he canspare from the wherry at the ale-house, smoking; and it's very dull forme, and having nothing to do, i look out of the window, and make facesat the young men as they pass by, just to amuse myself.
now, there wasno great harm in that a year or two ago; but now, you know, jacob--""well now, what then?"
"o, i'm bigger, that's all?
and what might be called sauciness in a girlmay be thought something more of in a young woman.
so i've been obligedto leave it off; but being obliged to remain home, with nobody to talkto, i never was so glad as when i heard that you were to come; so yousee, jacob, we must be friends.
i daren't quarrel with you long,although i shall sometimes, just for variety, and to have the pleasureof making it up again.
do you hear me--or what are you thinking of?"
"i'm thinking that you're a very odd girl."
"i dare say that i am, but how can i help that?
mother died when i wasfive years old, and father couldn't afford to put me out, so he used tolock me in all day till he came home from the river; and it was not tilli was seven years old, and of some use, that the door was left open.
inever shall forget the day when he told me that in future he shouldtrust me, and leave the door open.
i thought i was quite a woman, andhave thought so ever since.
i recollect that i often peeped out, andlonged to run about the world; but i went two or three yards from thedoor, and felt so frightened, that i ran back as fast as i could.
sincethat i have seldom quitted the house for an hour, and never have beenout of fulham."
"then you have never been at school?"
i often wish that i had.
i used to see the little girlscoming home, as they passed our door, so merrily, with their bags fromthe school-house; and i'm sure, if it were only to have the pleasure ofgoing there and back again for the sake of the run, i'd have workedhard, if for nothing else."
"would you like to learn to read and write?"
"will you teach me?"
replied mary, taking me by the arm, and looking meearnestly in the face.
"yes, i will, with pleasure," replied i, laughing.
"we will pass theevening better than making love, after all, especially if you hit sohard.
how came you so knowing in those matters?"
"i don't know," replied mary, smiling; "i suppose, as father says, it'shuman nature, for i never learnt anything; but you will teach me to readand write?"
"i will teach you all i know myself, mary, if you wish to learn.
everything but latin--we've had enough of that."
i shall be so much obliged to you.
i shall love you so!"
"there you are again."
"no, no, i didn't mean that," replied mary, earnestly.
"i meant that--after all, i don't know what else to say.
i mean that i shall love youfor your kindness, without your loving me again, that's it."
"i understand you; but now, mary, as we are to be such good friends, itis necessary that your father and i should be good friends; so i mustask you what sort of a person he is, for i know but little of him, and,of course, wish to oblige him."
"well then, to prove to you that i'm sincere, i will tell you something;my father, in the first place, is a very good tempered sort of man.
heworks pretty well, but might gain more, but he likes to smoke at thepublic-house.
all he requires of me is his dinner ready, his linenclean, and the house tidy.
he never drinks too much, and is alwayscivil spoken; but he leaves me too much alone, and talks too much abouthuman nature, that's all."
"but he's so deaf--he can't talk to you."
"give me your hand--now promise--for i'm going to do a very foolishthing, which is to trust a man--promise you'll never tell it again."
"well, i promise," replied i, supposing her secret of no consequence.
"well, then--mind--you've promised.
father is no more deaf than you ori."
replied i; "why, he goes by the name of deaf stapleton?"
"i know he does, and makes everybody believe that he is so; but it is tomake money."
"how can he make money by that?"
"there's many people in business who go down the river, and they wish totalk of their affairs without being overheard as they go down.
theyalways call for deaf stapleton: and there's many a gentleman and lady,who have much to say to each other, without wishing people to listen--you understand me?"
"o yes, i understand--latin!"
"exactly--and they call for deaf stapleton; and by this means he getsmore good fares than any other waterman, and does less work."
"but how will he manage now that i am with him?"
"o, i suppose it will depend upon his customers; if a single personwants to go down, you will take the sculls; if they call for oars, youwill both go; if he considers deaf stapleton only is wanted, you willremain on shore; or, perhaps, he will insist upon your being deaf too."
"but i do not like deceit."
"no, it's not right; although it appears to me that there is a greatdeal of it.
still i should like you to sham deaf, and then tell me allthat people say.
it would be so funny.
father never will tell a word."
"so far, your father, to a certain degree, excuses himself."
"well, i think he will soon tell you what i have now told you, but tillthen you must keep your promise; and now you must do as you please, as imust go down in the kitchen, and get dinner on the fire."
"i have nothing to do," replied i; "can i help you?"
"to be sure you can, and talk to me, which is better still.
come downand wash the potatoes for me, and then i'll find you some more work.
well, i do think we shall be very happy."
i followed mary stapleton down into the kitchen, and we were soon verybusy, and very noisy, laughing, talking, blowing the fire, and preparingthe dinner.
by the time that her father came home we were swornfriends.
is very didactic, and treats learnedly on the various senses, and "humannature;" is also diffuse on the best training to produce a moralphilosopher--indeed, it contains materials with which to build up onesystem, and half-a-dozen theories, as these things are now made.
i was rather curious, after the secret confided to me by mary stapleton,to see how her father would behave; but when we had sat and talked sometime, as he appeared to have no difficulty in answering to anyobservation in a common pitch of the voice, i observed to him that hewas not so deaf as i thought he was.
"no, no," replied he; "in the house i hear very well, but in the openair i can't hear at all, if a person speaks to me two yards off.
alwaysspeak to me close to my ear in the open air, but not loud, and then ishall hear you very well."
i caught a bright glance from mary's blueeye, and made no answer.
"this frost will hold, i'm afraid," continuedstapleton, "and we shall have nothing to do for some days but to blowour fingers and spend our earnings; but there's never much doing at thistime of the year.
the winter cuts us watermen up terribly.
as for me,i smokes my pipe and thinks on human natur'; but what you are to dojacob, i can't tell."
"oh, he will teach me to read and write," replied mary.
"i don't know that he shall," replied stapleton.
"what's the use ofreading and writing to you?
we've too many senses already, in myopinion, and if so be we have learning to boot, why then all the worsefor us."
"how many senses are there, father?"
i'm sure i can't tell, but more than enough to puzzle us."
"there are only five, i believe," said i; "first, there's _hearing_."
"well," replied stapleton "hearing may be useful at times; but nothearing at times is much more convenient.
i make twice as much moneysince i lost the better part of my hearing."
"well, then, there's seeing," continued i.
"seeing is useful at times, i acknowledge; but i knows this, that if aman could pull a young couple about the river, and not be able to seenow and then, it would be many a half-crown in his pocket."
"well, then, now we come to _tasting_."
"no use at all--only a vexation.
if there was no tasting we should notcare whether we ate brown bread or roast beef, drank water or xx ale;and in these hard times that would be no small saving."
"well, then, let me see, there's _smelling_."
"smelling's no use whatever.
for one good smell by the river's sidethere be ten nasty ones; and there is everywhere, to my conviction."
"which is the next, jacob?"
said mary, smiling archly.
that's the worst of the whole.
always feel too cold inwinter, too hot in summer--feel a blow too; feeling only gives pain;that's a very bad sense."
"well, then, i suppose you think we should get on better without oursenses."
"no, not without all of them.
a little hearing and a little seeing beall very well; but there are other senses which you have forgot, jacob.
now, one i takes to be the very best of the bunch is _smoking_."
"i never heard that was a sense," replied i, laughing.
"then you haven't half finished your education, jacob."
"are reading and writing _senses_, father?"
"to be sure they be, girl; for without sense you can't read and write;and _rowing_ be a sense just as well; and there be many other senses;but, in my opinion, most of the senses be nonsense, and only lead tomischief."
"jacob," said mary, whispering to my ear, "isn't _loving_ a sense?"
"no, that's nonsense," replied i.
"well, then," replied she, "i agree with my father that nonsense isbetter than sense; but still i don't see why i should not learn to readand write, father."
"i've lived all my life without it, and never felt the want of it--whycan't you?"
"because i do feel the want of it."
"so you may, but they leads no no good.
look at those fellows at thefeathers; all were happy enough before jim holder, who is a scholar,came among them, and now since he reads to them they do nothing butgrumble, and growl, and talk about i don't know what--corn laws, andtaxes, and liberty, and all other nonsense.
now, what could you do morethan you do now, if you larnt to read and write?"
"i could amuse myself when i've nothing to do, father, when you andjacob are away.
i often sit down, after i've done all my work, andthink what i shall do next, and at last i look out of the window andmake faces at people, because i've nothing better to do.
now, father,you must let him learn me to read and write."
"well, mary, if you will, you will; but recollect, don't blame me forit--it must be all on your own head, and not on my conscience.
i'velived some forty or fifty years in this world, and all my bad luck hasbeen owing to having too much senses, and all my good luck to gettingrid of them."
"i wish you would tell me how that came to pass," said i; "i should liketo hear it very much, and it will be a lesson to mary."
"well, i don't care if i do, jacob, only i must light my pipe first;and, mary, do you go for a pot o' beer."
"let jacob go, father.
i mean him to run on all my errands now."
"you mustn't order jacob, mary."
"no, no--i wouldn't think of ordering him, but i know he will do it--won't you, jacob?"
"yes, with pleasure," replied i.
"well, with all my heart, provided it be all for love," said stapleton.
"of course, all for love," replied mary, looking at me, "or latin--which, jacob?"
said her father.
that's a new sense jacob has been showing me something of, which,like many others, proved to be nonsense."
i went for the beer, and when i returned found the fire burningbrightly, and a strong _sense_ of smoking from old stapleton's pipe.
hepuffed once or twice more, and then commenced his history as follows:"i can't exactly say when i were born, nor where," said old stapleton,taking his pipe out of his mouth, "because i never axed either father ormother, and they never told me, because why, i never did ax, and that beall agreeable to human natur'."
here stapleton paused, and took threewhiffs of his pipe.
"i recollects when i was a little brat about twofoot nothing, mother used to whack me all day long, and i used to cry inproportion.
father used to cry shame, and then mother would fly at him;he would whack she; she would up with her apron in one corner and cry,while i did the same with my pinbefore in another; all that was nothingbut human natur'."
[a pause, and six or seven whiffs of the pipe.]
"i was sent to school at a penny a week, to keep me out of the way, andout of mischief.
i larnt nothing but to sit still on the form and holdmy tongue, and so i used to amuse myself twiddling my thumbs, andlooking at the flies as they buzzed about the room in the summer time;and in the winter, cause there was no flies of no sort, i used to watchthe old missus a-knitting of stockings, and think how soon the timewould come when i should go home and have my supper, which, in a childwas nothing but human natur'."
[puff, puff, puff.]
"father and motherlived in a cellar; mother sold coals and 'tatoes, and father used to goout to work in the barges on the river.
as soon as i was old enough,the schoolmissus sent word that i ought to learn to read and write, andthat she must be paid threepence a week; so father took me away fromschool, because he thought i had had education enough; and motherperched me on a basket upside down, and made me watch that nobody tookthe goods while she was busy down below; and then i used to sit all daylong watching the coals and 'tatoes, and never hardly speaking tonobody; so having nothing better to do, i used to think about this, andthat, and everything, and when dinner would be ready, and when i mightget off the basket; for you see _thinking_ be another of the senses, andwhen one has nothing to do, and nothing to say, to think be nothing morethan human natur'."
[puff, puff, and a pause for a drink out of thepot.]
"at last, i grew a big stout boy, and mother said that i ate toomuch, and must earn my livelihood somehow or other, and father for onceagreed with her; but there was a little difficulty how that was to bedone; so until that was got over i did nothing at all but watch thecoals and 'tatoes as before.
one day mother wouldn't give me witualsenough, so i helped myself; so she whacked me, so i, being strong,whacked she; so father, coming home, whacked me, so i takes to my heelsand runs away a good mile before i thought at all about how i was tolive; and there i was, very sore, very unhappy, and very hungry."
[puff, puff, puff, and a spit.]
"i walks on, and on, and then i getsbehind a coach, and then the fellow whips me, and i gets down again in agreat hurry, and tumbles into the road, and before i could get up again,a gemman, in a gig drives right over me, and breaks my leg.
i screamswith pain, which if i hadn't had the sense of _feeling_, of course ishouldn't have minded.
he pulls up and gets out, and tells me he's verysorry.
i tells him so am i.  his servant calls some people, and theytakes me into a public-house, and lays me on the table all among thepots of beer, sends for a doctor, who puts me into bed, and puts my legright again; and then i was provided for, for at least six weeks, duringwhich the gemman calls and axes how i feel myself; and i says, `prettywell, i thanky.'"
[puff, puff--knock the ashes out, pipe refilled,relighted, a drink of beer, and go on.]
"so when i was well, and on mypins again, the gentleman says, `what can i do for you?'
and thelandlord cuts him short by saying that he wanted a pot-boy, if i likedthe profession.
now, if i didn't like the pots i did the porter, whichi had no share of at home, so i agrees.
the gemman pays the score,gives me half a guinea, and tells me not to be lying in the middle ofthe road another time.
i tells him i won't, so he jumps into his gig,and i never cast eyes upon him since.
i stayed three years with mymaster, taking out beer to his customers, and always taking a little outof each pot for myself, for that's nothing but human natur' when youlikes a thing; but i never got into trouble until one day i sees mymissus a-kissing in the back parlour with a fellow who travels fororders.
i never said nothing at first; but at last i sees too much, andthen i tells master, who gets into a rage, and goes into his wife, stayswith her half-an-hour, and then comes out and kicks me out of the door,calling me a liar, and telling me never to show my face again.
i shiesa pot at his head, and showed him anything but my face, for i took to myheels, and ran for it as fast as i could.
so much for seeing; if ihadn't seen, that wouldn't have happened.
so there i was adrift, andgood-bye to porter."
[puff, puff; "mary, where's my 'baccy stopper?"
poke down, puff, puff, spit, and proceed.]
"well, i walks towardslunnen, thinking on husbands and wives, porter and human natur', until ifinds myself there, and then i looks at all the lighted lamps, andrecollects that i haven't no lodging for the night, and then all of asudden i thinks of my father and mother, and wonders how they be goingon.
so i thought i'd go and see, and away i went, comes to the cellar,and goes down.
there was my mother with a quartern of gin before her,walking to and fro, and whimpering to herself; so says i, `mother,what's the matter now?'
at which she jumps up and hugs me, and tells mei'm her only comfort left.
i looked at the quartern and thinksotherwise; so down i sits by her side, and then she pours me out aglass, and pours out all her grief, telling me how my father had lefther for another woman, who kept another cellar in another street, andhow she was very unhappy, and how she had taken to gin--which wasnothing but human natur', you see, and how she meant to make away withherself; and then she sent for more quarterns, and we finished them.
what with the joy of finding me, and the grief at losing my father, andthe quarterns of gin, she went to bed crying drunk and fell fast asleep.
so did i, and thought home was home after all.
next morning i takes upthe business, and finds trade not so bad after all; so i takes thecommand of all, keeps all the money, and keeps mother in order; anddon't allow drinking nor disorderly conduct in the house; but goes tothe public-house every night for a pipe and a pot.
"well, everything goes on very well for a month, when who should comehome but father, which i didn't approve of, because i liked beingmaster.
so i, being a strong chap, then says, `if you be come toill-treat my mother, i'll put you in the kennel, father.
be off to yournew woman.
ar'n't you ashamed of yourself?'
says i.  so father looks mein the face, and tells me to stand out of the way, or he'll make cat'smeat of me; and then he goes to my mother, and after a quarter of anhour of sobbing on her part, and coaxing on his, they kiss and makefriends; and then they both turns to me, and orders me to leave thecellar, and never to show my face again.
i refuses: father flies at me,and mother helps him; and between the two i was hustled out to find mybread how and where i could.
i've never taken a woman's part since."
[puff, puff, puff, and a deep sigh.]
"i walks down to the water-side,and having one or two shillings in my pocket, goes into a public-houseto get a drop of drink and a bed.
and when i comes in, i sees a manhand a note for change to the landlady, and she gives him change.
`thatwon't do,' says he, and he was half tipsy: `i gave you a ten-pound note,and this here lad be witness.'
`it was only a _one_,' says the woman.
`you're a damned old cheat,' says he, `and if you don't give me thechange, i'll set your house on fire, and burn you alive.'
with thatthere was a great row, and he goes out for the constable and gives herin charge, and gives me in charge as a witness, and then she gives himin charge, and so we all went to the watchhouse together, and slept onthe benches.
the next morning we all appeared before the magistrate,and the man tells his story and calls me as a witness; but recollectinghow much i had suffered from _seeing_, i wouldn't see anything thistime.
it might have been a ten-pound note, for it certainly didn't looklike a one; but my evidence went rather for than against the woman, fori only proved the man to be drunk; and she was let off, and i walkedhome with her.
so says she, `you're a fine boy, and i'll do you a goodturn for what you have done for me.
my husband is a waterman, and i'llmake you free of the river; for he hasn't no 'prentice, and you can comeon shore and stay at the public-house when you ar'n't wanted.'
i jumpedat the offer, and so, by not _seeing_, i gets into a regular livelihood.
well, jacob, how do you like it?"
"very much," replied i.
"and you, mary?"
i like it very much; but i want father to go on, and to know how hefell in love, and married my mother."
"well, you shall have it all by-and-by; but now i must take a spell."
a very sensible chapter, having reference to the senses--stapleton, bykeeping his under control, keeps his head above water in his wherry--forced to fight for his wife, and when he had won her, to fight on tokeep her--no great prize, yet it made him a prize-fighter.
old stapleton finished his pipe, took another swig at the porter,filled, relighted, puffed to try it, cleared his mouth, and thenproceeded:--"now, you see, bartley, her husband, was the greatest rogue on theriver; he was up to everything, and stood at nothing.
he fleeced asmuch on the water as she did on the land; for i often seed her givewrong change afterwards when people were tipsy, but i made it a rulealways to walk away.
as for bartley, his was always night-work, andmany's the coil of rope i have brought on shore, what, although he mighthave paid for, he didn't buy it of the lawful owner, but i never _seed_or _heard_, that was my maxim; and i fared well till i served my time,and then they gave me their old wherry, and built a new one forthemselves.
so i set up on my own account, and then i seed, and heard,and had all my senses, just as they were before--more's the pity, for nogood came of it."
[puff, puff, puff, puff.]
"the bartleys wanted me tojoin them, but that wouldn't do; for though i never meddled with otherpeople's concerns, yet i didn't choose to go wrong myself.
i've seedall the world cheating each other for fifty years or more, but that's noconcern of mine; i can't make the world better; so all i thinks about itis to keep honest myself: and if every one was to look after his ownsoul, and not trouble themselves about their neighbours, why, then, itwould be all the better for human natur'.
i plied at the swan stairs,gained my livelihood, and spent it as i got it; for i was then too youngto look out a'ter a rainy day.
"one night a young woman in a cloak comes down to the stairs with abundle in her arms, and seems in a very great taking, and asks me for aboat.
i hauls out of the row alongside of the yard, and hands her in.
she trips as she steps in, and i catches to save her from falling, andin catching her i puts my hand upon the bundle in her arms, and feelsthe warm face of a baby.
`where am i to go, ma'am?'
pullacross, and land me on the other side,' says she; and then i hears hersobbing to herself, as if her heart would break.
when we were in themiddle o' the stream, she lifts up her head, and then first she looks atthe bundle and kisses it, and then she looks up at the stars which wereglittering above in the sky.
she kisses the child once more, jumps up,and afore i could be aware of what she was about, she tosses me herpurse, throws her child into the water, and leaps in herself.
i pullssharp round immediately, and seeing her again, i made one or two goodstrokes, comes alongside of her, and gets hold of her clothes.
a'termuch ado i gets her into the wherry, and as soon as i seed she was cometo again, i pulls her back to the stairs where she had taken me from.
as soon as i lands i hears a noise and talking, and several peoplestanding about; it seems it were her relatives, who had missed her, andwere axing whether she had taken a boat; and while they were describingher, and the other watermen were telling them how i had taken a fare ofthat description, i brings her back.
well, they takes charge of her,and leads her home; and then for the first time i thinks of the purse atthe bottom of the boat, which i picks up, and sure enough there werefour golden guineas in it, beside some silver.
well, the men who pliedat the stairs axed me all about it; but i keeps my counsel, and onlytells them how the poor girl threw herself into the water, and how ipulled her out again; and in a week i had almost forgot all about it,when up comes an officer, and says to me, `you be stapleton thewaterman?'
and i says, `yes, i be.'
`then you must come along with me;'and he takes me to the police-office, where i finds the poor young womanin custody for being accused of having murdered her infant.
so theybegins to tax me upon my bible oath, and i was forced to tell the wholestory; for though you may loose all your senses when convenient, yetsomehow or another, an oath on the bible brings them all back again.
`did you see the child?'
said the magistrate.
`i seed a bundle,' saidi.
`did you hear the child cry?'
`no,' says i, `i didn't;'and then i thought i had got the young woman off; but the magistrate wasan old fox, and had all the senses at his fingers' ends.
so says he,`when the young woman stepped into the boat did she give you thebundle?'
`no,' says i again.
`then you never touched it?'
`yes, idid, when her foot slipped.'
`and what did it feel like?'
`it feltlike a piece of human natur'.'
says i, `and quite warm like.'
`how doyou mean?'
`why, i took it by the feel for a baby.'
`and itwas quite warm, was it?'
`yes,' replied i, `it was.'
`well then, whatelse took place?'
`why, when we were in the middle of the stream sheand her child went overboard; i pulled her in again, but could not seethe child.'
fortunately for the poor girl, they didn't ask me whichwent overboard first, and that saved her from hanging.
she was confinedsix months in prison, and then let out again; but you see, if it hadn'tbeen for my unfortunately feeling the child, and feeling it was warm,which proved its being alive, the poor young woman would have got offaltogether, perhaps.
so much for the sense of feeling, which i say isof no use to nobody, but only a vexation."
[puff--the pipe out,relighted--puff, puff.]
"but, father," said mary, "did you ever hear the history of the poorgirl?"
"yes, i heard as how it was a hard case, how she had been seduced bysome fellow who had left her and her baby, upon which she determined todrown herself, poor thing; and her baby too.
had she only tried todrown her baby i should have said it was quite unnatural; but as shewished to drown herself at the same time, i considers that drowning thebaby to take it to heaven with her was quite natural, and all agreeableto human natur'.
love's a sense which young women should keep down asmuch as possible, mary; no good comes of that sense."
"and yet, father, it appears to me to be human nature," replied mary.
"so it is, but there's mischief in it, girl, so do you never haveanything to do with it."
"was there mischief when you fell in love with my mother and marriedher?"
"you shall hear, mary," replied old stapleton, who recommenced.
"it was 'bout two months after the poor girl threw herself into theriver that i first seed your mother.
she was then mayhap two yearsolder than you may be, and much such a same sort of person in her looks.
there was a young man who plied from our stairs, named ben jones; heand i were great friends, and used for to help each other, and when afare called for oars, used to ply together.
one night he says to me,`will, come up, and i'll show you a devilish fine piece of stuff.'
so iwalks with him, and he takes me to a shop where they dealed in marinestores, and we goes and finds your mother in the back parlour.
bensends for pipes and beer, and we sat down and made ourselvescomfortable.
now, mary, your mother was a very jilting kind of girl,who would put one fellow off to take another, just as her whim and fancytook her."
[i looked at mary, who cast down her eyes.]
"now these womendo a mint of mischief among men, and it seldom ends well; and i'd soonersee you in your coffin to-morrow, mary, than think you should be one ofthis flaunting sort.
ben jones was quite in for it, and wanted for tomarry her, and she had turned off a fine young chap for him, and he usedto come there every night, and it was supposed that they would bespliced in the course of a month; but when i goes there she cuts himalmost altogether, and takes to me, making such eyes at me, and drinkingbeer out of my pot, and refusing his'n, till poor jones was quite madand beside himself.
well, it wasn't in human natur' to stand thoselarge blue eyes (just like yours, mary), darting fire at a poor fellow;and when jones got up in a surly humour, and said it was time to goaway, instead of walking home arm in arm, we went side by side, like twobig dogs with their tails as stiff up as a crowbar, and ready for afight; neither he nor i saying a word, and we parted without sayinggood-night.
well, i dreamed of your mother all that night, and the nextday went to see her, and felt worser and worser each time, and shesnubbed jones, and at last told him to go about his business.
this was'bout a month after i had first seen her; and then one day jones, whowas a prize-fighter, says to me, `be you a man?'
and slaps me on theear.
so, i knowing what he'd been a'ter, pulls off my duds, and we setsto.
we fights for ten minutes or so, and then i hits him a round blowon the ear, and he falls down on the _hard_, and couldn't come to time.
no wonder, poor fellow!
for he had gone to eternity."
[here oldstapleton paused for half a minute, and passed his hand across hiseyes.]
"i was tried for manslaughter; but it being proved that he cameup and struck me first, i was acquitted, after lying two months in gaol,for i couldn't get no bail; but it was because i had been two months ingaol that i was let off.
at first, when i came out, i determined neverto see your mother again; but she came to me, and wound round me, and iloved her so much that i couldn't shake her off.
as soon as she foundthat i was fairly hooked, she began to play with others; but i wouldn'tstand that, and every fellow that came near her was certain to have aturn out with me, and so i became a great fighter; and she, seeing thati was the best man, and that no one else would come to her, one finemorning agreed to marry me.
well, we were spliced, and the very firstnight i thought i saw poor ben jones standing by my bedside, and, for aweek or so, i was not comfortable; but, howsomever, it wore off, i pliedat the stairs, and gained my money.
but my pipe's out, and i'm dry withtalking.
suppose i take a spell for a few minutes."
stapleton relighted his pipe, and for nearly half-an-hour smoked insilence.
what mary's thoughts were i cannot positively assert; but iimagined that, like myself, she was thinking about her mother's conductand her own.
i certainly was making the comparison, and we neither ofus spoke a word.
"well," continued stapleton, at last, "i married your mother, mary, andi only hope that any man who may take a fancy to you, will not have somuch trouble with his wife as i had.
i thought that a'ter she weresettled she would give up all her nonsense, and behave herself--but isuppose it was in her natur' and she couldn't help it.
she made eyesand gave encouragement to the men, until they became saucy and i becamejealous, and i had to fight one, and then the other, until i became anoted pugilist.
i will say that your mother seemed always very happywhen i beat my man, which latterly i always did; but still she liked tobe _fit_ for, and i had hardly time to earn my bread.
at last, some onebacked me against another man in the ring for fifty pound aside, and iwas to have half if i won.
i was very short of blunt at the time, and iagreed; so, a'ter a little training the battle was fought, and i woneasy: and the knowing ones liked my way of hitting so much that theymade up another match with a better man, for two hundred pounds; and alord and other great people came to me, and i was introduced to them atthe public-house, and all was settled.
so i became a regularprize-fighter, all through your mother, mary.
nay, don't cry, child, idon't mean to say that your mother, with all her love of being stared atand talked to, would have gone wrong; but still it was almost as bad inmy opinion.
well, i was put into training, and after five weeks we metat mousley hurst, and a hard fight it was--but i've got the whole of itsomewhere, mary; look in the drawer there, and you'll see a newspaper."
mary brought out the newspaper, which was rolled up and tied with a bitof string, and stapleton handed it over to me, telling me to read italoud.
i did so, but i shall not enter into the details.
"yes, that's all right enough," said stapleton, who had taken advantageof my reading to smoke furiously, to make up for lost time; "but no goodcame of it, for one of the gemmen took a fancy to your mother, mary, andtried to win her away from me.
i found him attempting to kiss her, andshe refusing him--but laughing, and, as i thought, more thanhalf-willing; so i floored him, and put him out of the house, and afterthat i never would have anything more to say with lords and gemmen, norwith fighting either.
i built a new wherry, and stuck to the river, andi shifted my lodgings that i mightn't mix any more with those who knewme as a boxer.
your mother was then brought to bed with you, and ihoped for a good deal of happiness, as i thought she would only think ofher husband and child; and so she did until you were weaned, and thenshe went on just as afore.
there was a captain of a vessel lying in theriver, who used now and then to stop and talk with her; but i thoughtlittle about that, seeing how every one talked with her and she witheverybody; and besides, she knew the captain's wife, who was a verypretty woman, and used very often to ask mary to go and see her, which ipermitted.
but one morning, when i was going off to the boat--for hehad come down to me to take him to his vessel--just as i was walkingaway with the sculls over my shoulder, i recollects my 'baccy box, whichi had left, and i goes back and hears him say before i came into thedoor--`recollect, i shall be here again by two o'clock, and then youpromised to come on board my ship, and see--.'
i didn't hear the rest,but she laughed and said yes, she would.
i didn't show myself, butwalked away and went to the boat.
he followed me, and i rowed him upthe river and took my fare--and then i determined to watch them, for ifelt mighty jealous.
so i lays off on my oars in the middle of thestream, and sure enough i see the captain and your mother get into asmall skiff belonging to his ship, and pull away; the captain had oneoar and one of his men another.
i pulled a'ter them as fast as i could,and at last they seed me; and not wishing me to find her out, she beggedthem to pull away as fast as they could, for she knew how savage i wouldbe.
still i gained upon them, every now and then looking round andvowing vengeance in my heart, when all of a sudden i heard a scream, andperceived their boat to capsize, and all hands in the water.
they hadnot seen a warp of a vessel getting into the row, and had run over it,and, as it tautened, they capsized.
your mother went down like a stone,mary, and was not found for three days a'terward; and when i seed hersink i fell down in a fit."
here old stapleton stopped, laid down hispipe, and rested his face in his hands.
mary burst into tears.
after afew minutes he resumed: "when i came to, i found myself on board of theship in the captain's cabin, with the captain and his wife watching overme--and then i came to understand that it was she who had sent for yourmother, and that she was living on board, and that your mother had atfirst refused, because she knew that i did not like her to be on theriver, but wishing to see a ship had consented.
so it was not so bada'ter all, only that a woman shouldn't act without her husband--but yousee, mary, all this would not have happened if it hadn't been that ioverheard part of what was said; and you might now have had a mother,and i a wife to comfort us, if it had not been for my unfortunate_hearing_--so, as i said before, there's more harm than good that comesfrom these senses--at least so it has proved to me.
and now you haveheard my story, and how your mother died, mary; so take care you don'tfall into the same fault, and be too fond of being looked at, which itdoes somehow or another appear to me you have a bit of a hankeringa'ter--but like mother, like child, they say, and that's _humannatur'_."
when stapleton had concluded his narrative, he smoked his pipe insilence.
mary sat at the table, with her hands pressed to her temples,apparently in deep thought; and i felt anything but communicative.
inhalf-an-hour the pot of beer was finished, and stapleton rose.
"come, mary, don't be thinking so much; let's all go to bed.
show jacobhis room, and then come up."
"jacob can find his own room, father," replied mary, "without my showinghim; he knows the kitchen, and there is but one other below."
i took my candle, wished them good night, and went to my bed, which,although very homely, was at all events comfortable.
the warmth of my gratitude proved by a very cold test--the road tofortune may sometimes lead over a bridge of ice--mine lay under it--amorvincet everything but my obstinacy, which young tom and the old dominiein the sequel will prove to their cost.
for many days the frost continued, until at last the river was frozenover, and all communication by it was stopped.
stapleton's money ranshort, our fare became very indifferent, and mary declared that we mustall go begging with the market gardeners if it lasted much longer.
"i must go and call upon mr turnbull, and ax him to help us," saidstapleton, one day, pulling his last shilling out and laying it on thetable.
"i'm cleaned out; but he's a good gentleman, and will lend me atrifle."
in the afternoon stapleton returned, and i saw by his looksthat he had been successful.
"jacob," said he, "mr turnbull desiresthat you will breakfast with him to-morrow morning, as he wishes to seeyou."
i set off accordingly at daylight the next morning, and was in good timefor breakfast.
mr turnbull was as kind as ever, and began telling melong stories about the ice in the northern regions.
"by-the-by, i hear there is an ox to be roasted whole, jacob, a littleabove london bridge; suppose we go and see the fun."
i consented, and we took the brentford coach, and were put down at thecorner of queen street, from thence we walked to the river.
the scenewas very amusing and exciting.
booths were erected on the ice, in everydirection, with flags flying, people walking, and some skating, althoughthe ice was too rough for that pastime.
the whole river was crowdedwith people, who now walked in security over where they, a month before,would have met with death.
here and there smoke ascended from variousfires, on which sausages and other eatables were cooking; but the greatattraction was the ox roasting whole, close to the centre pier of thebridge.
although the ice appeared to have fallen at the spot where somany hundreds were assembled, yet as it was now four or five feet thick,there was no danger.
here and there, indeed, were what were calledrotten places, where the ice was not sound; but these were intimated byplacards, warning people not to approach too near; and close to themwere ropes and poles for succour, if required.
we amused ourselves forsome time with the gaiety of the scene, for the sun shone out brightly,and the sky was clear.
the wind was fresh from the northward, andpiercing cold in the shade, the thermometer being then, it was said,twenty-eight degrees below the freezing point.
we had been on the iceabout three hours, amusing ourselves, when mr turnbull proposed ourgoing home, and we walked up the river towards blackfriars bridge, wherewe proposed to land, and take the coach at charing cross.
"i wonder how the tide is now," observed mr turnbull to me; "it wouldbe rather puzzling to find out."
"not if i can find a hole," replied i, looking for one.
"stop, here isone."
i threw in a piece of ice, and found that it was strong ebb.
wecontinued our walk over the ice, which was now very rough, when mrturnbull's hat fell off, and the wind catching it, it blew away,skimming across the ice at a rapid rate.
mr turnbull and i gave chase,but could scarcely keep up with it, and, at all events, could notovertake it.
many people on the river laughed as we passed, and watchedus in our chase.
mr turnbull was the foremost, and, heedless in thepursuit, did not observe a large surface of rotten ice before him;neither did i, until all at once i heard it break and saw mr turnbullfall in and disappear.
many people were close to us, and a rope waslaid across the spot to designate the danger.
i did not hesitate--iloved mr turnbull, and my love and my feelings of resentment wereequally potent.
i seized the bight of the rope, twisted it round myarm, and plunged in after, recollecting it was ebb tide: fortunate formr turnbull it was that he had accidentally put the question.
i sankunder the ice, and pushed down the stream, and in a few seconds feltmyself grappled by him i sought, and at almost the same time, the ropehauling in from above.
as soon as they found there was resistance, theyknew that i, at least, was attached to it, and they hauled in quicker,not, however, until i had lost my recollection.
still i clung to therope with the force of a drowning man, and mr turnbull did the same tome, and we shortly made our appearance at the hole in which we had beenplunged.
a ladder was thrown across, and two of the men of the humanesociety came to our assistance, pulled us out, and laid us upon it.
they then drew back and hauled us on the ladder to a more securesituation.
we were both still senseless; but having been taken to apublic-house on the river-side, were put to bed, and medical advicehaving been procured, were soon restored.
the next morning we were ableto return in a chaise to brentford, where our absence had created thegreatest alarm.
mr turnbull spoke but little the whole time; but heoften pressed my hand, and when i requested him to drop me at fulham,that i might let stapleton and his daughter know that i was safe, heconsented, saying, "god bless you, my fine boy; i will see you soon."
when i went up the stairs of stapleton's lodgings, i found mary byherself; she started up as soon as she saw me.
"where _have_ you been?"
said she, half crying, half smiling.
"under the ice," i replied, "and only thawed again this morning."
"are you in earnest, jacob?"
said she; "now don't plague and frightenme, i've been too frightened already; i never slept a wink last night;"i then told her the circumstances which had occurred.
"i was suresomething had happened," she replied.
"i told my father so, but hewouldn't believe it.
you promised to be at home to give me my lesson,and i know you never break your word; but my father smoked away, andsaid, that when boys are amused, they forget their promises, and that itwas nothing but human natur'.
oh, jacob, i'm so glad you're back again,and after what has happened, i don't mind your kissing me for once."
and mary held her face towards me, and returned my kiss.
"there, that must last you a long while, recollect," said she, laughing;"you must not think of another until you're under the ice again."
"then i trust it will be the last," replied i, laughing.
"you are not in love with me, jacob, that's clear, or you would not havemade that answer," replied mary.
i had seen a great deal of mary, and though she certainly was a greatflirt, yet she had many excellent and amiable qualities.
for the firstweek after her father had given us the history of his life, his remarksupon her mother appeared to have made a decided impression upon her, andher conduct was much more staid and demure; but as the remembrance woreoff, so did her conduct become coquettish and flirting as before; still,it was impossible not to be fond of her, and even with all her capricethere was such a fund of real good feeling and amiableness, which, whencalled forth, was certain to appear, that i often thought how dangerousand captivating a girl she would be when she grew up.
i had againproduced the books, which i had thrown aside with disgust, to teach herto read and write.
her improvement was rapid, and would have been stillmore so if she had not been just as busy in trying to make me fond ofher as she was in surmounting the difficulties of her lessons.
but shewas very young; and although, as her father declared, it was her_natur'_ to run after the men, there was every reason to hope that ayear or two would render her less volatile, and add to those sterlinggood qualities which she really possessed.
in heart and feeling she wasa modest girl, although the buoyancy of her spirits often carried herbeyond the bounds prescribed by decorum, and often called forth a blushupon her own animated countenance, when her good sense, or the remarksof others, reminded her of her having committed herself.
it wasimpossible to know mary and not like her, although, at a casual meeting,a rigid person might go away with an impression by no means favourable.
as for myself, i must say, that the more i was in her company the more iwas attached to her, and the more i respected her.
old stapleton came home in the evening.
he had, as usual, been smoking,and thinking of human natur', at the feathers public-house.
i told himwhat had happened, and upon the strength of it he sent for an extra potof beer for mary and me, which he insisted upon our drinking betweenus--a greater proof of good-will on his part could not have been given.
although captain turnbull appeared to have recovered from the effects ofthe accident, yet it seemed that such was not the case, as the morningafter his arrival he was taken ill with shivering and pains in hisloins, which ended in ague and fever, and he did not quit his bed forthree or four weeks.
i, on the contrary, felt no ill effects; but theconstitution of a youth is better able to meet such violent shocks thanthat of a man of sixty years old, already sapped by exposure andfatigue.
as the frost still continued, i complied with captainturnbull's request to come up and stay with him, and for many days,until he was able to leave his bed, i was his constant nurse.
thegeneral theme of his conversation was on my future prospects, and a wishthat i would embark in some pursuit or profession more likely to raiseme in the world; but on this head i was positive, and also anotherpoint, which was, that i would in future put myself under an obligationto no one.
i could not erase from my memory the injuries i hadreceived, and my vindictive spirit continually brooded over them.
i wasresolved to be independent and free.
i felt that in the company i wasin i was with my equals, or, if there were any superiority, it was on mypart, arising from education, and i never would submit to be again inthe society of those above me, in which i was admitted as a favour, andby the major part looked down upon, and at the same time liable, as ihad once been, to be turned out with contumely on the first moment ofcaprice.
still, i was very fond of captain turnbull.
he had alwaysbeen kind to me, spoke to me on terms of equality, and had behaved withconsistency, and my feelings towards him since the accident hadconsequently strengthened; but we always feel an increased regardtowards those to whom we have been of service, and my pride was softenedby the reflection that, whatever might be mr turnbull's good-willtowards me, he never could, even if i would permit it, repay me for thelife which i had preserved.
towards him i felt unbounded regard;towards those who had ill-treated me, unlimited hatred; towards theworld in general a mixture of feeling which i could hardly analyse; and,as far as regarded myself, a love of liberty and independence, whichnothing would ever have induced me to compromise.
as i did not wish tohurt captain turnbull's feelings by a direct refusal to all his proffersof service, and remarks upon the advantages which might arise, igenerally made an evasive answer; but when, on the day proposed for mydeparture, he at once came to the point, offering me everything, andobserving that he was childless, and, therefore, my acceptance of hisoffer would be injurious to nobody; when he took me by the hand, anddrawing me near to him, passed his arm round me, and spoke to me in thekind accents of a father, almost entreating me to consent--the tears ofgratitude coursed each other rapidly down my cheeks, but my resolutionwas no less firm--although it was with a faltering, voice that ireplied, "you have been very kind to me, sir--very kind--and i shallnever forget it; and i hope i shall deserve it--but--mr drummond, andmrs drummond, and sarah, were also kind to me--very kind to me--youknow the rest.
i will remain as i am, if you please; and if you wish todo me a kindness; if you wish me to love you, as i really do, let me beas i am--free and independent.
i beg it of you as the greatest favourthat you can possibly confer on me--the only favour which i can accept,or shall be truly thankful for."
captain turnbull was some minutes before he could reply.
he thensaid--"i see it is useless, and i will not tease you any more; but,jacob, do not let the fire of injustice which you have received fromyour fellow-creatures prey so much upon your mind, or induce you to formthe mistaken idea that the world is bad.
as you live on, you will findmuch good; and recollect, that those who injured you, from themisrepresentation of others, have been willing, and have offered, torepair their fault.
they can do no more, and i wish you could get overthis vindictive feeling.
recollect, we must forgive, as we hope to beforgiven."
"i do sometimes," said i, "for sarah's sake--i can't always."
"but you ought to forgive, for other reasons, jacob."
"i know i ought--but if i cannot, i cannot."
"nay, my boy, i never heard you talk so--i was going to say--wickedly.
do you not perceive that you are now in error?
you will not abandon afeeling which your own good sense and religion tell you to be wrong--youcling to it--and yet you will admit of no excuse for the errors ofothers."
"i feel what you say--and the truth of it, sir," replied i "but i cannotcombat the feeling.
i will, therefore, admit every excuse you pleasefor the faults of others; but at the same time, i am surely not to beblamed if i refuse to put myself in a situation where i am again liableto meet with mortification.
surely i am not to be censured, if i preferto work for my bread after my own fashion, and prefer the river to dryland?"
"no, that i acknowledge; but what i dislike in the choice is, that it isdictated by feelings of resentment."
"_what's done can't be helped_," replied i, quickly, wishing to breakoff the conversation.
"very true, jacob; but i follow that up with another of your remarks,which is, `better luck next time.'
god bless you, my boy; take care ofyourself, and don't get under the ice again!"
"for you i would to-morrow," replied i, taking the proffered hand: "butif i could only see that hodgson near a hole--""you'd not push him in?"
"indeed i would," replied i, bitterly.
"jacob, you would not, i tell you--you think so now, but if you saw himin distress you would assist him as you did me.
i know you, my boy,better than you know yourself."
whether captain turnbull or i were right remains to be proved in thesequel.
we then shook hands, and i hastened away to see mary, whom ihad often thought of during my absence.
"who do you think has been here?"
said mary, after our first greeting.
"i cannot guess," replied i.
"not old tom and his son?"
"no; i don't think it was old tom, but it was such an old quiz--withsuch a nose--o heavens!
i thought i should have died with laughing assoon as he went downstairs.
do you know, jacob, that i made love tohim, just to see how he'd take it.
you know who it is now?"
you mean the dominie, my schoolmaster."
"yes, he told me so; and i talked so much about you, and about yourteaching me to read and write, and how fond i was of learning, and how ishould like to be married to an elderly man who was a great scholar, whowould teach me latin and greek, that the old gentleman became quitechatty, and sat for two hours talking to me.
he desired me to say thathe should call here to-morrow afternoon, and i begged him to stay theevening, as you are to have two more of your friends here.
now, who doyou think are those?"
"i have no others, except old tom beazeley and his son."
"well, it is your old tom after all, and a nice old fellow he is,although i would not like him for a husband; but as for his son--he's alad after my own heart--i'm quite in love with him."
"your love will do you no harm, mary; but, recollect, what may be a joketo you may not be so to other people.
as for the dominie meeting oldbeazeley and his son, i don't exactly know how that will suit, for idoubt if he will like to see them."
upon a promise never to hint at them, i briefly stated the circumstancesattending the worthy man's voyage on board of the lighter.
mary paused,and then said, "jacob, did we not read the last time that the mostdangerous rocks to men were _wine_ and _women_?"
"yes, we did, if i recollect right."
"humph," said she; "the old gentleman has given plenty of lessons in histime, and it appears that he has received _one_."
"we may do so to the last day of our existence, mary."
"well, he is a very clever, learned man, i've no doubt, and looks downupon all of us (not you, jacob) as silly people.
i'll try if _i_ can'tgive him a lesson."
"you, mary, what can you teach him?"
"never mind, we shall see;" and mary turned the discourse on her father.
"you know, i suppose, that father is gone up to mr turnbull's."
"no, i did not."
"yes, he has; he was desired to go there this morning, and hasn't beenback since.
jacob, i hope you won't be so foolish again, for i don'twant to lose my master."
"oh, never fear; i shall teach you all you want to know before i die," ireplied.
"don't be too sure of that," replied mary; "how do you know how much imay wish to have of your company?"
"well, if i walk off in a hurry, i'll make you over to young tombeazeley.
you're half in love with him already, you know," replied i,laughing.
"well, he is a nice fellow," replied she; "he laughs more than you do,jacob."
"he has suffered less," replied i, gloomily, calling to mind what hadoccurred; "but, mary, he is a fine young man, and a good-hearted, cleverfellow to boot; and when you do know him, you will like him very much."
as i said this, i heard her father coming up stairs; he came in highgood-humour with his interview with captain turnbull, called for hispipe and pot, and was excessively fluent upon "_human natur'_."
"the feast of reason and the flow of soul"--stapleton, on human nature,proves the former; the dominie, in his melting mood, the latter--sall'sshoe particularly noted, and the true "reading made easy" of a mind atease, by old tom.
the afternoon of the next day i heard a well-known voice, which carolledforth, as mary huddled up her books, and put them out of the way; for atthat time i was, as usual, giving her a lesson:--  "and many strange sights i've seen,  and long i've been a rover,  and everywhere i've been,  but now the wars are over.
i've been across the line,  where the sun will burn your nose off;  and i've been in northern climes,  where the frost would bite your toes off.
fal de ral, fal de ral, fal de ral de liddy."
"heave a-head, tom, and let me stump up at my leisure.
it's likewarping 'gainst wind and tide with me--and i gets up about as fast aslawyers go to heaven."
i thought when tom came up first that he had been at unusual trouble insetting off his person, and certainly a better-looking, frank, open,merry countenance was seldom to be seen.
in person he was about an inchtaller than i, athletic, and well formed.
he made up to mary, who,perceiving his impatience, and either to check him before me, or elsefrom her usual feeling of coquetry, received him rather distantly, andwent up to old tom, with whom she shook hands warmly.
what's in the wind now, jacob?
why, we parted the best friendsin the world," said tom, looking at mary.
"sheer off yourself, tom," replied i, laughing; "and you'll see thatshe'll come to again."
so the wind's in that quarter, is it?"
"with allmy heart--i can show false colours as well as she can.
but i say,jacob, before i begin my manoeuvres, tell me if you wish me to hoist theneutral flag--for i won't interfere with you."
"here's my hand upon it, tom, that the coast is clear as far as i'mconcerned; but take care--she's a clipper, and not unlikely to slipthrough your fingers, even when you have her under your lee, withinhail."
"let me alone, jacob, for that."
"and more, tom, when you're in possession of her, she will require agood man at the helm."
"then she's just the craft after my fancy.
i hate your steady,slow-sailing craft, that will steer themselves, almost; give me one thatrequires to be managed by a man and a seaman."
"if well manned, she will do anything, depend upon it, tom, for she's assound below as possible; and although she is down to her bearings on thepuff of the moment, yet she'd not careen further."
"well, then, jacob, all's right; and now you've told me what tack she'son, see if i don't shape a course to cut her off."
"well, jacob, my good boy, so you've been under the water again; ithought you had enough of it when fleming gave you such a twist; but,however, this time you went to sarve a friend, which was all right.
mysarvice to you mr stapleton," continued old tom, as stapleton made hisappearance.
"i was talking to jacob about his last dive."
"nothing but human natur'," replied stapleton.
"well, now," replied old tom, "i consider that going plump into theriver, when covered with ice, to be quite contrary to human natur'."
"but not to save a friend, father?"
"no--because, that be jacob's nature; so you see one nature conqueredthe other, and that's the whole long and short of it."
"well, now, suppose we sit down and make ourselves comfortable,"observed stapleton; "but here be somebody else coming up--who can itbe?"
"i say, old codger, considering you be as deaf as a post, you hearspretty well," said old tom.
"yes, i hear very well in the house, provided people don't speak loud."
"well, that's a queer sort of deafness; i think we are all troubled withthe same complaint," cried tom, laughing.
during this remark, the dominie made his appearance.
"_salve domine_,"said i upon his entering, taking my worthy pedagogue by the hand.
"_et tu quoque, fili mi, jacobe_!
but whom have we here?
the deaf man,the maiden, and--ehu!--the old man called old tom, and likewise theyoung tom;" and the dominie looked very grave.
"nay, sir," said young tom, going up to the dominie; "i know you areangry with us, because we both drank too much when we were last in yourcompany; but we promise--don't we father?--not to do so again."
this judicious reply of young tom's put the dominie more at his ease;what he most feared was raillery and exposure on their parts.
"very true, old gentleman; tom and i did bowse our jibs up a little tootaut when we last met--but what then?--there was the grog, and there wasnothing to do."
"all human natur'," observed stapleton.
"come, sir, you have not said one word to me," said mary, going up tothe dominie.
"now you must sit down by me, and take care of me, and seethat they all behave themselves and keep sober."
the dominie cast a look at mary, which was intended for her alone, butwhich was not unperceived by young tom or me.
"we shall have some fun,jacob," said he, aside, as we all sat down to the table, which justadmitted six, with close stowage.
the dominie on one side of mary, tomon the other, stapleton next to tom, then i and old tom, who closed inon the other side of the dominie, putting one of his timber toes on theold gentleman's corns, which induced him to lift up his leg in a hurry,and draw his chair still closer to mary, to avoid a repetition of theaccident; while old tom was axing pardon, and stapleton demonstratingthat, on the part of old tom, not to _feel_ with a wooden leg, and onthe part of the dominie, to _feel_ with a bad corn, was all nothing but"_human natur'_."
at last we were all seated, and mary, who hadprovided for the evening, produced two or three pots of beer, a bottleof spirits, pipes, and tobacco.
"liberty hall--i smokes," said stapleton, lighting his pipe, and fallingback on his chair.
"i'll put a bit of clay in my mouth too," followed up old tom; "it makesone thirsty, and enjoy one's liquor."
"well, i malts," said tom, reaching a pot of porter, and taking a longpull.
"what do you do, jacob?"
"i shall wait a little, tom."
"and what do you do, sir?"
said mary to the dominie.
the dominie shookhis head.
"nay but you must--or i shall think you do not like mycompany.
come, let me fill a pipe for you."
mary filled a pipe, andhanded it to the dominie, who hesitated, looked at her, and wasovercome.
he lighted it, and smoked furiously.
"the ice is breaking up--we shall have a change of weather--the moonquarters to-morrow," observed old tom, puffing between everyobservation; "and then honest men may earn their bread again.
bad timesfor you, old codger, heh!"
continued he, addressing stapleton.
stapleton nodded an assent through the smoke, which was first perceivedby old tom.
"well, he ar'nt deaf, a'ter all; i thought he was onlyshamming a bit.
i say, jacob, this is the weather to blow your fingers,and make your eyes bright."
"rather to blow a cloud and make your eyes water," replied tom, takingup the pot: "i'm just as thirsty with swallowing smoke, as if i had apipe myself--at all events, i pipe my eye.
jacob," continued tom, to meapart, "do look how the old gentleman is _funking_ mary, and castingsheeps' eyes at her through the smoke."
"he appears as if he were inclined to board her in the smoke," repliedi.
"yes, and she to make no fight of it, but surrender immediately," saidtom.
"don't you believe it, tom; i know her better; she wants to laugh athim--nothing more; she winked her eye at me just now, but i would notlaugh, as i did not choose that the old gentleman should be trifledwith.
i will tax her severely to-morrow."
during all this time old tom and stapleton smoked in silence: thedominie made use of his eyes in dumb parlance to mary, who answered himwith her own bright glances, and tom and i began to find it rather dull;when at last old tom's pipe was exhausted, and he laid it down; "there,i'll smoke no more--the worst of a pipe is that one can't smoke and talkat the same time.
mary, my girl, take your eyes off the dominie's nose,and hand me that bottle of stuff.
what, glass to mix it in; that's moregenteel than we are on board, tom."
tom filled a rummer of grog, tookhalf off at a huge sip, and put it down on the table.
"will you do aswe do, sir?"
said he, addressing the dominie.
"nay, friend dux, nay--pr'ythee persuade me not--avaunt!"
and thedominie, with an appearance of horror, turned away from the bottlehanded towards him by old tom.
"not drink anything?"
said mary to the dominie, looking at him withsurprise, "but indeed you must, or i shall think you despise us, and donot think us fit to be in your company."
"nay, maiden, entreat me not.
ask anything of me but this," replied thedominie.
"ask anything but this--that's just the way people have of refusing,"replied mary; "were i to ask anything else, it would be the sameanswer--`ask anything but this.'
now, if you will not drink to pleaseme, i shall quarrel with you.
you shall drink a glass, and i'll mix itfor you."
the dominie shook his head.
mary made a glass of grog, andthen put it to her lips.
"now, if you refuse to drink it, after i havetasted it, i'll never speak to you again."
so saying, she handed theglass to the dominie.
"verily, maiden, i must needs refuse, for i did make a mental vow."
"what vow was that?
was it sworn on the bible?"
"nay, not on the sacred book, but in my thoughts most solemnly."
i make those vows every day, and never keep one of them; so thatwon't do.
now, observe, i give you one more chance.
i shall drink alittle more, and if you do not immediately put your lips to the samepart of the tumbler, i'll never drink to you again;" mary put thetumbler again to her lips, drank a little, with her eyes fixed upon thedominie, who watched her with distended nostrils and muscular agitationof countenance.
with her sweetest smile, she handed him the tumbler;the dominie half held out his hand, withdrew it, put it down again, andby degrees took the tumbler.
mary conquered, and i watched the maliceof her look as the liquor trickled down the dominie's throat.
tom and iexchanged glances.
the dominie put down the tumbler, and then, lookinground, like a guilty person, coloured up to the eyes; but mary, whoperceived that her victory was but half achieved, put her hand upon hisshoulder, and asked him to let her taste the grog again.
i also, tomake him feel more at ease, helped myself to a glass.
tom did the same,and old tom with more regard to the feelings of the dominie than in hisown bluntness of character i would have given him credit for, said in aquiet tone, "the old gentleman is afraid of grog, because he seed metake a drop too much, but that's no reason why grog ar'n't a good thing,and wholesome in moderation.
a glass or two is very well, and betterstill when sweetened by the lips of a pretty girl; and, even if thedominie does not like it, he's too much of a gentleman not to give uphis dislikes to please a lady.
more's the merit; for, if he did likeit, it would be no sacrifice, that's sartain.
don't you think so, myold boozer?"
continued he, addressing stapleton, who smoked in silence.
"human natur'," replied stapleton, taking the pipe out of his mouth, andspitting under the table.
"very true, master; and so here's to your health, mr dominie, and mayyou never want a pretty girl to talk to, or a glass of grog to drink herhealth with."
"oh, but the dominie don't care about pretty girls, father," repliedtom; "he's too learned and clever; he thinks about nothing but the moon,and latin and greek, and all that."
"who can say what's under the skin, tom?
there's no knowing what is,and what isn't--sall's shoe for that."
"never heard of sall's shoe, father; that's new to me."
"didn't i ever tell you that, tom?--well, then, you shall have it now--that is, if all the company be agreeable."
"oh, yes," cried mary; "pray tell us."
"would you like to hear it, sir?"
"i never heard of sall sue in my life, and would fain hear her history,"replied the dominie; "proceed, friend dux."
"well, then, you must know when i was a-board of the terp-sy-chore,there was a fore-topman, of the name of bill harness, a good sort ofchap enough, but rather soft in the upper-works.
now, we'd been on thejamaica station for some years, and had come home, and merry enough, andhappy enough we were (those that were left of us), and we were spendingour money like the devil.
bill harness had a wife, who was very fond ofhe, and he was very fond of she, but she was a slatternly sort of abody, never tidy in her rigging, all adrift at all times, and what'smore, she never had a shoe up at heel, so she went by the name ofslatternly sall, and the first lieutenant, who was a 'ticular sort of achap, never liked to see her on deck, for you see she put her hair inpaper on new year's day, and never changed it or took it out till theyear came round again.
however, be it as it may be, she loved bill, andbill loved she, and they were very happy together.
a'ter all, it ain'twhether a woman's tidy without that makes a man's happiness; it dependsupon whether she be right within; that is, if she be good-tempered, andobliging, and civil, and 'commodating, and so forth.
a'ter the firstday or two, person's nothing--eyes get palled, like the cap-stern whenthe anchor's up to the bows; but what a man likes is, not to bedisturbed by vagaries, or gusts of temper.
well, bill was happy--butone day he was devilish unhappy, because sall had lost one of her shoes,which wasn't to be wondered at, considering as how she was alwaysslipshod.
`who has seen my wife's shoe?'
`hang your wife'sshoe,' said one, `it warn't worth casting an eye upon;' still he criedout, `who has seen my wife's shoe?'
`i seed it,' says another.
`i seed it down at heel,' says the fellow.
butbill still hallooed out about his wife's shoe, which it appeared she haddropped off her foot as she was going up the forecastle ladder to takethe air a bit, just as it was dark.
at last bill made so much fussabout it that the ship's company laughed, and all called out to eachother, `who has seen sall's shoe?--have you got sall's shoe?'
and theypassed the word fore and aft the whole evening, till they went to theirhammocks.
notwithstanding, as sall's shoe was not forthcoming, the nextmorning bill goes on the quarter-deck, and complains to the firstlieutenant, as how he had lost sall's shoe.
`damn sall's shoe,' saidhe, `haven't i enough to look after without your wife's confoundedshoes, which can't be worth twopence?'
well, bill argues that his wifehad only one shoe left, and that won't keep two feet dry, and begs thefirst lieutenant to order a search for it; but the first lieutenantturns away, and tells him to go to the devil, and all the men grin atbill's making such a fuss about nothing.
so bill at last goes up to thefirst lieutenant, and whispers something, and the first lieutenant boomshim off with his speaking trumpet, as if he were making too free, inwhispering to his commanding officer, and then sends for themaster-at-arms.
`collier,' says he, `this man has lost his wife's shoe:let a search be made for it immediately--take all the ship's boys, andlook everywhere for it; if you find it bring it up to me.'
so away goesthe master-at-arms with his cane, and collects all the boys to look forsall's shoe--and they go peeping about the maindeck, under the guns, andunder the hen-coops, and in the sheep-pen, and everywhere; now and thengetting a smart slap with the cane behind, upon the taut part of theirtrowsers, to make them look sharp, until they all wished sall's shoe atold nick, and her too, and bill in the bargain.
at last one of the boyspicks it out of the manger, where it had lain all the night, poked upand down by the noses of the pigs, who didn't think it eatable, althoughit might have smelt human-like; the fact was, it was the same boy whohad picked up sall's shoe when she dropped it, and had shied it forward.
it sartainly did not seem to be worth all the trouble, but howsomeverit was taken aft by the master-at-arms, and laid on the capstern head.
then bill steps out and takes the shoe before the first lieutenant, andcuts it open, and from between the lining pulls out four ten poundnotes, which sall had sewn up there by way of security; and the firstlieutenant tells bill he was a great fool to trust his money in the shoeof a woman who always went slipshod, and tells him to go about hisbusiness, and stow his money away in a safer place next time.
a'ter, ifany thing was better than it looked to be, the ship's company usedalways to say it was like _sall's shoe_.
there you have it all."
"well," says stapleton, taking the pipe out of his mouth, "i know afact, much of a muchness with that, which happened to me when i wasbelow the river, tending a ship at sheerness--for at one time, d'ye see,i used to ply there.
she was an old fifty-gun ship, called the adamant,if i recollect right.
one day the first lieutenant, who, like yourn,was a mighty particular sort of chap, was going round the maindeck, andhe sees an old pair of canvas trowsers stowed in under the trunnion ofone of the guns.
so says he, `whose be these?'
now, no man wouldanswer, because they knowed very well that it would be as good as afortnight in the black list.
with that, the first lieutenant bundlesthem out of the port, and away they floats astern with the tide.
it wasabout half-an-hour after that, that i comes off with the milk for thewardroom mess, and a man named will heaviside says to me, `stapleton,'says he, `the first lieutenant has thrown my canvas trowsers overboard,and be damned to him; now i must have them back.'
`but where be they?'
says i: `i suppose down at the bottom by this time, and the flat-fishdubbing their noses into them.'
`no, no,' says he, `they wo'n't neversink, but float till eternity; they be gone down with the tide, and theywill come back again; only you keep a sharp look-out for them, and i'llgive you five shillings if you bring them.'
well, i seed little chanceof ever seeing them again, or of my seeing five shillings, but as it sohappened next tide, the very 'denticle pair of trowsers comes up staringme in the face.
i pulls them in, and takes them to will heaviside, whoappears to be mightily pleased, and gives me the money.
`i wouldn'thave lost them for ten, no, not fur twenty pounds,' says he.
`at allevents you've paid me more than they are worth,' says i.
sayshe; `stop a bit;' and he outs with his knife, and rips open thewaistband, and pulls out a piece of linen, and out of the piece of linenhe pulls out a _child's caul_.
`there,' says he, `now you knows why thetrowsers wouldn't sink, and i'll leave you to judge whether they ar'n'tworth five shillings.'
that's my story."
"well, i can't understand how it is, that a caul should keep people up,"observed old tom.
"at all events, a _call_ makes people come up fast enough on board aman-of-war, father."
"that's true enough, but i'm talking of a child's caul, not of aboatswain's, tom."
"i'll just tell you how it is," replied stapleton, who had recommencedsmoking; "it's _human natur'_."
"what is your opinion, sir?"
said mary to the dominie.
"maiden," replied the dominie, taking his pipe out of his mouth, "iopine that it's a vulgar error.
sir thomas brown, i think it is, haththe same idea; many and strange were the superstitions which have beenhanded down by our less enlightened ancestors--all of which mists havebeen cleared away by the powerful rays of truth."
"well, but, master, if a vulgar error saves a man from davy jones'slocker, ar'n't it just as well to sew it up in the waistband of yourtrowsers?"
"granted, good dux; if it would save a man; but how is it possible?
itis contrary to the first elements of science."
"what matter does that make, provided it holds a man up?"
"friend dux, thou art obtuse."
"well, perhaps i am, as i don't know what that is."
"but, father, don't you recollect," interrupted tom, "what the parsonsaid last sunday, that faith saved men?
now, master dominie, may it notbe faith that a man has in the _caul_ which may save him?"
"young tom, thou art astute."
"well, perhaps i am, as father said, for i don't know what that is.
youknock us all down with your dictionary."
"well i do love to hear people make use of such hard words," said mary,looking at the dominie.
"how very clever you must be, sir!
i wonderwhether i shall ever understand them?"
"nay, if thou wilt, i will initiate--sweet maiden, wilt steal an hour orso to impregnate thy mind with the seeds of learning, which, in so faira soil, must needs bring forth good fruit!"
"that's a fine word, that _impregnate_--will you give us the english ofit, sir?"
said young tom to the dominie.
"it is english, tom, only the old gentleman _razeed_ it a little.
thethird ship in the lee line of the channel fleet was a eighty, called the_impregnable_, but the old gentleman knows more about books than seamatters."
"a marvellous misconception," quoth the dominie.
"there's another," cried tom, laughing; "that must be a three-decker.
come, father, here's the bottle, you must take another glass to washthat down."
"pray what was the meaning of that last long word, sir," said mary,taking the dominie by the arm, "mis--something."
"the word," replied the dominie, "is a compound from conception,borrowed from the latin tongue implying conceiving; and the _mis_prefixed, which negatives or reverses the meaning; misconception,therefore, implies not to conceive.
i can make you acquainted with manyothers of a similar tendency as _mis_-conception; videlicet, _mis_-apprehension, _mis_-understanding, _mis_-contriving _mis_-applying,_mis_--""dear me, what a many _misses_," cried mary, "and do you know them all?"
"indeed do i," replied the dominie, "and many, many more are treasuredin my memory, _quod nunc describere tongum est_."
"i'd no idea that the old gentleman was given to running after the girlsin that way," said old tom to stapleton.
"human natur'," replied the other.
"no more did i," continued mary; "i shall have nothing to say to him;"and she drew off her chair a few inches from that of the dominie.
"maiden," quoth the dominie, "thou art under a mistake."
"another miss, i declare," cried tom, laughing.
"what an old turk!"
continued mary, getting further off.
"nay, then, i will not reply," said the dominie indignantly, puttingdown his pipe, leaning back on his chair, and pulling out his great redhandkerchief, which he applied to his nose, and produced a sound thatmade the windows of the little parlour vibrate for some seconds.
"i say, master tom, don't you make too free with your betters," said oldtom, when he saw the dominie affronted.
"nay," replied the dominie, "there's an old adage which saith, `as theold cock crows, so doth the young.'
wherefore didst thou set him theexample?"
"very true, old gentleman, and i axes your pardon, and here's my handupon it."
"and so do i, sir, and here's my hand upon it," said young tom,extending his hand on the dominie's other side.
"friend dux, and thou, young tom, i do willingly accept thy profferedreconciliation; knowing, as i well do, that there may be much mischiefin thy composition, but naught of malice."
the dominie extended hishands, and shook both those offered to him warmly.
"there," said old tom, "now my mind's at ease, as old pigtown said."
"i know not the author whom thou quotest from, good dux."
"author!--i never said he was an author; he was only captain of aschooner, trading between the islands, that i sailed with a few weeks inthe west indies."
"perhaps, then, you will relate to the company present the circumstanceswhich took place to put old pegtop's--(i may not be correct in thename)--but whoever it may be--""pigtown, master."
"well, then--that put old pigtown's mind at ease--for i am marvellouslyamused with thy narrations, which do pass away the time most agreeably,good dux."
"with all my heart, old gentleman; but first let us fill up ourtumblers.
i don't know how it is, but it does appear to me that grogdrinks better out of a glass than out of metal and if it wasn't that tomis so careless--and the dog has no respect for crockery any more thanpersons--i would have one or two on board for particular service; buti'll think about that, and hear what the old woman has to say on thesubject.
now to my yarn.
d'ye see, old pigtown commanded a littleschooner, which plied between the isles, and he had been in her for amatter of forty years, and was as well-known as port royal tom."
"who might port royal tom be?"
inquired the dominie; "a relation ofyours?"
"i hope not, master, for i wanted none of his acquaintance; he was ashark about twenty feet long who rode guard in the harbour, to preventthe men-of-war's men from deserting, and was pensioned by government."
"pensioned by government!
nay, but that soundeth strangely.
i haveheard that pensions have been most lavishly bestowed, but not that itextended so far.
truly it must have been a _sinecure_."
"i don't know what that last may be," replied old tom, "but i heard ourboatswain, in the _minerve_, who talked politics a bit, say, `as howhalf the pensions were held by a pack of damned sharks;' but in thishere shark's case, it wasn't in money, master; but he'd regular rationsof bullock's liver to persuade him to remain in the harbour, and no onedare swim on shore when he was cruising round and round the ships.
well, old pigtown, with his white trousers and straw hat, red nose andbig belly, was as well-known as could be, and was a capital old fellowfor remembering and executing commissions, provided you gave him themoney first; if not, he always took care to forget them.
old pigtownhad a son, a little dark or so, which proved that his mother wasn'tquite as fair as a lily, and this son was employed in a drogher, thatis, a small craft which goes round to the bays of the island, and takesoff the sugars to the west india traders.
one fine day the drogher wasdriven out to sea, and never heard of a'terwards.
now, old pigtown wasvery anxious about what had come of his son, and day after day expectedhe would come back again; but he never did, for very good reasons, asyou shall hear by-and-by; and every one knowing old pigtown, and heknowing everybody, it was at least fifty times a day that the questionwas put to him, `well, pigtown, have you heard anything of your son?'
and fifty times a day he would reply, `no; and _my mind's but ill atease_.'
well, it was two or three months afterwards, that when i was inthe schooner with him, as we lay becalmed between the islands, with thesun frizzing our wigs, and the planks so hot that you couldn't walkwithout your shoes, that we hooked a large shark which came bowlingunder our counter, got him on board and cut him up.
when we opened hisinside, what should i see but something shining.
i took it out, andsure enough it was a silver watch.
so i hands it to old pigtown.
helooks at it very 'tentively, opens the outside case, reads the maker'sname, and then shuts it up again.
`this here watch,' says he, `belongedto my son jack.
i bought it of a chap in a south whaler for threedollars and a roll of pigtail, and a very good watch it was, though iperceive it to be stopped now.
now, d'ye see, it's all clear--thedrogher must have gone down in a squall--the shark must have picked upmy son jack, and must have _digested_ his body, but has not been able to_digest_ his watch.
now i knows what's become of him, and so--_mymind's at ease_.'"
"well," observed old stapleton, "i agrees with old poptown, or whateverhis name might be, that it were better to know the worst at once than tobe kept on the worry all your days; i consider it's nothing but humannatur'.
why, if one has a bad tooth, which is the best plan, to have itout with one good wrench, or to be eternally tormented, night and day."
"thou speakest wisely, friend stapleton, and like a man of resolve--theanticipation is often, if not always, more painful than the reality.
thou knowest, jacob, how often i have allowed a boy to remain unbuttonedin the centre of the room for an hour previous to the application of thebirch--and it was with the consideration that the impression would begreater upon his mind than even upon his nether parts.
all of thefeelings in the human breast, that of suspense is--""worse than _hanging_," interrupted young tom.
"even so, boy [_cluck, cluck_], an apt comparison, seeing that insuspense you are hanging, as it were, in the very region of doubt,without being able to obtain a footing even upon conjecture.
nay, wemay further add another simile, although not so well borne out, whichis, that the agony of suspense doth stop the breath of a man for thetime, as hanging doth stop it altogether, so that it may be truly said,that suspense is put an end to by suspending."
"and now that you've got rid of all that, master, suppose you fill upyour pipe," observed old tom.
"and i will fill up your tumbler, sir," said mary; "for you must be drywith talking such hard words."
the dominie this time made no objection, and again enveloped mary andhimself in a cloud of smoke, through which his nose loomed like anindiaman in a channel fog.
the dominie's bosom grows too warm; so the party and the frost breakup--i go with the stream and against it; make money both ways--coolnessbetween mary and me--no chance of a thames' edition of abelard andeloise--love, learning, and latin all lost in a fit of the sulks.
"i say, master stapleton, suppose we were to knock out half a port,"observed old tom, after a silence of two minutes; "for the old gentlemanblows a devil of a cloud: that is, if no one has an objection."
stapleton gave a nod of assent, and i rose and put the upper window downa few inches.
"ay, that's right, jacob; now we shall see what miss maryand he are about.
you've been enjoying the lady all to yourself,master," continued tom, addressing the dominie.
"verily and truly," replied the dominie, "even as a second jupiter."
"never heard of him."
"i presume not; still, jacob will tell thee that the history is to befound in ovid's metamorphoses."
"never heard of the country, master."
"nay, friend dux, it is a book, not a country, in which thou may'st readhow jupiter at first descended unto semele in a cloud."
"and pray, where did he come from, master?"
"he came from heaven."
"the devil he did.
well, if ever i gets there, i mean to stay."
"it was love, all-powerful love, which induced him, maiden," replied thedominie, turning, with a smiling eye, to mary.
"'bove my comprehension altogether," replied old tom.
"human natur'," muttered stapleton, with the pipe still between hislips.
"not the first vessels that have run foul in a fog," observed young tom.
"no, boy; but generally there ar'n't much love between them at thosetimes.
but, come, now that we can breathe again, suppose i give you asong.
what shall it be, young woman, a sea ditty, or something_spooney_?"
"oh, something about love, if you've no objection, sir," said mary,appealing to the dominie.
"nay, it pleaseth me maiden, and i am of thy mind.
friend dux, let itbe anacreontic."
"what the devil's that?"
cried old tom, lifting up his eyes, and takingthe pipe out of his mouth.
"nothing of your own, father, that's clear; but something to borrow, forit's to be _on tick_," replied tom.
"nay, boy, i would have been understood that the song should refer towomen or wine."
"both of which are to his fancy," observed young tom to me, aside.
"_human natur'_," quaintly observed stapleton.
"well, then, you shall have your wish.
i'll give you one that might bewarbled in a lady's chamber without stirring the silk curtains:--  "oh!
the days are gone when beauty bright  my heart's chain wove,  when my dream of life from morn to night  was love--still love.
new hope may bloom, and days may come,  of milder, calmer beam,  but there's nothing half so sweet in life  as love's young dream;  oh!
there's nothing half so sweet in life,  as love's young dream."
the melody of the song, added to the spirits he had drunk and mary'seyes beaming on him, had a great effect upon the dominie.
as old tomwarbled out, so did the pedagogue gradually approach the chair of mary;and as gradually entwine her waist with his own arm, his eyes twinklingbrightly on her.
old tom, who perceived it, had given me and tom awink, as he repeated the two last lines; and then we saw what was goingon, we burst into an uncontrollable fit of laughter.
saidthe dominie, starting up, "thou hast awakened me, by thy boisterousmirth, from a sweet musing created by the harmony of friend dux's voice.
neither do i discover the source of thy cachinnation, seeing that thesong is amatory and not comic.
still, it may not be supposed, at thyearly age, that thou canst be affected with what thou art too young tofeel.
pr'ythee continue, friend dux, and, boys, restrain thy mirth."
"though the bard to a purer fame may soar  when wild youth's past,  though he win the wise, who frowned before,  to smile at last,  he'll never meet a joy so sweet  in all his noon of fame,  as when first he sung to woman's ear  his soul-felt flame;  and at every close she blush'd to hear  the once-lov'd name."
at the commencement of this verse the dominie appeared to be on hisguard; but gradually moved by the power of song, he dropped his elbow onthe table, and his pipe underneath it; his forehead sank into his broadpalm, and he remained motionless.
the verse ended, and the dominie,forgetting all around him, softly ejaculated, without looking up, "eheu!
"did you speak to me, sir?"
said mary, who, perceiving us tittering,addressed the dominie with a half-serious, half-mocking air.
nay, i spoke not; yet thou mayest give me my pipe, whichapparently hath been abducted while i was listening to the song."
that's a new word; but it means smashed into twenty pieces, isuppose," observed young tom.
"at all events, your pipe is, for you letit fall between your legs."
"never mind," said mary, rising from her chair, and going to thecupboard; "here's another, sir."
"well, master, am i to finish, or have you had enough of it?"
"proceed, friend dux, proceed; and believe that i am all attention."
"oh, that hallowed form is ne'er forgot  which first love trac'd,  still it lingering haunts the greenest spot  on memory's waste.
'twas odour fled as soon as shed,  'twas memory's winged dream,  'twas a light that ne'er can shine again  on life's dull stream;  oh, 'twas light that ne'er can shine again  on life's dull stream."
"nay," said the dominie, again abstracted, "the metaphor is not just.
`_life's_ dull stream.'
`_lethe tacitus amnis_,' as lucan hath it; butthe stream of life flows--ay, flows rapidly--even in my veins.
doth notthe heart throb and beat--yea, strongly--peradventure too forciblyagainst my better judgment?
`_confiteor misere molle cor esse mihi_,'as ovid saith.
yet must it not prevail!
shall one girl be victoriousover seventy boys?
shall i, dominie dobbs, desert my post?--againsuccumb to--i will even depart, that i may be at my desk at matutinalhours."
"you don't mean to leave us, sir?"
said mary, taking the dominie's arm.
"even so, fair maiden, for it waxeth late, and i have my duties toperform," said the dominie, rising from his chair.
"then you will promise to come again."
"peradventure i may."
"if you do not promise me that you will, i will not let you go now."
"verily, maiden--""promise," interrupted mary.
"truly, maiden--""promise," cried mary.
"in good sooth, maiden--""promise," reiterated mary, pulling the dominie towards her chair.
"nay, then, i do promise, since thou wilt have it so," replied thedominie.
"and when will you come?"
"i will not tarry," replied the dominie; "and now good night to all."
the dominie shook hands with us, and mary lighted him downstairs.
i wasmuch pleased with the resolution and sense of his danger thus shown bymy worthy preceptor, and hoped that he would have avoided mary infuture, who evidently wished to make a conquest of him for her ownamusement and love of admiration; but still i felt that the promiseexacted would be fulfilled, and i was afraid that a second meeting, andthat perhaps not before witnesses, would prove mischievous.
i made upmy mind to speak to mary on the subject as soon as i had an opportunity,and insist upon her not making a fool of the worthy old man.
maryremained below a much longer time than was necessary, and when shere-appeared and looked at me, as if for a smile of approval, i turnedfrom her with a contemptuous air.
she sat down, and looked confused.
tom was also silent, and paid her no attention.
a quarter of an hourpassed, when he proposed to his father that they should be off, and theparty broke up.
leaving mary silent and thoughtful, and old stapletonfinishing his pipe, i took my candle and went to bed.
the next day the moon changed, the weather changed, and a rapid thawtook place.
"it's an ill wind that blows nobody good," observed oldstapleton; "we watermen will have the river to ourselves again, and thehucksters must carry their gingerbread-nuts to another market."
it was,however, three or four days before the river was clear of the ice, so asto permit the navigation to proceed; and during that time, i may as wellobserve, that there was dissension between mary and me.
i showed herthat i resented her conduct, and at first she tried to pacify me; butfinding that i held out longer than she expected, she turned round, andwas affronted in return.
short words and no lessons were the order ofthe day; and as each party seemed determined to hold out, there waslittle prospect of a reconciliation.
in this she was the greatestsufferer, as i quitted the house after breakfast, and did not returnuntil dinner time.
at first old stapleton plied very regularly, andtook all the fares; but about a fortnight after we had worked together,he used to leave me to look after employment, and remain at thepublic-house.
the weather was now fine, and, after the severe frost, itchanged so rapidly that most of the trees were in leaf, and thehorse-chestnuts in full blossom.
the wherry was in constant demand, andevery evening i handed from four to six shillings over to old stapleton.
i was delighted with my life, and should have been perfectly happy ifit had not been for my quarrel with mary still continuing, she asresolutely refraining from making advances as i.  how much may life beembittered by dissension with those you live with, even when there is novery warm attachment; the constant grating together worries and annoys,and although you may despise the atoms, the aggregate becomesinsupportable.
i had no pleasure in the house; and the evenings, whichformerly passed so agreeably, were now a source of vexation, from beingforced to sit in company with one with whom i was not on good terms.
old stapleton was seldom at home till late, and this made it stillworse.
i was communing with myself one night, as i had my eyes fixed onmy book, whether i should make the first advances, when mary, who hadbeen quietly at work, broke the silence by asking me what i was reading.
i replied in a quiet tone.
"jacob," said she, in continuation, "i think you have used me very illto humble me in this manner.
it was your business to make it up first."
"i am not aware that i have been in the wrong," replied i.
"i do not say that you have; but what matter does that make?
you oughtto give way to a woman."
don't the whole world do so?
do you not offer everything firstto a woman?
is it not her right?"
"not when she is in the wrong, mary."
"yes, when she's in the wrong, jacob; there's no merit in doing it whenshe's in the right."
"i think otherwise; at all events, it depends on how much she has beenin the wrong, and i consider you have shown a bad heart, mary."
"a bad heart!
in what way, jacob?"
"in realising the fable of the boys and the frogs with the poor olddominie, forgetting that what may be sport to you is death to him."
"you don't mean to say that he'll die of love," replied mary, laughing.
"i should hope not: but you may contrive, and you have tried all in yourpower, to make him very wretched."
"and, pray, how do you know that i do not like the old gentleman, jacob?
you appear to think that a girl is to fall in love with nobody butyourself.
why should i not love an old man with so much learning?
ihave been told that old husbands are much prouder of their wives thanyoung ones, and pay them more attention, and don't run after otherwomen.
how do you know that i am not serious?"
"because i know your character, mary, and am not to be deceived.
if youmean to defend yourself in that way, we had better not talk any more."
"lord, how savage you are!
then, suppose i did pay the old gentleman anyattention.
did the young ones pay me any?
did either you, or yourprecious friend, mr tom, even speak to me?"
"no; we saw how you were employed, and we both hate a jilt."
"oh, you do.
very well, sir; just as you please.
i may make both yourhearts ache for this some day or another."
"forewarned, forearmed, mary; and i shall take care that they are bothforewarned as well as myself.
as i perceive that you are so decided, ishall say no more.
only, for your own sake, and your own happiness, icaution you.
recollect your mother, mary, and recollect your mother'sdeath."
mary covered her face and burst into tears.
she sobbed for a fewminutes, and then came to me.
"you are right, jacob; and i am afoolish--perhaps wicked--girl; but forgive me, and indeed i will try tobehave better.
but, as father says, it is human nature in me, and it'shard to conquer our natures, jacob."
"will you promise me not to continue your advances to the dominie,mary?"
"i will not, if i can help it, jacob.
i may forget for the moment, buti'll do all i can.
it's not very easy to look grave when one is merry,or sour when one is pleased."
"but what can induce you, mary, to practise upon an old man like him?
if it were young tom, i could understand it.
there might be somecredit, and your pride might be flattered by the victory; but an oldman--""still, jacob, old or young, it's much the same.
i would like to havethem all at my feet, and that's the truth.
i can't help it.
and ithought it a great victory to bring there a wise old man, who was sofull of latin and learning, and who ought to know better.
tell mejacob, if old men a how themselves to be caught, as well as young, whereis the crime of catching them?
isn't there as much vanity in an oldman, in his supposing that i really could love him, as there is in me,who am but a young, foolish girl, in trying to make him fond of me?"
"that may be; but still recollect that he is in earnest, and you areonly joking, which makes a great difference; and recollect further, thatin trying at all, we very often lose all."
"that i would take my chance of, jacob," replied mary, proudly throwingher curly ringlets back with her hand from her white forehead; "but whati now want is to make friends with you.
come, jacob, you have mypromise to do my best."
"yes, mary, and i believe you, so there's my hand."
"you don't know how miserable i have been, jacob, since we quarrelled,"said mary, wiping the tears away, which again commenced flowing; "andyet i don't know why, for i'm sure i have almost hated you this lastweek--that i have; but the fact is, i like quarrelling very well for thepleasure of making it up again; but not for the quarrel to last so longas this has done."
"it has annoyed me too, mary, for i like you very much in general."
"well, then, now it's all over; but jacob, are you sure you are friendswith me?"
mary looked archly at me.
"you know the old saw, and i feel the truthof it."
"what, `kiss and make friends?'"
replied i; "with all my heart," and ikissed her, without any resistance on her part.
"no, i didn't mean that, jacob."
"well, then, what was the other?"
"never mind, i forget it now," said she laughing, and rising from thechair.
"now, i must go to my work again, and you must tell me whatyou've been doing this last fortnight."
mary and i entered into a long and amicable conversation till her fathercame home, when we retired to bed.
"i think," said old stapleton, thenext morning, "that i've had work enough; and i've belonged to twobenefit clubs for so long as to 'title me to an allowance.
i think,jacob, i shall give up the wherry to you, and you shall in future giveme one-third of your earnings, and keep the rest to yourself.
i don'tsee why you're to work hard all day for nothing."
i remonstratedagainst this excess of liberality; but old stapleton was positive, andthe arrangement was made.
i afterwards discovered, what may probablyoccur to the reader, that captain turnbull was at the bottom of allthis.
he had pensioned old stapleton that i might become independent bymy own exertions before i had served my apprenticeship; and afterbreakfast, old stapleton walked down with me to the beach, and welaunched the boat.
"recollect, jacob," said he, "one-third, and honourbright;" so saying, he adjourned to his old quarters, the public-house,to smoke his pipe and think of human natur'.
i do not recollect any dayof my life on which i felt more happy than on this: i was working formyself, and independent.
i jumped into my wherry, and, without waitingfor a fare, i pushed off, and, gaining the stream, cleaved through thewater with delight as my reward; but after a quarter of an hour isobered down with the recollection that, although i might pull about fornothing for my own amusement, that as stapleton was entitled toone-third, i had no right to neglect his interest; and i shot my wherryinto the row, and stood with my hand and fore-finger raised, watchingthe eye of every one who came towards the hard.
i was fortunate thatday, and when i returned, was proceeding to give stapleton his share,when he stopped me.
"jacob, it's no use dividing now; once a-week willbe better.
i likes things to come in a lump; cause, d'ye see--it's--it's--_human natur'_."
a good fare--eat your pudding and hold your tongue--the dominie crossedin love--the crosser also crossed--i find that "all the world's astage," not excepting the stern sheets of my wherry--cleopatra's bargeapostrophised on the river thames.
i consider that the present was the period from which i might date myfirst launching into human life.
i was now nearly eighteen years old,strong, active, and well-made, full of spirits, and overjoyed at theindependence which i had so much sighed for.
since the period of mydismissal from mr drummond's my character had much altered.
i hadbecome grave and silent, brooding over my wrongs, harbouring feelings ofresentment against the parties, and viewing the world in general througha medium by no means favourable.
i had become in some degree restoredfrom this unwholesome state of mind from having rendered an importantservice to captain turnbull, for we love the world better as we feelthat we are more useful in it; but the independence now given to me wasthe acme of my hopes and wishes.
i felt so happy, so buoyant in mind,that i could even think of the two clerks in mr drummond's employwithout feelings of revenge.
let it, however, be remembered that theworld was all before me in anticipation only.
"no, thanky, my lad.
i want old stapleton--is he here?"
"no, sir, but this is his boat."
"humph, can't he take me down?"
"no, sir; but i can, if you please."
"well, then, be quick."
a sedate-looking gentleman, about forty-five years of age, stepped intothe boat, and in a few seconds i was in the stream, shooting the bridgewith the ebbing tide.
"what's the matter with deaf stapleton?"
"nothing, sir; but he's getting old, and has made the boat over to me."
"are you his son?"
"no, sir, his 'prentice."
sorry deaf stapleton's gone."
"i can be as deaf as he, sir, if you wish it."
the gentleman said no more at the time, and i pulled down the river insilence; but in a few minutes he began to move his hands up and down,and his lips, as if he was in conversation.
gradually his actionincreased, and words were uttered.
at last he broke out:--"it is withthis conviction, i may say important conviction, mr speaker, that i nowdeliver my sentiments to the commons' house of parliament, trusting thatno honourable member will decide until he has fully weighed theimportance of the arguments which i have submitted to his judgment."
hethen stopped, as if aware that i was present, and looked at me; but,prepared as i was, there was nothing in my countenance which exhibitedthe least sign of merriment; or, indeed, of having paid any attention towhat he had been saying, for i looked carelessly to the right and leftat the banks of the river.
he again entered into conversation.
"have you been long on the river?"
"born on it, sir."
"how do you like the profession of a waterman?"
"very well, sir; the great point is to have regular customers."
"and how do you gain them?"
"by holding my tongue; keeping their counsel and my own."
"very good answer, my boy.
people who have much to do cannot afford toloose even their time on the water.
just now i was preparing andthinking over my speech in the house of commons."
"so i supposed, sir, and i think the river is a very good place for it,as no one can overhear you except the person whose services you havehired--and you need not mind him."
"very true, my lad; but that's why i liked deaf stapleton: he could nothear a word."
"but sir, if you've no objection, i like to hear it very much; and youmay be sure that i should never say anything about it, if you will trustme."
"do you my lad?
well, then i'll just try it over again.
you shall bethe speaker--mind you hold your tongue, and don't interrupt me."
the gentleman then began: "mr speaker, i should not have ventured toaddress the house at this late hour, did i not consider that theimportance of the question now before it is--so important--no, thatwon't do--did i not consider that the question now before it is of that,i may say, paramount importance as to call forth the best energies ofevery man who is a well-wisher to his country.
with this conviction,mr speaker, humble individual as i am, i feel it my duty, i may say, mybounden duty, to deliver my sentiments upon the subject.
the paperswhich i now hold in my hand, mr speaker, and to which i shall soon haveto call the attention of the house, will, i trust, fully establish--""i say, waterman, be you taking that chap to bedlam?"
cried a shrillfemale voice close to us.
the speech was stopped; we looked up, andperceived a wherry with two females passing close to us.
a shout oflaughter followed the observation, and my fare looked very muchconfused.
i had often read the papers in the public-house, and remembering whatwas usual in the house in case of interruption, called out, "order,order!"
this made the gentleman laugh, and as the other wherry was nowfar off, he recommenced his oration, with which i shall not trouble myreaders.
it was a very fair speech, i have no doubt, but i forget whatit was about.
i landed him at westminster bridge, and received treble my fare.
"recollect," said he, on paying me, "that i shall look out for you wheni come again, which i do every monday morning, and sometimes oftener.
what's your name?"
"very well; good morning, my lad."
this gentleman became a very regular and excellent customer, and we usedto have a great deal of conversation, independent of debating, in thewherry; and i must acknowledge that i received from him not only plentyof money, but a great deal of valuable information.
a few days after this i had an opportunity of ascertaining how far marywould keep her promise.
i was plying at the river side as usual, whenold stapleton came up to me, with his pipe in his mouth, and said,"jacob, there be that old gentleman up at our house with mary.
now, isees a great deal, but i says nothing.
mary will be her mother overagain, that's sartain.
suppose you go and see your old teacher, andleave me to look a'ter a customer.
i begin to feel as if handling thesculls a little would be of sarvice to me.
we all think idleness be avery pleasant thing when we're obliged to work but when we are idle,then we feel that a little work be just as agreeable--that's humannatur'."
i thought that mary was very likely to forget all her good resolutions,from her ardent love of admiration, and i was determined to go and breakup the conference.
i, therefore, left the boat to stapleton, andhastened to the house.
i did not like to play the part of aneavesdropper, and was quite undecided how i should act; whether to go inat once or not, when, as i passed under the window, which was open, iheard very plainly the conversation that was going on.
i stopped in thestreet, and listened to the dominie in continuation--"but, fair maiden,_omnia vincit amor_--here am i, dominie dobbs, who have long passed thegrand climacteric, and can already muster three score years--who haveauthority over seventy boys, being magister princeps et dux of brentfordgrammar school--who have affectioned only the sciences, and communedonly with the classics--who have ever turned a deaf ear to theallurements of thy sex, and ever hardened my heart to thy fascination--here am i, even i, dominie dobbs, suing at the feet of a maiden who hadbarely ripened into womanhood, who knoweth not to read or write, andwhose father earns his bread by manual labour.
i feel it all--i feelthat i am too old--that thou art too young--that i am departing from theways of wisdom, and am regardless of my worldly prospects.
still,_omnia vincit amor_, and i bow to the all-powerful god, doing him homagethrough thee, mary.
vainly have i resisted--vainly have i, as i havelain in bed, tried to drive thee from my thoughts, and tear thine imagefrom my heart.
have i not felt thy presence everywhere?
do not iastonish my worthy coadjutor, mistress bately, the matron, by callingher by the name of mary, when i had always before addressed her by herbaptismal name of deborah?
nay, have not the boys in the classesdiscovered my weakness, and do they not shout out mary in the hours ofplay?
_mare periculosum et turbidum_ hast thou been to me.
i sleepnot--i eat not--and every sign of love which hath been adduced byovidius naso, whom i have diligently collated, do i find in mine ownperson.
speak, then, maiden.
i have given vent to my feelings, do thouthe same, that i may return, and leave not my flock without theirshepherd.
"i will, sir, if you will get up," replied mary, who paused, and thencontinued.
"i think, sir, that i am young and foolish, and you are oldand--and--""foolish, thou wouldst say."
"i had rather you said it, sir, than i; it is not for me to use such anexpression towards one so learned as you are.
i think, sir, that i amtoo young to marry; and that perhaps you are--too old.
i think, sir,that you are too clever--and that i am very ignorant; that it would notsuit you in your situation to marry; and that it would not suit me tomarry you--equally obliged to you all the same."
"perhaps thou hast in thy reply proved the wiser of the two," answeredthe dominie; "but why, maiden, didst thou raise those feelings, thosehopes in my breast, only to cause me pain, and make me drink deep of thecup of disappointment?
didst thou appear to cling to me in fondness, ifthou felt not a yearning towards me?"
"but are there no other sorts of love besides the one you would require,sir?
may i not love you because you are so clever, and so learned inlatin.
may i not love you as i do my father?"
"true, true, child; it is all my own folly, and i must retrace my stepsin sorrow.
i have been deceived--but i have been deceived only bymyself.
my wishes have clouded my understanding, and have obscured myreason; have made me forgetful of my advanced years, and of the littlefavour i was likely to find in the eyes of a young maiden.
i havefallen into a pit through blindness, and i must extricate myself, soreas will be the task.
bless thee, maiden, bless thee!
may another behappy in thy love, and never feel the barb of disappointment.
i willpray for thee, mary--that heaven may bless thee."
and the dominieturned away and wept.
mary appeared to be moved by the good old man's affliction, and herheart probably smote her for her coquettish behaviour.
she attempted toconsole the dominie, and appeared to be more than half crying herself.
"no, sir, do not take on so, you make me feel very uncomfortable.
ihave been wrong--i feel i have--though you have not blamed me, i am avery foolish girl."
"bless thee, child--bless thee!"
replied the dominie, in a subduedvoice.
"indeed, sir, i don't deserve it--i feel i do not; but pray do notgrieve, sir; things will go cross in love.
now, sir, i'll tell you asecret, to prove it to you.
i love jacob--love him very much, and hedoes not care for me--i am sure he does not; so, you sir, you are notthe only one--who is--very unhappy;" and mary commenced sobbing with thedominie.
said the dominie; "and thou lovest jacob?
truly is heworthy of thy love.
and, at thy early age, thou knowest what it is tohave thy love unrequited.
truly is this a vale of tears--yet let us bethankful.
guard well thy heart, child, for jacob may not be for thee;nay i feel that he will not be."
"and why so, sir?"
replied mary, despondingly.
"because, maiden--but nay, i must not tell thee; only take my warning,mary--fare thee well?
i come not here again."
"good-bye, sir, and pray forgive me; this will be a warning to me."
"verily, maiden, it will be a warning to us both.
god bless thee!"
i discovered by the sound that mary had vouchsafed to the dominie akiss, and heard soon afterwards his steps as he descended the stairs.
not wishing to meet him i turned round the corner, and went down to theriver, thinking over what had passed.
i felt pleased with mary, but iwas not in love with her.
the spring was now far advanced, and the weather was delightful.
theriver was beautiful, and parties of pleasure were constantly to be seenfloating up and down with the tide.
the westminster boys, the funnyclub, and other amateurs in their fancy dresses, enlivened the scene;while the races for prize wherries, which occasionally took place,rendered the water one mass of life and motion.
how i longed for myapprenticeship to be over, that i might try for a prize!
one of my bestcustomers was a young man, who was an actor at one of the theatres, who,like the m.p., used to rehearse the whole time he was in the boat; buthe was a lively, noisy personage, full of humour, and perfectlyindifferent as to appearances.
he had a quiz and a quirk for everybodythat passed in another boat, and would stand up and rant at them untilthey considered him insane.
we were on very intimate terms, and i wasnever more pleased than when he made his appearance, as it wasinvariably the signal for mirth.
the first time i certainly consideredhim to be a lunatic, for playhouse phraseology was quite new to me.
"boat, sir," cried i to him as he came to the hard.
"my affairs do even drag me homeward.
go on; i'll follow thee," repliedhe, leaping into the boat.
"our fortune lies in this jump."
i shoved off the wherry: "down, sir?"
"down," replied he; pointing downwards with his finger, as if pushing atsomething.
"down, down to hell, and say i sent you there."
"thanky, sir, i'd rather not, if it's all the same to you."
"our tongue is rough, coz--and my condition is not smooth."
we shot thebridge, and went rapidly down with the tide, when he again commenced:--  "thus with imagin'd wing our soft scene flies,  in motion of no less celerity  than that of thought."
then his attention was drawn by a collier's boat, pulled by two men asblack as chimney-sweeps, with three women in the stern-sheets.
theymade for the centre of the river, to get into the strength of the tide,and were soon abreast and close to the wherry, pulling with us down thestream.
"there's a dandy young man," said one of the women, with an old strawbonnet and very dirty ribbons, laughing, and pointing to my man.
"plead you to me, fair dame?
i know you not;  at ephesus i am but two hours old,  as strange unto your town as to your talk."
"well, he be a reg'lar rum cove, i've a notion," said another of thewomen, when she witnessed the theatrical airs of the speaker, whoimmediately recommenced--  "the barge she sat in, like a burnish'd throne,  burn'd on the water--the poop was beaten gold,  purple the sails, and so perfumed that  the winds were love-sick with them; the oars were silver,  which to the tunes of flutes kept stroke, and made  the water, which they beat, to follow faster,  as amorous of their strokes.
for her own person,  it beggar'd all description."
"come, i'll be blowed but we've had enough of that, so just shut yourpan," said one of the women, angrily.
"her gentlewomen, like the naiades,  so many mermaids tend her."
"mind what you're arter, or your mouth will tend to your mischief, youngfellow."
"from the barge  a strange, invisible perfume hits the sense  of the adjacent wharfs."
"jem, just run him alongside, and break his head with your oar."
"i thinks as how i will, if he don't mend his manners."
"i saw her once  hop forty paces through the public streets."
"you lie, you liver-faced rascal.
i never walked the streets in mylife.
i'm a lawful married woman.
jem, do you call yourself a man, andstand this here?"
"well, now, sal, but he's a nice young man.
now an't he?"
observed oneof the other women.
"away,  away, you trifler.
i know thee not,  i care not for thee, kate: this is no world  to play with mammets, and to tilt with lips;  we must have bloody noses and cracked crowns."
"i've a notion you will, too, my hearty," interrupted one of thecolliers.
"that 'ere long tongue of yours will bring you into disgrace.
bill, give her a jerk towards the wherry, and we'll duck him."
"my friend," said the actor, addressing me:--  "let not his unwholesome corpse come between the wind  and my nobility.
"let us exeunt, op."
although i could not understand his phrases, i knew very well what hemeant, and pulling smartly, i shoved towards the shore, and ahead.
perceiving this, the men in the boat, at the intimation of the women,who stood up waving their bonnets, gave chase to us, and my companionappeared not a little alarmed.
however, by great exertion on my part,we gained considerably, and they abandoned the pursuit.
"now, by two-headed janus," said my companion, as he looked back uponthe colliers--  "nature hath framed strange fellows in her time,  some that will evermore peep through their eyes,  and laugh like parrots at a bagpiper,  and others of such a vinegar aspect  that they'll not show their teeth by way of smile,  though nestor swear the jest be laughable.
"and now," continued he, addressing me, "what's your name, sir?
of whatcondition are you--and of what place, i pray?"
amused with what had passed, i replied, "that my name was jacob--that iwas a waterman, and born on the river."
"i find thee apt; but tell me, art thou perfect that our ship hathtouched upon the deserts of bohemia?"
"do you land at westminster, sir?"
"no: at blackfriars--there attend my coming.
"base is the slave who pays; nevertheless, what is your fare, my lad?
"what money's in my purse?
seven groats and twopence.
"by jove, i am not covetous of gold,  nor care i who doth feed upon my cost.
"but--  "i can get no remedy for this consumption of the purse.
"here my lad--is that enough?"
"yes, sir, i thank you."
"remember poor jack, sir," said the usual attendant at the landingplace, catching his arm as he careened the wherry on getting out.
"if he fall in, good-night--or sink or swim.
"jack, there is a penny for you.
jacob, farewell--we meet again;" andaway he went, taking three of the stone steps at each spring.
thisgentleman's name was, as i afterwards found out, tinfoil, an actor ofsecond-rate merit on the london boards.
the haymarket theatre was wherehe principally performed, and, as we became better acquainted, heoffered to procure me orders to see the play when i should wish to gothere.
the pic-nic party--sufferings by oil, ice, fire, and water--upon thewhole the "divarting vagabonds," as the thespian heroes and heroines areclassically termed, are very happy, excepting mr. winterbottom, whosefeelings are by sitting down, down to zero.
one morning he came down to the hard, and, as usual, i expected that hewould go down the river.
i ran to my boat, and hauled in close.
"no, jacob, no; this day you will not carry caesar and his fortunes, buti have an order for you."
"thank you; sir; what is the play?"
no play; but i hope it will prove a farce,nevertheless, before it's over.
we are to have a pic-nic party upon oneof those little islands up the river by kew.
all sock and buskin, alltheatricals: if the wherries upset, the hay-market may shut up, for itwill be `_exeunt omnes_' with all its best performers.
look you, jacob,we shall want three wherries, and i leave you to pick out the othertwo--oars in each, of course.
you must be at whitehall steps exactly atnine o'clock, and i daresay the ladies won't make you wait more than anhour or two, which, for them, is tolerably punctual."
mr tinfoil then entered into the arrangement for remuneration, andwalked away; and i was conning over in my mind whom i should select frommy brother watermen, and whether i should ask old stapleton to take theother oar in my boat, when i heard a voice never to be mistaken by me--  "life is like a summer day  warmed by a sunny ray.
"lower away yet, tom.
that'll do, my trump.
"sometimes a dreary cloud,  chill blast, or tempest loud.
"look out for jacob, tom," cried the old man, as the head of thelighter, with her mast lowered down, made its appearance through thearch of putney bridge, with bright blue streaks on her sides.
"here he is, father," replied tom, who was standing forward by thewindlass, with the fall in his hand.
i had shoved off, on hearing old tom's voice, and was alongside almostas soon as the lighter had passed under the bridge, and discovered oldtom at the helm.
i sprang on the deck, with the chain-painter of thewherry in my hand, made it fast, and went aft to old tom, who seized myhand.
"this is as it should be, my boy, both on the look-out for each other.
the heart warms when we know the feeling is on both sides.
you'reseldom out of our thoughts, boy, and always in our hearts.
now, jumpforward, for tom's fretting to greet you, i see, and you may just aswell help him to sway up the mast when you are there."
i went forward, shook hands with tom, and then clapped on the fall, andassisted him to hoist the mast.
we then went aft to his father andcommunicated everything of interest which had passed since our lastmeeting at the house of old stapleton.
"and how's mary?"
inquired tom; "she's a very fine lass, and i'vethought of her more than once; but i saw that all you said about her wastrue.
how she did flam the poor old dominie!"
"i have had a few words with her about it, and she has promised to bewiser," replied i; "but as her father says, `in her it's human natur'.'"
"she's a fine craft," observed old tom, "and they always be a littleticklish.
but, jacob, you've had some inquiries made after you, and bythe women, too."
"yes; and i have had the honour of being sent for into the parlour.
doyou guess now?"
"yes," said i, a gloom coming over my countenance.
"i presume it isdrummond and sarah whom you refer to?"
tom then informed me that mrs drummond had sent for him, and asked agreat many questions about me, and desired him to say that they werevery glad to hear that i was well and comfortable, and hoped that iwould call and see her and sarah when i came that way.
mrs drummondthen left the room, and tom was alone with sarah, who desired him tosay, that her father had found out that i had not been wrong; that hehad dismissed both the clerks; and that he was very sorry he had been sodeceived--"and then," said tom, "miss sarah told me to say from herself,that she had been very unhappy since you had left them, but that shehoped that you would forgive and forget some day or another, and comeback to them; and that i was to give you her love, and call next time wewent up the river for something that she wanted to send to you.
so youperceive, jacob, that you are not forgotten, and justice has been doneto you."
"yes," replied i, "but it has been too late; so let us say no more aboutit.
i am quite happy as i am."
i then told them of the pic-nic party of the next day, upon which tomvolunteered to take the other oar in my boat, as he would not be wantedwhile the barge was at the wharf.
old tom gave his consent, and it wasagreed he should meet me next morning at daylight.
"i've a notion there'll be some fun, jacob," said he, "from what yousay."
"i think so, too; but you've towed me two miles, and i must be offagain, or i shall lose my dinner; so good-bye;" i selected two otherwherries in the course of the afternoon, and then returned home.
it was a lovely morning when tom and i washed out the boat, and, havingdressed ourselves in our neatest clothes, we shoved off in company withthe two other wherries, and dropped leisurely down the river with thelast of the ebb.
when we pulled in to the stairs at whitehall, we foundtwo men waiting for us with three or four hampers, some baskets, an ironsaucepan, a frying-pan, and a large tin pail with a cover, full of roughice to cool the wines.
we were directed to put all these articles intoone boat; the others to be reserved for the company.
"jacob," said tom, "don't let us be kitchen; i'm togged out for theparlour."
this point had just been arranged, and the articles put into the wherry,when the party made their appearance, mr tinfoil acting as master ofthe ceremonies.
"fair titania," said he to the lady who appeared to demand, andtherefore received, the most attention, "allow me to hand you to yourthrone."
"many thanks, good puck," replied the lady; "we are well placed; butdear me, we haven't brought, or we have lost, our vinaigrette; wepositively cannot go without it.
what can our women have been about?"
"pease-blossom and mustard-seed are much to blame," replied tinfoil;"but shall i run back for it?"
"yes," replied the lady, "and be here again ere the leviathan can swim aleague."
"i'll put a girdle round the earth in forty minutes," replied thegentleman, stepping out of the boat.
"won't you be a little out of breath before you come back, sir?"
saidtom, joining the conversation.
this remark, far from giving offence, was followed by a general laugh.
before mr tinfoil was out of sight, the lost vinaigrette was droppedout of the lady's handkerchief; he was therefore recalled; and the wholeof the party being arranged in the two boats, we shoved off; the thirdboat, in which the provender had been stowed, followed us, and wasoccupied by the two attendants, a call-boy and scene-shifter, who wereaddressed by tinfoil as caliban and stephano.
"is all our company here?"
said a pert-looking, little pug-nosed man,who had taken upon himself the part of quince the carpenter, in themidsummer night's dream.
"you, nick bottom," continued he, addressinganother, "are set down for pyramus."
the party addressed did not, however, appear to enter into the humour.
he was a heavy-made, rather corpulent, white-faced personage, dressed inwhite jean trousers, white waistcoat, brown coat, and white hat.
whether anything had put him out of humour i know not, but it is evidentthat he was the butt of the ladies and of most of the party.
"i'll just thank you," replied this personage, whose real name waswinterbottom, "to be quiet, mr western, for i shan't stand any of yournonsense."
"oh, mr winterbottom, surely you are not about to sow the seeds ofdiscord so early.
look at the scene before you--hear how the birds aresinging, how merrily the sun shines and how beautifully the watersparkles!
who can be cross on such a morning as this?"
"no, miss," replied mr winterbottom, "not at all--not at all--only myname's winterbottom, and not bottom.
i don't wear an ass's head toplease anybody--that's all.
i won't be _bottom_--that's _flat_."
"that depends upon circumstances, sir," observed tom.
"what business have you to shove your oar in, mr waterman?"
"i was hired for the purpose," replied tom, dipping his oar in thewater, and giving a hearty stroke.
"stick to your own element, then--shove your oar into the water, but notinto our discourse."
"well, sir, i won't say another word, if you don't like it."
"but you may to me," said titania, laughing, "whenever you please."
"and to me too," said tinfoil, who was amused with tom's replies.
mr winterbottom became very wroth, and demanded to be put on shoredirectly, but the fairy queen ordered us to obey him at our peril, andmr winterbottom was carried up the river very much against hisinclination.
"our friend is not himself," said mr tinfoil, producing a key bugle;"but--  "music hath charms to soothe the savage breast,  to soften rocks, and rend the knotted oak.
"and, therefore, will we try the effect of it upon his senses."
mrtinfoil then played the air in "midas":--  "pray, goody, please to moderate," etcetera.
during which mr winterbottom looked more sulky than ever.
as soon asthe air was finished, another of the party responded with his flute,from the other boat--while mr quince played what he called base, bysnapping his fingers.
the sounds of the instruments floated along theflowing and smooth water, reaching the ears and attracting the attentionof many who, for a time, rested from their labour, or hung listlesslyover the gunnels of the vessels, watching the boats, and listening tothe harmony.
all was mirth and gaiety--the wherries kept close to eachother, and between the airs the parties kept up a lively and wittyconversation, occasionally venting their admiration upon the verdure ofthe sloping lawns and feathering trees with which the banks of the nobleriver are so beautifully adorned; even mr winterbottom had partiallyrecovered his serenity, when he was again irritated by a remark ofquince, who addressed him.
"you can play no part but pyramus; for pyramus is a sweet-faced man--aproper man as one shall see on a summer's day; a most lovely,gentleman-like man; therefore, you must needs play pyramus."
"take care i don't play the devil with your physiognomy, mr western,"retorted winterbottom.
here caliban, in the third boat, began playing the fiddle and singing toit--  "gaffer, gaffer's son, and his little jackass,  were trotting along the road."
the chorus of which ditty was "ee-aw, ee-aw!"
like the braying of ajackass.
"bless thee, bottom, bless thee; thou art translated," cried quince,looking at winterbottom.
"very well--very well, mr western.
i don't want to upset the wherry,and therefore you're safe at present, but the reckoning will come--so igive you warning."
"slaves of my lamp, do my bidding.
i will have no quarrelling here.
you, quince, shut your mouth; you, winterbottom, draw in your lips, andi, your queen, will charm you with a song," said titania, waving herlittle hand.
the fiddler ceased playing, and the voice of the fairactress rivetted all our attention.
"wilt thou waken, bride of may,  while flowers are fresh, and sweet bells chime,  listen and learn from my roundelay  how all life's pilot boats sailed one day  a match with time!
"love sat on a lotus-leaf aloft,  and saw old time in his loaded boat,  slowly he crossed life's narrow tide,  while love sat clapping his wings, and cried,  `who will pass time?'
"patience came first, but soon was gone,  with helm and sail to help time on;  care and grief could not lend an oar,  and prudence said (while he staid on shore),  `i wait for time.'
"hope filled with flowers her cork-tree bark,  and lighted its helm with a glow-worm's spark;  then love, when he saw his bark fly past,  said, `lingering time will soon be passed,  hope outspeeds time.'
"wit went nearest old time to pass,  with his diamond oar and boat of glass  a feathery dart from his store he drew,  and shouted, while far and swift it flew,  `o mirth kills time!'
"but time sent the feathery arrow back,  hope's boat of amaranthus miss'd its track;  then love bade its butterfly pilots move,  and laughing, said `they shall see how love  can conquer time.'"
i need hardly say that the song was rapturously applauded, and mostdeservedly so.
several others were demanded from the ladies andgentlemen of the party, and given without hesitation; but i cannot nowrecall them to my memory.
the bugle and flute played between whiles,and all was laughter and merriment.
"there's a sweet place," said tinfoil, pointing to a villa on thethames; "now, with the fair titania and ten thousand a-year, one couldthere live happy."
"i'm afraid the fair titania must go to market without the latterencumbrance," replied the lady; "the gentleman must find the tenthousand a-year, and i must bring as my dowry--""ten thousand charms," interrupted tinfoil--"that's most true, and pity'tis 'tis true.
did your fairyship ever hear my epigram on the subject?
"let the lads of the east love the maids of _cash-meer_,  nor affection with interests clash;  far other idolatry pleases us here,  we adore but the maids of _mere cash_."
"excellent, good puck!
have you any more?"
"not of my own, but you have heard what winterbottom wrote under thebust of shakespeare last jubilee?"
"i knew not that apollo had ever visited him."
"you shall hear:--  "in _this here_ place the bones of shakespeare lie,  but _that ere_ form of his shall never die;  a _speedy end and soon_ this world may have,  but shakespeare's name shall _bloom_ beyond the grave."
"i'll trouble you, mr tinfoil, not to be so very witty at my expense,"growled out winterbottom.
"i never wrote a line of poetry in my life."
"no one said you did, winterbottom; but you won't deny that you wrotethose lines."
mr winterbottom disdained a reply.
gaily did we pass the variegatedbanks of the river, swept up with a strong flood-tide, and at lastarrived at a little island agreed upon as the site of the pic-nic.
thecompany disembarked, and were busy looking for a convenient spot fortheir entertainment, quince making a rapid escape from winterbottom, thelatter remaining on the bank.
"jenkins," said he to the man christenedcaliban, "you did not forget the salad?"
"no, sir, i brought it myself.
it's on the top of the little hamper."
mr winterbottom, who, it appears, was extremely partial to salad, wassatisfied with the reply, and walked slowly away.
"well," said tom to me, wiping the perspiration from his brow with hishandkerchief, "i wouldn't have missed this for anything.
i only wishfather had been here.
i hope that young lady will sing again before wepart."
"i think it very likely, and that the fun is only begun," replied i.
"but come, let's lend a hand to get the prog out of the boat."
and here's a marvellous convenient place for our rehearsal.
this green plot shall be our stage," cried quince, addressing the othersof the party.
the locality was approved of, and now all were busy in preparation.
thehampers were unpacked, and cold meats, poultry, pies of various kinds,pastry, etcetera, appeared in abundance.
"this is no manager's feast," said tinfoil; "the fowls are not made ofwood, nor is small beer substituted for wine.
don juan's banquet to thecommendador is a farce to it."
"all the manager's stage banquets are farces, and very sorry jokes intothe bargain," replied another.
"i wish old morris had to eat his own suppers."
"he must get a new set of teeth, or they'll prove a _deal_ too tough."
turn him out!
he's made a _pun_."
the hampers were now empty; some laid the cloth upon the grass, andarranged the plates, and knives and forks.
the ladies were as busy asthe gentlemen--some were wiping the glasses, others putting salt intothe salt-cellars.
titania was preparing the salad.
mr winterbottom,who was doing nothing, accosted her; "may i beg as a favour that you donot cut the salad too small?
it loses much of its crispness."
"why, what a nebuchadnezzar you are!
however, sir, you shall beobeyed."
"who can fry fish?"
"here are two pairs of soles andsome eels.
"here i am, sir," replied the man on his knees, blowing up a fire whichhe had kindled.
"i have got the soup to mind."
"cooling the wine, sir."
"who, then, can fry fish, i ask?"
"i can, sir," replied tom; "but not without butter."
"butter shalt thou have, thou disturber of the element.
have we not_hiren_ here?"
"i wasn't _hired_ as a cook, at all events," replied tom: "but i'mrather a _dab_ at it."
"then shalt thou have the _place_," replied the actor.
"with all my heart and _soul_," cried tom, taking out his knife, andcommencing the necessary operation of skinning the fish.
in half-an-hour all was ready: the fair titania did me the honour toseat herself upon my jacket, to ward off any damp from the ground.
theother ladies had also taken their respective seats, as allotted by themistress of the revels; the tables were covered by many of the goodthings of this life; the soup was ready in a tureen at one end, and tomhad just placed the fish on the table, while mr quince andwinterbottom, by the commands of titania, were despatched for the wineand other varieties of potations.
when they returned, eyeing oneanother askance, winterbottom looking daggers at his opponent, andquince not quite easy even under the protection of titania, tom had justremoved the frying-pan from the fire with its residuary grease stillbubbling.
quince having deposited his load, was about to sit down, whena freak came into tom's head, which, however, he dared not put intoexecution himself; but "a nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse,"says the proverb.
winterbottom stood before tom, and quince with hisback to them.
tom looked at winterbottom, pointing slily to thefrying-pan, and then to the hinder parts of quince.
winterbottomsnatched the hint and the frying-pan at the same moment.
quincesquatted himself down with a serge, as they say at sea, quoting at thetime--"marry, our play is the most lamentable comedy"--but putting hishands behind him, to soften his fall, they were received into the hotfrying-pan, inserted behind him by winterbottom.
shrieked mr quince, springing up like lightning,bounding in the air with the pain, his hands behind him still adheringto the frying-pan.
at the first scream of mr quince, the whole party had been terrified;the idea was that a snake had bitten him, and the greatest alarmprevailed; but when they perceived the cause of the disaster, even hisexpressions of pain could not prevent their mirth.
it was tooludicrous.
still the gentlemen and ladies condoled with him, but mrquince was not to be reasoned with.
he walked away to the river-side,mr winterbottom slily enjoying his revenge, for no one but tom had anidea that it was anything but an accident.
mr quince's party ofpleasure was spoiled, but the others did not think it necessary thattheirs should be also.
a "really very sorry for poor western," and ahalf-dozen "poor fellows!"
intermingled with tittering, was all that hismisfortunes called forth after his departure; and then they set to likefrench falconers.
the soup was swallowed, the fish disappeared, jointswere cut up, pies delivered up their hidden treasures, fowls weredismembered like rotten boroughs, corks were drawn, others flew withoutthe trouble, and they did eat and were filled.
mr winterbottom kepthis eye upon the salad, his favourite condiment, mixed it himself,offered it to all, and was glad to find that no one would spare time toeat it; but mr winterbottom could eat for everybody, and he did eat.
the fragments were cleared away, and handed over to us.
we were verybusy, doing as ample justice to them as the party had done before us,when mr winterbottom was observed to turn very pale, and appeared veryuneasy.
"what's the matter?"
inquired mr tinfoil.
"i'm--i'm not very well--i--i'm afraid something has disagreed with me.
i'm very ill," exclaimed mr winterbottom, turning as white as a sheet,and screwing up his mouth.
"it must be the salad," said one of the ladies; "no one has eaten it butyourself, and we are all well."
"i--rather think--it must be--oh--i do recollect that i thought the oilhad a queer taste."
"why there was no oil in the castors," replied tinfoil.
"i desiredjenkins to get some."
"so did i, particularly," replied winterbottom.
"jenkins," cried tinfoil, "where did you get the oil for the castors?
what oil did you get?--are you sure it was right?"
"yes, sir, quite sure," replied jenkins.
"i brought it here in abottle, and put it into the castors before dinner."
"where did you buy it?"
"at the chemist's, sir.
here's the bottle;" and jenkins produced abottle with _castor_ oil in large letters labelled on the side.
the murder was out.
mr winterbottom groaned, rose from his seat, forhe felt very sick indeed.
the misfortunes of individuals generally addto the general quota of mirth, and mr winterbottom's misfortune had thesame effect as that of mr quince.
but where was poor mr quince allthis time?
he had sent for the iron kettle in which the soup had beenwarmed up, and filling it full of thames water, had immersed theafflicted parts in the cooling element.
there he sat with his handsplunged deep, when mr winterbottom made his appearance at the same spotand mr quince was comforted by witnessing the state of his enemy.
indeed, the sight of winterbottom's distress did more to soothe mrquince's pain than all the thames water in the world.
he rose, andleaving winterbottom, with his two hands to his head, leaning against atree, joined the party, and pledged the ladies in succession, till hewas more than half tipsy.
in the space of half-an-hour mr winterbottom returned, trembling andshivering as if he had been suffering under an ague.
a bumper or two ofbrandy restored him, and before the day closed in, both winterbottom andquince, one applying stimulants to his stomach, and the other drowninghis sense of pain in repeated libations, were in a state (to say theleast of it) of incipient intoxication.
but there is a time for allthings, and it was time to return.
the evening had passed freely; songhad followed song.
tinfoil had tried his bugle, and played not a littleout of tune; the flute also neglected the flats and sharps as of noconsequence; the ladies thought the gentlemen rather too forward, and,in short, it was time to break up the party.
the hampers were repacked,and handed half-empty, into the boat.
of wine there was a little left;and by the direction of titania, the plates, dishes, etcetera, only wereto be returned, and the fragments divided among the boatmen.
thecompany re-embarked in high spirits, and we had the ebb-tide to returnwith.
just as we were shoving off, it was remembered that the ice-pailhad been left under the tree, besides a basket with sundries.
the otherwherries had shoved off, and they were in consequence brought into ourboat, in which we had the same company as before, with the exception ofmr western, _alias_ quince, who preferred the boat which carried thehampers, that he might loll over the side, with his hands in the water.
mr winterbottom soon showed the effects of the remedy he had takenagainst the effects of the castor oil.
he was uproarious, and it waswith difficulty that he could be persuaded to sit still in the boat,much to the alarm of titania and the other ladies.
he would makeviolent love to the fairy queen; and as he constantly shifted hisposition to address her and throw himself at her feet, there was somedanger of the boat being upset.
at last tom proposed to him to sit onthe pail before her, as then he could address her with safety; andwinterbottom staggered up to take the seat.
as he was seating himself,tom took off the cover, so that he was plunged into the half-liquid ice;but mr winterbottom was too drunk to perceive it.
he continued to rantand to rave, and protest and vow, and even spout for some time, whensuddenly the quantity of caloric extracted from him produced its effect.
"i--i--really believe that the night is damp--the dew falls--the seat isdamp, fair titania."
"it's only fancy, mr winterbottom," replied titania who was delightedwith his situation.
"jean trousers are cool in the evening; it's onlyan excuse to get away from me, and i never will speak again to you ifyou quit your seat."
"the fair titania, the mistress of my soul, and body too, if shepleases--has--but to command--and her slave obeys."
"i rather think it is a little damp," said tinfoil; "allow me to throw alittle sand upon your seat;" and tinfoil pulled out a large paper bagfull of salt, which he strewed over the ice.
winterbottom was satisfied, and remained; but by the time we had reachedvauxhall bridge, the refrigeration had become so complete that he wasfixed on the ice, which the application of the salt had made solid.
hecomplained of cold, shivered, attempted to rise, but could not extricatehimself; at last his teeth chattered, and he became almost sober; but hewas helpless from the effects of the castor oil, his intermediateintoxication, and his present state of numbness.
he spoke less andless; at last he was silent, and when we arrived at whitehall stairs hewas firmly fixed in the ice.
when released he could not walk, and hewas sent home in a hackney-coach.
"it was cruel to punish him so, mr tinfoil," said titania.
why, yes; a sort of _impailment_," replied mrtinfoil, offering his arm.
the remainder of the party landed and walked home, followed by the twoassistants, who took charge of the crockery; and thus ended the pic-nicparty, which, as tom said, was the very funniest day he had ever spentin his life.
mr. turnbull "sets his house in order"--mrs. t thinks such conduct verydisorderly--the captain at his old tricks with his harpoon--he pays hislady's debts of honour, and gives the applicant a quittance under hisown foot--monsieur and madame tagliabue withdraw from the society of"ces barbares les anglais."
it was on the sunday after the picnic party, when, feeling i hadneglected captain turnbull, and that he would think it unkind of me notto go near him, after having accompanied mary to church, i set off onfoot to his villa near brentford.
i rang at the porter's lodge, andasked whether he was at home.
"yes, sir," replied the old woman at the lodge, who was verycommunicative, and very friendly with me; "and missus be at home too."
i walked up the carriage-drive of one hundred yards, which led to theentrance-door; and when i rang it was opened by a servant i had not seenbefore as belonging to the establishment.
"where is mr turnbull?"
"he is in his own room, sir," replied the man; "but you must send upyour name, if you please, as every one is not admitted."
i must observe to the reader that i was not dressed in jacket andtrousers.
the money i earned was more than sufficient to supply all myexpenses, and i had fitted on what are called at sea, and on the river,_long togs_.
i was dressed as most people are on shore.
the servantevidently took me for a gentleman; and perhaps, as far as dress went, iwas entitled to that distinction.
many people are received as such inthis world with less claims than i had.
i gave my name; the man left meat the door, and soon returned, requesting that i would follow him.
imust say that i was rather astonished; where were mr mortimer and thetwo men in flaunting liveries, and long cotton epaulettes with thingslike little marline-spikes hanging to the ends of them?
even the liverywas changed, being a plain brown coat, with light blue collar and cuffs.
i was, however, soon made acquainted with what had taken place on myentering the apartment of mr turnbull--his study, as mrs t called it,although mr turnbull insisted upon calling it his cabin, a namecertainly more appropriate, as it contained but two small shelves ofbooks, the remainder of the space being filled up with favouriteharpoons, porpoise skulls, sharks' jaws, corals, several bears' skins,brown and white, and one or two models of the vessels which had belongedto his brother and himself, and which had been employed in the greenlandfishery.
it was, in fact, a sort of museum of all he had collectedduring his voyages.
esquimaux implements, ornaments and dresses, werelying about in corners; and skins of rare animals, killed by himself,such as black foxes, etcetera, were scattered about the carpet.
hissea-chest, full of various articles, was also one of the ornaments ofthe room, much to the annoyance of mrs t, who had frequently exertedher influence to get rid of it, but in vain.
the only articles offurniture were two sofas, a large table in the centre, and three or fourheavy chairs.
the only attempt at adornment consisted in a dozencoloured engravings, framed and glazed, of walrus shooting, etcetera,taken from the folio works of captains cook and mulgrave; and a sketchor two by his brother, such as the state of the _william_ pressed by aniceberg on the morning of the 25th of january, latitude ---, longitude---.
captain t was in his morning-gown, evidently not very well, at least heappeared harassed and pale.
"my dear jacob, this is very kind of you.
i did mean to scold you for not coming before; but i'm too glad to seeyou to find the heart now.
but why have you kept away so long?"
"i have really been very well employed, sir.
stapleton has given me upthe wherry, and i could not neglect his interests, even if i did myown."
"always right, boy; and how are you getting on?"
"i am very happy, sir; very happy, indeed."
"i'm glad to hear it, jacob; may you always be so.
now, take the othersofa, and let us have a long palaver, as the indians say.
i havesomething to tell you.
i suppose you observed a change--heh?"
"yes, sir; i observed that mr mortimer was not visible."
mr mortimer, or john snobbs, the rascal, is at present innewgate for trial: and i mean to send him out on a voyage for the goodof his health.
i caught the scoundrel at last, and i'll show him nomore mercy than i would to a shark that had taken the bait.
but that'snot all.
we have had a regular mutiny and attempt to take the ship fromme; but i have them all in irons, and ordered for punishment.
jacob,money is but too often a curse, depend upon it."
"you'll not find many of your opinion, sir," replied i, laughing.
"perhaps not; because those who have it are content with the importancewhich it gives to them, and won't allow the damnable fact; and becausethose who have it not are always sighing after it, as if it were theonly thing worth looking after in this world.
but now, i will just tellyou what has happened since i last saw you, and then you shall judge."
as, however, captain t's narrative ran to a length of nearly threehours, i shall condense the matter for the information of the reader.
it appeared that mrs t had continued to increase the lengths of herdrives in her carriage, the number of her acquaintances, and hermanifold expenses, until mr t had remonstrated in very strong terms.
his remonstrances did not, however, meet with the attention which he hadexpected; and he found out by accident, moreover, that the money withwhich he had constantly supplied mrs t, to defray her weekly bills, hadbeen otherwise appropriated; and that the bills for the two lastquarters had none of them been paid.
this produced an altercation, anda desire on his part to know in what manner these sums had beendisbursed.
at first the only reply from mrs t, who considered itadvisable to brazen it out, and, if possible, gain the ascendancy whichwas necessary, was a contemptuous toss of her head, which undulated thethree yellow ostrich feathers in her bonnet, as she walked out of theroom and entered her carriage.
this, to mr t, who was a matter-of-factman, was not very satisfactory; he waited perforce until the carriagereturned, and then demanded an explicit answer.
mrs t assumed thehighest ground, talked about fashionable expenses, her knowledge of whatwas due to his character, etcetera.
mr t rejoined about necessaryexpenses, and that it was due to his character to pay his tradesmen'sbills.
mrs t then talked of good-breeding, best society, and her _manyplaisers_, as she termed them; mr t did not know what _many pleasures_meant in french; but he thought she had been indulged in as many as mostwomen since they had come down to this establishment.
but to thequestion: why were not the bills paid, and what had she done with themoney?
spent it in _pin money.
thirty pounds a-week in_pins_!
it would have bought harpoons enough for a three years' voyage.
she must tell the truth.
she wouldn't tell anything, but called for hersalts, and called him a _brute_.
at all events, he wouldn't be called a_fool_.
he gave her till the next morning to consider of it.
the nextmorning the bills were all sent in as requested, and amounted to sixhundred pounds.
they were paid and receipted.
"now, mrs t, will youoblige me by letting me know what you have done with this six hundredpounds?"
mrs t would not--she was not to be treated in that manner.
mr t was not on board a whaler now, to bully and frighten as hepleased.
she would have justice done her.
have a separation, alimony,and a divorce.
she might have them all if she pleased, but she shouldhave no more money; that was certain.
then she would have a fit ofhysterics.
so she did, and lay the whole of the day on the sofa,expecting mr t would pick her up.
but the idea never came into mr t'shead.
he went to bed; and feeling restless, he rose very early, and sawfrom his window a cart drive up to the wall, and the parties who camewith it leap over and enter the house, and return carrying to it twolarge hampers.
he snatched up one of his harpoons, walked out the otherway, and arrived at the cart just as the hampers had been put in, andthey were about to drive off; challenged them, and instead of beinganswered, the horse was flogged, and he nearly run over.
he then letfly his harpoon into the horse, which dropped, and pitched out the twomen on their heads insensible; secured them, called to the lodge forassistance, sent for constables, and gave them in charge.
they provedto be hampers forwarded by mr mortimer, who had been in the habit of sodoing for some time.
these hampers contained his best wine, and variousother articles, which also proved that mr mortimer must have had falsekeys.
leaving the culprits and property in charge of two constables,mr t returned to the house in company with the third constable; thedoor was opened by mr mortimer, who followed him into his study, toldhim he should leave the house directly, had always lived with_gentlemen_ before, and requested that he might have what was due tohim.
mr t thought the request but reasonable, and therefore gave himin charge of the constable.
mr snobbs, rather confounded at suchungentlemanly behaviour, was, with the others, marched off to bowstreet.
mr t sends for the other two servants in livery, and assuresthem that he has no longer any occasion for their services, having theexcessive vulgar idea that this peculation must have been known to them.
pays them their wages, requests they will take off their liveries, andleave the house.
_they_ also had always lived with_gentlemen_ before.
mr t takes the key of the butler's pantry, thatthe plate may not consider him too vulgar to remain in the house, andthen walks to the stables.
horses neigh, as if to say they are allready for their breakfasts; but the door locked.
hails the coachman, noanswer.
returning from the stables, perceives coachee, rather dusty,coming in at the lodge gate; requests to know why he did not sleep athome and take care of his horses.
he was missus's coachman, notmaster's, and could satisfy her, but could not satisfy mr t; who paidhim his wages's and, deducting his liveries, sent him after the others.
coachee also was very glad to go--had always lived with _gentlemen_before.
meets the lady's maid, who tells him mrs t is much too ill tocome down to breakfast.
rather fortunate, as there was no breakfast tobe had.
dresses himself, gets into a pair-horse coach, arrives at thewhite horse cellar, swallows his breakfast, goes to bow street, commitsmr mortimer, _alias_ snobbs, and his confederates for trial.
hires ajob-man to bring the horses up for sale, and leaves his carriage at thecoachmaker's.
obtains a temporary footman, and then mr t returns tohis villa.
a very good morning's work.
finds mrs t up in the parlour,very much surprised and shocked at his conduct--at no mr mortimer--atno servants, and indebted to her own maid for a cup of tea.
morerecriminations--more violence--another threat of alimony, and thecarriage ordered, that she may seek counsel.
no coachman--no carriage--no horses--no nothing, as her maid declares.
mrs t locks herself up inher room, and another day is passed with as little matrimonial comfortas can be expected.
in the meantime, the news flies in every direction.
brentford is fullof it.
mr t had been living too fast--is done up--had been had up atbow street--creditors had poured in with bills--servants discharged--carriage and horses seized.
mrs t, poor creature, in hysterics, andnobody surprised at it; indeed, everybody expected it.
the peters ofpetercumb hall heard it, and shook their heads at the many upstartsthere were in the world.
mr smith requested the right honourable lordviscount babbleton never to mention to his father the right honourablemarquis of spring-guns, that he had ever been taken to see the turnbullsor that he, mr smith, would infallibly lose his situation in _esse_,and his living in _posse_: and monsieur and madame tagliabue were evenmore astounded; but they felt deeply, and resolved to pay a visit thenext morning, at least monsieur tagliabue did, and madame acknowledgedto the propriety of it.
the next morning some little order had been restored; the footman hiredhad been given in charge of a sufficient quantity of plate, the rest hadbeen locked up.
the cook was to stay her month; the housemaid had nowish to leave; and as for the lady's maid, she would remain as long asshe could to console her poor mistress, and accept what she was inclinedto give her in return, in any way of clothes, dresses, etcetera,although, of course, she could not hurt her character by remaining toolong in a family where there was no carriage, or gentlemen out oflivery.
still mr t did obtain some breakfast, and had just finishedwhen monsieur tagliabue was announced, and was received.
monsieur t, i hope madame is better.
madame tagliabue did nothingbut cry all last night when she heard the very bad news about de debt,and all dat."
"very much obliged to madame," replied turnbull, gruffly; "and now, praysir, what may be your pleasure?"
monsieur turnbull, i feel very much for you; but suppose agentleman no lose his _honour_, what matter de money?"
"you see, monsieur turnbull, honour be everything to agentleman.
if a gentleman owe money to one rascally tradesfellow, andnot pay him, dat no great matter; but he always pay de debt of honour.
every gentleman pay dat.
here, monsieur turnbull," (and the littlefrenchman pulled out a piece of paper from his pocket), "be a leetlenote of madame turnbull, which she gave to madame tagliabue, in whichshe acknowledged she owe two hundred pounds for money lost at _ecarte_.
dat you see, monsieur turnbull, be what gentlemen call debt of honour,which every gentleman pay, or else he lose de character, and be calledone blackguard by all the world.
madame tagliabue and i too much fondof you and madame turnbull not to save your character, and so i come byher wish to beg you to settle this leetle note--this _leetle_ debt of_honour_;" and monsieur tagliabue laid the note on the table, with avery polite bow.
mr turnbull examined the note; it was as described by monsieurtagliabue.
so, thought he, now the whole story's out; she has beenswindled out of her money by this rascally french couple.
"now,monsieur tagliabue," said he, "allow me to put a question or two beforei pay this money; and if you answer me sincerely, i shall raise noobjection.
i think mrs t has already lost about six hundred pounds at_ecarte_ before?"
(monsieur t, who presumed that mrs turnbull had madehim acquainted with the fact, answered in the affirmative.)
"and i thinkthat two months ago she never knew what _ecarte_ was."
"dat is true; but the ladies are very quick to learn."
"well, but now, do you think that, as she knew nothing about the game,and you and your wife are well acquainted with it, it was honourable onyour part to allow her to lose so much money!"
monsieur, when a lady say she will play _comment faire_, what canyou do?"
"but why did you never play at this house, monsieur?"
monsieur turnbull, it is for de lady of de house to propose degame."
"very true," replied mr turnbull, writing a cheque for the two hundredpounds; "there is your money, mr tagliabue; and now that you are paid,allow me to observe that i consider you and your wife a couple ofswindlers; and beg that you will never enter my doors again."
"vat you say, sir!
sar, i will havesatisfaction."
"you've got your money--is that sufficient, or do you want anythingelse?"
replied mr t, rising from his chair.
"yes, sar, i do want more--i will have more."
"so you shall, then," replied mr turnbull, kicking him out of the roomalong the passage, and out of the front door.
monsieur tagliabue turned round every now and then, and threatened, andthen tried to escape, as he perceived the upraised boot of mr turnbull.
when fairly out of the house he turned round, "monsieur turnbull, iwill have de satisfaction, de terrible satisfaction, for this.
by god, sar, you shall pay--de money for this."
that evening mr turnbull was summoned to appear at bow street on thefollowing morning for the assault.
he met monsieur tagliabue with hislawyer, and acknowledged that he had kicked him out of his house forswindling his wife, refused all accommodation, and was prepared with hisbail.
monsieur tagliabue stormed and blustered, talked about hisacquaintance with the nobility; but the magistrate had seen too much offoreigners to place much reliance on their asseverations.
"who are you,monsieur?"
"sar, i am a gentleman."
"what profession are you of, sir?"
"sar, a gentleman has no profession."
"but how do you live, monsieur tagliabue?"
"as a gentleman always does, sar."
"you mentioned lord scrope just now as your particular friend, i think?"
"yes, sar, me very intimate with lord scrope; me spend three months atscrope castle with mi lady scrope; mi lady scrope very fond of madametagliabue."
"very well, monsieur tagliabue; we must proceed with another case untilmr turnbull's bail arrives.
sit down for a little while, if youplease."
another case was then heard, which lasted about half-an-hour; butprevious to hearing it, the magistrate, who knew that lord scrope was intown, had despatched a runner with a note to his lordship, and theanswer was now brought back.
the magistrate read it, and smiled; wenton with the other case, and when it was finished, said, "now, m.tagliabue, you have said that you were intimate with lord scrope."
"yes, sar, very intimate."
"well, lord scrope i have the pleasure of knowing: and, as he is intown, i wrote a note to him and here is his answer.
i will read it."
m.  tagliabue turned pale as the magistrate read the following:--  "dear sir--a fellow of the name you mention came from russia with me  as my valet.
i discharged him with dishonesty; after he left, lady  scrope's attendant, who it appeared was, unknown to us, married to  him, left also, and then i discovered the peculations to have been so  extensive that had we known where to have laid hold of him, i should  certainly have brought them before you.
now the affair is forgotten;  but a greater scoundrel never existed;--yours, scrope."
"now, sir, what have you to say for yourself?"
continued the magistratein a severe tone.
m.  tagliabue fell on his knees and begged for mercyfrom the magistrate, from lord scrope, and lastly, from mr turnbull, towhom he proffered the draft for 200 pounds.
the magistrate, seeing thatmr turnbull did not take it, said to him, "make no ceremony of takingyour money back again, mr turnbull; the very offer of it proves that hehas gained it dishonestly; and 600 pounds is quite enough to have lost."
mr turnbull then took the cheque and tore it in pieces, and themagistrate ordered m.  tagliabue to be taken to the alien office, and hewas sent to the other side of the channel, in company with his wife, toplay _ecarte_ with whomsoever he pleased.
thus ended the episode ofmonsieur tagliabue.
mr. turnbull finds out that money, though a necessary evil, is not asource of happiness--the dominie finds out that a little calumny is moreeffectual than ovid's remedy for love; and i find out that walking givesone a good appetite for fillet of veal and bacon--i set an example tothe clergy in refusing to take money for a seat in church.
"and now you see, jacob, what a revolution has taken place; not verypleasant, i grant, but still it was very necessary.
i have since beenpaying all my bills, for the report of my being in difficulty hasbrought them in fast enough; and i find that in these last five monthsmy wife has spent a whole year's income; so it was quite time to stop."
"i agree with you, sir; but what does mrs turnbull say now--has shecome to her senses?"
"pretty well, i expect, although she does not quite choose toacknowledge it.
i have told her that she must dispense with a carriagein future; and so she shall, till i think she deserves it.
she knowsthat she must either have _my company_ in the house, or none at all.
she knows that the peters of petercumb hall have cut her, for they didnot answer a note of hers, sent by the gardener; and mr smith haswritten a very violent answer to another of her notes, wondering at herattempting to push herself into the company of the aristocracy.
butwhat has brought her to her senses more than all is the affair ofmonsieur tagliabue.
the magistrate, at my request, gave me the note oflord scrope, and i have taken good care that she could read the policereport as well; but the fact is, she is so much mortified that i saynothing to her.
she has been following the advice of these frenchswindlers, who have led her wrong, to be able to cheat her of her money.
i expect she will ask me to sell this place, and go elsewhere; but atpresent we hardly exchange a word during the whole day."
"i feel very sorry for her, sir; for i really believe her to be a verygood kind-hearted person."
"that's like you, jacob--and so she is.
at present she is in a state tobe pitied.
she would throw a share of the blame upon other people, andcannot--she feels it is all herself.
all her bubbles of grandeur haveburst, and she finds herself not half so respectable as she was beforeher vanity induced her to cut her former acquaintance, and try to getinto the society of those who laughed at her, and at the same time werenot half so creditable.
but it's that cursed money which has proved herunhappiness--and, i may add, mine."
"well, sir, i see no chance of its ever adding to my misfortunes, at allevents."
"perhaps not, jacob, even if you ever should get any; but, at allevents, you may take a little to-morrow, if you please.
i cannot askyou to dine here; it would not be pleasant to you, and show a want offeeling to my wife; but i should like you to come up with the wherryto-morrow, and we'll take a cruise."
"very well, i shall be at your orders--at what time?"
"say ten o'clock if the weather is fine; if not the next day."
"then, sir, i'll now wish you good-bye, as i must go and see thedominie."
mr turnbull took my hand, and we parted.
i was soon at brentford, andwas continuing my course through the long, main street, when i met mrand mrs tomkins, the former head clerk who had charge of the brentfordwharf.
"i was intending to call upon you, sir, after i had paid a visitto my old master."
"very well, jacob; and recollect we dine at half-past three--fillet ofveal and bacon--don't be late for dinner."
i promised that i would not, and in a few minutes more arrived at thegrammar school.
i looked at its peaked, antiquated front, and called tomind my feelings when, years back, i had first entered its porch.
whata difference between the little uncouth, ignorant, savage, tricked outlike a harlequin, and now the tall, athletic, well-dressed youth, happyin his independence, and conscious, although not vain, of hisacquirements!
and i mentally blessed the founders.
but i had to talk tothe dominie, and to keep my appointment with the veal and bacon athalf-past three, so i could not spare any time for meditation.
i,therefore, unfolded my arms, and making use of my legs, entered thewicket, and proceeded to the dominie's room.
the door was ajar, and ientered without being perceived.
i have often been reminded, by flemishpaintings which i have seen since, of the picture which then presenteditself.
the room was not large, but lofty.
it had but one window,fitted with small diamond-shaped panes in heavy wood-work, through whichpoured a broad, but subdued, stream of light.
on one side of the windowwas an ancient armoire, containing the dominie's library, not gilt andlettered but well thumbed and worn.
on the other his huge chest ofdrawers, on which lay, alas!
for the benefit of the rising generations,a new birch rod, of large dimensions.
the table was in the centre ofthe room, and the dominie sat at it, with his back to the window, in adressing-gown, once black, having been a cassock, but now brown withage.
he was on his high and narrow-backed chair, leaning forwards, withboth elbows on the table, his spectacles on his luxuriant nose, and hishands nearly meeting on the top of his bald crown, earnestly poring overthe contents of a book.
a large bible, which he constantly made use of,was also on the table, and had apparently been shoved from him to giveplace to the present object of his meditations.
his pipe lay on thefloor in two pieces, having been thrown off without his perceiving it.
on one side of him was a sheet of paper, on which he evidently had beenwriting extracts.
i passed by him without his perceiving me, andgaining the back of his chair, looked over his shoulder.
the work hewas so intent upon was "ovid's remedy of love."
it appeared that he had nearly finished reading through the whole, forin less than a minute he closed the book, and laying his spectaclesdown, threw himself back in his chair.
"strange," soliloquised thedominie; "yet, verily, is some of his advice important, and i shouldimagine commendable, yet i do not find my remedy therein.
`_avoididleness_'--yes, that is sage counsel--and employment to one that hathnot employed himself may drive away thought; but i have never been idle,and mine hath not been love in idleness; `_avoid her presence_'--that imust do; yet doth she still present herself to mine imagination, and idoubt whether the tangible reality could be more clearly perceptible.
even now doth she stand before me in all her beauty.
`_read notpropertius and tibullus_'--that is easily refrained from; but read whati will, in a minute the type passeth from my eyes, and i see but herface beaming from the page.
nay, cast my eyes in what direction i maywist, it is the same.
if i looked at the stained wall, the indistinctlines gradually form themselves into her profile; if i look at theclouds, they will assume some of the redundant outlines of her form; ifi cast mine eyes upon the fire in the kitchen-grate, the coals will glowand cool until i see her face; nay, but yesterday, the shoulder ofmutton upon the spit gyrated until it at last assumed the decapitatedhead of mary.
`_think of her faults and magnify them_'--nay, that wereunjust and unchristian.
let me rather correct mine own.
i fear me thatwhen ovid wrote his picture he intended it for the use of young men, andnot for an old fool like me.
i have again broken my pipe--thefourth pipe that i have destroyed this week.
what will the dame say?
already hath she declared me demented, and god knows she is not very farfrom the truth;" and the dominie covered up his face in his hands.
itook this opportunity to step to the door, and appear to enter it,dropping the latch, and rousing the dominie by the noise, who extendedto me his hand.
"welcome, my son--welcome to thine old preceptor; andto the walls which first received thee, when thou wert cast on shore asa tangle weed from the river.
sit, jacob; i was thinking of thee andthine."
of old stapleton and his daughter, i suppose."
"even so; ye were all in my thoughts at the moment that thou madest thyappearance.
they are well?"
"yes, sir," replied i.
"i see but little of them; the old man is alwayssmoking, and as for the girl--why, the less one sees of her the better,i should say."
"nay, jacob, this is new to me; yet is she most pleasant."
i knew the dominie's character, and that if anything could cure hisunfortunate passion, it would be a supposition on his part that the girlwas not correct.
i determined at all events to depreciate her, as iknew that what i said would never be mentioned by him, and wouldtherefore do her no harm.
still, i felt that i had to play a difficultgame, as i was determined not to state what was not the fact.
"pleasant, sir; yes, pleasant to everybody; the fact is; i don't likesuch girls as she is."
"indeed, jacob; what, is she light?"
i smiled and made no answer.
"yeti perceived it not," replied the dominie.
"she is just like her mother," observed i.
"and what was her mother?"
i gave a brief account of her mother, and how she met her death intrying to escape from her husband.
the dominie mused.
"little skilledam i in women, jacob, yet what thou sayest not only surpriseth butgrieveth me.
she is fair to look upon."
"handsome is that handsome does, sir.
she'll make many a man's heartache yet, i expect."
i am full of marvel at what thou hast already told me."
"i have seen more of her, sir."
"i pray thee tell me more."
"no, sir, i had rather not.
you may imagine all you please."
"still she is young, jacob; when she becometh a wife she might alter."
"sir, it is my firm opinion (and so it was), that if you were to marryher to-morrow, she would run away from you in a week."
"is that thy candid opinion, jacob?"
"i will stake my life upon her so doing, although not as to the exacttime."
"jacob, i thank thee--thank thee much; thou hast opened mine eyes--thouhast done me more good than ovid.
yes, boy; even the ancients, whom ihave venerated, have not done me so kind an act as thou, a stripling,whom i have fostered.
thou hast repaid me, jacob--thou hast rewardedme, jacob--thou hast protected me, jacob--thou hast saved me, jacob--hast saved me both from myself and from her; for know, jacob--know--thatmine heart did yearn towards that maiden; and i thought her even to beperfection.
jacob, i thank thee!
now leave me, jacob, that i maycommune with myself, and search out my own heart, for i am awakened--awakened as from a dream, and i would fain be quite alone."
i was not sorry to leave the dominie, for i also felt that i would fainbe in company with the fillet of veal and bacon, so i shook hands, andthus ended my second morning call.
i was in good time at mr tomkins',who received me with great kindness.
he was well pleased with his newsituation, which was one of respectability and consequence,independently of profit; and i met at his table one or two people who,to my knowledge, would have considered it degrading to have visited himwhen only head clerk to mr drummond.
we talked over old affairs, notforgetting the ball, and the illuminations, and mr turnbull's _bon mot_about paradise; and after a very pleasant evening; i took my leave withthe intention of walking back to fulham, but i found old tom waitingoutside, on the look-out for me.
"jacob, my boy, i want you to come down to my old shop one of thesedays.
what day will you be able to come?
the lighter will be here fora fortnight at least, i find from mr tomkins, as she waits for a cargocoming by canal, and there is no other craft expected above bridge, sotell me what day will you come and see the old woman, and spend thewhole day with us.
i wants to talk a bit with you, and ax your opinionabout a good many little things."
replied i, smiling.
"what, are you going to build a newhouse?"
"no, no--not that; but you see, jacob, as i told you last winter, it wastime for me to give up night work up and down the river.
i'm not soyoung as i was about fifty years ago, and there's a time for all things.
i do mean to give up the craft in the autumn, and go on shore for a_full due_; but, at the same time, i must see how i can make mattersout, so tell me what day you will come."
"well, then, shall we say wednesday?"
"wednesday's as good a day as any other day; come to breakfast, and youshall go away after supper, if you like; if not, the old woman shallsling a hammock for you."
"agreed, then; but where's tom?"
"tom, i don't know; but i think he's gone after that daughter ofstapleton's.
he begins to think of the girls now, jacob; but, as theold buffer, her father, says, `it's all human natur'.'
howsomever, inever interferes in these matters: they seem to be pretty well matched,i think."
"how do you mean?"
"why, as for good looks, they be well enough matched, that's sure; but idon't mean that, i mean, he is quite as knowing as she is, and willshift his helm as she shifts hers.
'twill be a long running fight, andwhen one strikes, t'other won't have much to boast of.
perhaps they maysheer off after all--perhaps they may sail as consorts; god only knows;but this i knows, that tom's sweetheart may be as tricky as she pleases,but tom's wife won't be--'cause why?
he'll keep her in order.
well,good-night; i have a long walk."
when i returned home i found mary alone.
"has tom been here?"
"what makes you ask that question?"
"to have it answered--if you have no objection."
well, then, mr jacob, tom has been here, and very amusing hehas been."
"so he always is," replied i.
"and where may you have been?"
i told her.
"so you saw old dominie.
now, tell me, what did he say about me?"
"that i shall not tell," replied i; "but i will tell you this, that hewill not think about you any more; and you must not expect ever to seehim again."
"but recollect that he promised."
"he kept his promise, mary."
"oh, he told you so, did he?
did he tell you all that passed?"
"no, mary, he never told me that he had been here, neither did he tellme what had passed; but i happen to know all."
"i cannot understand that."
"still, it is true; and i think, on the whole, you behaved pretty well,although i cannot understand why you gave him a kiss at parting."
where were you?
you must have been in the room.
and youheard every word that passed?"
"every word," replied i.
"well," said mary, "i could not have believed that you could have doneso mean a thing."
"mary, rather accuse your own imprudence; what i heard was to be heardby everyone in the street as well as by me.
if you choose to have lovescenes in a room not eight feet from the ground, with the window wideopen, you must not be surprised at every passer-by hearing what yousay."
"well, that's true.
i never thought of the window being open; not thati would have cared if all the world had heard me, if _you_ had not."
it never occurred to me till then why mary was annoyed at my havingoverheard her, but at once i recollected what she had said about me.
imade no answer.
mary sat down, leaned her forehead against her hands,and was also silent.
i, therefore, took my candle and retired.
itappeared that mary's pride was much mortified at my having heard herconfession of being partial to me--a confession which certainly madevery little impression on me, as i considered that she might, a monthafterwards, confess the same relative to tom, or any other individualwho took her fancy; but in this i did not do her justice.
her mannerswere afterwards much changed towards me; she always appeared to avoid,rather than to seek, further intimacy.
as for myself, i continued, asbefore, very good friends, kind towards her, but nothing more.
the nextmorning i was up at mr turnbull's by the time agreed upon, but before iset off rather a singular occurrence took place.
i had just finishedcleaning my boat, and had resumed my jacket, when a dark man, from someforeign country, came to the hard with a bundle under his arm.
"how much for to go to the other side of the river--how much pence?"
"twopence," replied i; but not caring to take him, i continued, "but youonly pay one penny to cross the bridge."
"i know very well, but suppose you take me?"
he was a well-looking, not very dark man; his turban was of colouredcloth--his trousers not very wide; and i could not comprehend whether hewas a turk or not; i afterwards found out he was a parsee, from the eastindies.
he spoke very plain english.
as he decided upon crossing, ireceived him, and shoved off; when we were in the middle of the stream,he requested me to pull a little way up.
"that will do," said he,opening his bundle, and spreading a carpet on the stern flooring of thewherry.
he then rose, looking at the sun, which was then rising in allits majesty, bowed to it, with his hands raised, three times, then knelton the carpet, and touched it several times with his forehead, againrose to his feet, took some common field flowers from his vest, and castthem into the stream, bowed again, folded up his carpet, and begged meto pull on shore.
"i say my prayers," said the man, looking at me with his dark, piercingeye.
"very proper; whom did you say them to?"
"to my god."
"but why don't you say them on shore?"
"can't see sun in the house; suppose i go out little boys laugh andthrow mud.
where no am seen, river very proper place."
we landed, and he took out threepence, and offered it to me.
"no, no,"said i; "i don't want you to pay for saying your prayers."
"no take money?"
"yes, take money to cross the river, but not take money for sayingprayers.
if you want to say them any other morning, come down, and if iam here, i'll always pull you into the stream."
"you very good man; i thank you."
the parsee made me a low salaam, and walked away.
i may here observethat the man generally came down at sunrise two or three days in theweek, and i invariably gave him a pull off into the stream, that hemight pursue his religious ceremony.
we often conversed and at lastbecame intimate.
mr turnbull was at the bottom of the lawn, which extended from hishouse to the banks of the river, looking out for me, when i pulled up.
the basket with our dinner, etcetera, was lying by him on the gravelwalk.
"this is a lovely morning, jacob; but it will be rather a warm day, iexpect," said he; "come, let us be off at once; lay in your sculls, andlet us get the oars to pass."
"how is mrs turnbull, sir?"
"pretty well, jacob; more like the molly brown that i married than shehas been for some years.
perhaps, after all, this affair may turn outone of the best things that ever happened.
it may bring her to hersenses--bring happiness back to our hearth; if so, jacob, the money iswell spent."
mr. turnbull and i go on a party of pleasure--it turns out to be anadventure, and winds up with a blunderbuss, a tin-box, and a lady'scloak.
we pulled leisurely up the stream, talking, and every now and thenresting on our oars to take breath; for, as the old captain said, "whyshould we make a toil of pleasure?
i like the upper part of the riverbest, jacob, because the water is clear, and i love clear water.
howmany hours have i, when a boy on board ship, hung over the gunwale of aboat, lowered down in a calm, and watch the little floating objects inthe dark blue unfathomable water beneath me; objects of all sizes, ofall colours, and of all shapes--all of them beautiful and to be admired;yet of them, perhaps, not one in a hundred millions ever meet the eye ofman.
you know, jacob, that the north seas are full of these animals--you cannot imagine the quantity of them; the sailors call them blubbers,because they are composed of a sort of transparent jelly but the realname i am told is medusae, that is the learned name.
the whale feeds onthem, and that is the reason why the whale is found where they are."
"i should like very much to go a voyage to the whale fishery," repliedi; "i've heard so much about it from you."
"it is a stirring life, and a hard life, jacob; still it is an excitingone.
some voyages will turn out very pleasant, but others are dreadful,from their anxiety.
if the weather continues fine, it is all very well;but sometimes when there is a continuance of bad weather, it isdreadful.
i recollect one voyage which made me show more grey hairsthan all the others, and i think i have been twenty-two in all.
we werein the drift ice, forcing our way to the northward, when it came on toblow--the sea rose, and after a week's gale it was tremendous.
we hadlittle daylight, and when it was daylight, the fog was so thick that wecould see but little; there we were tossing among the large drift ice,meeting immense icebergs which bore down with all the force of the gale,and each time we narrowly escaped perishing: the rigging was loaded withice; the bows of the ship were cased with it; the men were more thanhalf frozen, and we could not move a rope through a block withoutpouring boiling water through it first, to clear it out.
but then thelong, dreary, dreadful nights, when we were rising on the mountain wave,and then pitching down into the trough, not knowing but that at eachsend we might strike upon the ice below, and go to the bottomimmediately afterwards.
all pitchy dark--the wind howling, and as itstruck you, cutting you to the back-bone with its cold, searching power,the waves dancing all black around you, and every now and thenperceiving by its white colour and the foam encircling it a huge mass ofice borne upon you, and hurled against you as if there were a demon, whowas using it as an engine for your destruction.
i never shall forgetthe _turning_ of an iceberg during the dreadful gale which lasted for amonth and three days."
"i don't know what that means, sir."
"why, you must know, jacob, that the icebergs are all fresh water, andare supposed to have been detached from the land by the force of theweather and other causes.
now, although ice floats, yet it floats deep:that is, if an iceberg is five hundred feet high above the water, it isgenerally six times as deep below the water--do you understand?"
"now, jacob, the water is much warmer than the air, and in consequence,the ice under the water melts away much faster; so that if the iceberghas been some time afloat, at last the part that is below is not soheavy as that which is above; then it turns, that is, it upsets andfloats in another position."
"i understand you, sir."
"well, we were close to an iceberg, which was to windward of us, a verytall one, indeed, and we reckoned that we should get clear of it, for wewere carrying a press of sail to effect it.
still, all hands wereeagerly watching the iceberg, as it came down very fast before thestorm.
all of a sudden it blew twice as hard as before, and then one ofthe men shouted out--`_turning, turning_!'
--and sure enough it was.
there was its towering summit gradually bowing towards us, until italmost appeared as if the peak was over our heads.
our fate appearedinevitable, as the whole mountain of ice was descending on the vessel,and would, of course, have crushed us into atoms.
we all fell on ourknees, praying mentally, and watching its awful descent; even the man atthe helm did the same, although he did not let go the spokes of thewheel.
it had nearly half turned over, right for us, when the icebelow, being heavier on one side than on the other, gave it a moreslanting impetus, and shifting the direction of its fall, it plungedinto the sea about a cable's length astern of us, throwing up the waterto the heavens in foam, and blinding us all with the violence with whichit dashed into our faces.
for a minute the run of the waves waschecked, and the sea appeared to boil and dance, throwing up peaked,pointed masses of water in all directions, one sinking, another rising,the ship rocked and reeled as if she were drunk; even the current of thegale was checked for a moment, and the heavy sails flapped and clearedthemselves of their icy varnishing--then all was over.
there was aniceberg of another shape astern of us, the gale recommenced, the wavespressed each other on as before, and we felt the return of the gale,awful as it was, as a reprieve.
that was a dreadful voyage, jacob, andturned one-third of my hair grey; and what made it worse was, that wehad only three fish on board on our return.
however, we had reason tobe thankful, for eighteen of our vessels were lost altogether, and itwas the mercy of god that we were not among the number."
"well, i suppose you told me that story to prevent my going a voyage?"
"not a bit, jacob; if it should chance that you find it your interest togo to the north pole, or anywhere else, i would say go, by all means;let neither difficulty nor danger deter you; but do not go merely fromcuriosity; that i consider foolish.
it's all very well for those whocome back to have the satisfaction to talk of such things, and it is butfair that they should have it; but when you consider how many there arewho never come back at all, why, then, it's very foolish to pushyourself into needless danger and privation.
you are amused with myrecollections of arctic voyages; but just call to mind how many years ofhardship, of danger, cold, and starvation i have undergone to collectall these anecdotes, and then judge whether it be worth any man's whileto go for the sake of mere curiosity."
i then amused mr turnbull with the description of the picnic party,which lasted until we had pulled far beyond kew bridge.
we thrust thebow of the wherry into a bunch of sedges, and then we sat down to ourmeal, surrounded by hundreds of blue dragon-flies, that flitted about asif to inquire what we meant by intruding upon their domiciles.
wecontinued there chatting and amusing ourselves till it was late, andthen shoved off and pulled down with the stream.
the sun had set, andwe had yet six or seven miles to return to mr turnbull's house, when weperceived a slight, handsome young man in a skiff, who pulled towardsus.
"i say, my lads," said he, taking us both for watermen, "have you a mindto earn a couple of guineas with very little trouble?"
"oh, yes," replied mr turnbull, "if you can show us how.
a fine chancefor you, jacob," continued he, aside.
"well, then, i shall want your services, perhaps, for not more than anhour; it may be a little longer, as there is a lady in question, and wemay have to wait.
all i ask is, that you pull well and do your best.
are you agreed?"
we consented; and he requested us to follow him, and then pulled for theshore.
"this is to be an adventure, sir," said i.
"so it seems," replied mr turnbull; "all the better.
i'm old now, buti'm fond of a spree."
the gentleman pulled into a little boat-house by the river's side,belonging to one of the villas on the bank, made fast his boat, and thenstepped into ours.
"now, we've plenty of time; just pull quietly for the present."
wecontinued down the river, and after we had passed kew bridge, hedirected us in shore, on the right side, till we came to a gardensweeping down to the river from a cottage _ornee_, of large dimensions,about fifty yards from the bank.
the water was up to the brick-wall,which rose from the river about four or five feet.
"that will do,st---, st---, not a word," said he, rising in the stern sheets, andlooking over.
after a minute or two reconnoitring, he climbed from theboat on to the parapet of the wall, and whistled two bars of an airwhich i had till then never heard.
all was silent.
he crouched behinda lilac bush, and in a minute he repeated the same air in a whistle asbefore; still there was no appearance of movement at the cottage.
hecontinued at intervals to whistle the portion of the air, and at last alight appeared at an upper window: it was removed, and re-appeared threetimes.
"be ready now, my lads," said he.
in about two minutesafterwards, a female, in a cloak, appeared, coming down the lawn, with abox in her hand, panting with excitement.
"oh, william, i heard your first signal, but i could not get into myuncle's room for the box; at last he went out, and here it is."
the gentleman seized the box from her, and handed it to us in the boat.
"take great care of that, my lads," said he; "and now, cecilia, we haveno time to lose; the sooner you are in the boat the better."
"how am i to get down there, william?"
"oh, nothing more easy.
stop, throw your cloak into the boat, and thenall you have to do is, first to get upon the top of the wall, and thentrust to the watermen below and to me above for helping you."
it was not, however, quite so easy a matter; the wall was four feet highabove the boat, and moreover, there was a trellised work of iron, abovea foot high, which ran along the wall.
still, she made every effort onher own part, and we considered that we had arranged so as to conquerthe difficulty, when the young lady gave a scream.
we looked up andbeheld a third party on the wall.
it was a stout, tall, elderly man, asfar as we could perceive in the dark, who immediately seized hold of thelady by the arm, and was dragging her away.
this was resisted by theyoung gentleman, and the lady was relinquished by the other, to defendhimself; at the same time that he called out--"help, help!
"shall i go to his assistance?"
said i to mr turnbull.
"one must stayin the boat."
"jump up, then, jacob, for i never could get up that wall."
i was up in a moment, and gaining my feet, was about to spring to thehelp of the young man, when four servants, with lights and with arms intheir hands, made their appearance, hastening down the lawn.
the ladyhad fainted on the grass; the elderly gentleman and his antagonist weredown together, but the elderly gentleman had the mastery, for he wasuppermost.
perceiving the assistance coming, he called out "look to thewatermen, secure them."
i perceived that not a moment was to be lost.
i could be of no service, and mr turnbull might be in an awkwardscrape.
i sprang into the boat, shoved off, and we were in the streamand at thirty yards' distance before they looked over the wall to seewhere we were.
"stop, in that boat!
"fire, if they don't," cried their master.
we pulled as hard as we could.
a musquetoon was discharged, but theshot dropped short; the only person who fell was the man who fired it.
to see us he had stood upon the coping bricks of the wall, and therecoil tumbled him over into the river: we saw him fall, and heard thesplash; but we pulled on as hard as we could, and in a few minutes thescene of action was far behind us.
we then struck across to the otherside of the river, and when we had gained close to the shore we tookbreath.
"well," said mr turnbull, "this is a spree i little looked for; to havea blunderbuss full of shot sent after me."
"no," replied i, laughing, "that's carrying the joke rather too far onthe river thames."
"well, but what a pretty mess we are in: here we have property belongingto god knows whom; and what are we to do with it?"
"i think, sir, the best thing we can do is, for you to land at your ownhouse with the property, and take care of it until we find out what allthis is about; and i will continue on with the sculls to the hard.
ishall hear or find out something about it in a day or two; they maystill follow up the pursuit and trace us."
"the advice is good," replied mr turnbull, "and the sooner we cut overagain the better, for we are nearly abreast of my place."
we did so.
mr turnbull landed in his garden, taking with him thetin-box (it was what they call a deed-box) and the lady's cloak.
i didnot wait, but boating the oars, took my sculls and pulled down to fulhamas fast as i could.
i had arrived, and was pulling gently in, not toinjure the other boats, when a man with a lantern came into the wherry.
"have you anything in your boat, my man?"
"nothing, sir,"replied i.  the man examined the boat, and was satisfied.
"tell me, did you see a boat with two men in it as you came along?"
"no, sir," replied i, "nothing has passed me."
"where do you come from now?"
"from a gentleman's place near brentford."
oh, then, you were far below them.
they are not down yet."
"have you a job for me, sir?"
said i, not wishing to appear anxious togo away.
"no, my man, no; nothing to-night.
we are on the lookout, but we havetwo boats in the stream, and a man at each landing-place."
i made fast my boat, shouldered my oars and sculls, and departed, not atall sorry to get away.
it appeared that as soon as it was ascertainedthat we were not to be stopped by being fired at, they saddled horses,and the distance by the road being so much shorter, had, by galloping ashard as they could, arrived at fulham some ten minutes before me.
itwas, therefore, most fortunate that the box had been landed, or i shouldhave been discovered.
that the contents were of value was evident, fromthe anxiety to secure them; but the mystery was still to be solved.
iwas quite tired with exertion and excitement when i arrived atstapleton's.
mary was there to give me my supper, which i ate insilence, complained of a headache, and went to bed.
the waterman turns water-knight--i become chivalrous, see a beautifulface, and go with the stream--the adventure seems to promise more lawthan love, there being papers in the case that is, in a tin-box.
that night i dreamed of nothing but the scene, over and over again, andthe two bars of music were constantly ringing in my ears.
as soon as ihad breakfasted the next morning i set off to mr turnbull's, and toldhim what had occurred.
"it was indeed fortunate that the box was landed," said he, "or youmight have now been in prison; i wish i had had nothing to do with it;but, as you say, `what's done can't be helped;' i will not give up thebox, at all events, until i know which party is entitled to it, and icannot help thinking that the lady is.
but, jacob, you will have toreconnoitre, and find out what this story is.
tell me, do you think youcould remember the tune which he whistled so often?"
"it has been running in my head the whole night, and i have been tryingit all the way as i pulled here.
i think i have it exact.
--i whistled the two bars.
"quite correct, jacob, quite correct; well, take care not to forgetthem.
where are you going to-day?"
"suppose, then, you pull up the river, and find out the place where welanded, and when you have ascertained that, you can go on and seewhether the young man is with the skiff; at all events you may find outsomething--but pray be cautious."
i promised to be very careful, and departed on my errand, which iundertook with much pleasure, for i was delighted with anything likeadventure.
i pulled up the river, and in about an hour and a-quarter,came abreast of the spot.
i recognised the cottage _ornee_, the parapetwall, even the spot where we lay, and perceived that several bricks weredetached and had fallen into the river.
there appeared to be no onestirring in the house, yet i continued to pull up and down, looking atthe windows; at last one opened, and a young lady looked out, who, i waspersuaded, was the same that we had seen the night before.
there was nowind, and all was quiet around.
she sat at the window, leaning her headon her hand.
i whistled the two bars of the air.
at the first bar shestarted up, and looked earnestly at me as i completed the second.
ilooked up; she waved her handkerchief once, and then shut the window.
in a few seconds she made her appearance on the lawn, walking downtowards the river.
i immediately pulled in under the wall.
i laid inmy sculls, and held on, standing up in the boat.
"who are you?
and who sent you?"
said she, looking down on me, anddiscovering one of the most beautiful faces i had ever beheld.
"no one sent me ma'am," replied i, "but i was in the boat last night.
iam sorry you were so unfortunate, but your box and cloak are quitesafe."
"you were one of the men in the boat.
i trust no one was hurt when theyfired at you?"
"and where is the box?"
"in the house of the person who was with me."
"can he be trusted?
for they will offer large rewards for it."
"i should think so, ma'am," replied i, smiling; "the person who was withme is a gentleman of large fortune, who was amusing himself on theriver.
he desires me to say that he will not give up the box until heknows to whom the contents legally belong."
"good heavens, how fortunate!
am i to believe you?"
"i should hope so, ma'am."
"and what are you, then?
you are not a waterman?"
"yes, ma'am, i am."
she paused, looked earnestly at me for a little while, and thencontinued, "how did you learn the air you whistled?"
"the young gentleman whistled it six or seven times last night beforeyou came.
i tried it this morning coming up, as i thought it would bethe means of attracting your attention.
can i be of any service to you,ma'am?"
"service--yes, if i could be sure you were to be trusted--of thegreatest service.
i am confined here--cannot send a letter--watched asi move--only allowed the garden, and even watched while i walk here.
they are most of them in quest of the tin box to-day, or i should not beable to talk to you so long."
she looked round at the house anxiously,and then said, "stop here a minute, while i walk a little."
she thenretreated, and paced up and down the garden walk.
i still remainedunder the wall, so as not to be perceived from the house.
in aboutthree or four minutes she returned and said, "it would be very cruel--itwould be more than cruel--it would be very wicked of you to deceive me,for i am very unfortunate and very unhappy."
the tears started in hereyes.
"you do not look as if you would.
what is your name?"
"jacob faithful, ma'am, and i will be true to my name, if you will putyour trust in me.
i never deceived any one that i can recollect; andi'm sure i would not you--now that i've seen you."
"yes, but money will seduce everybody."
"not me, ma'am.
i've as much as i wish for."
"well, then, i will trust you, and think you sent from heaven to my aid;but how am i to see you?
to-morrow my uncle will be back, and then ishall not be able to speak to you one moment, and if seen to speak toyou, you will be laid in wait for, and perhaps shot."
"well, ma'am," replied i, after a pause, "if you cannot speak, you canwrite.
you see that the bricks on the parapet are loose here.
put yourletter under this brick--i can take it away even in day-time, withoutbeing noticed, and can put the answer in the same place, so that you cansecure it when you come out."
"how very clever!
good heavens, what an excellent idea!"
"was the young gentleman hurt, ma'am, in the scuffle last night?"
"no, i believe not much, but i wish to know where he is, to write tohim; could you find out?"
i told her where we had met him, and what hadpassed.
"that was lady auburn's," replied she; "he is often there--sheis our cousin but i don't know where he lives, and how to find him iknow not.
his name is william wharncliffe.
do you think you could findhim out?"
"yes, ma'am, with a little trouble it might be done.
they ought to knowwhere he is at lady auburn's."
"yes, some of the servants might--but how will you get to them?"
"that, ma'am, i must find out.
it may not be done in one day, or twodays, but if you will look every morning under this brick, if there isanything to communicate you will find it there."
"you can write and read, then?"
"i should hope so, ma'am," replied i, laughing.
"i don't know what to make of you.
are you really a waterman?"
"really, and--" she turned her head round at the noise of a windowopening.
"you must go--don't forget the brick;" and she disappeared.
i shoved my wherry along by the side of the wall, so as to remainunperceived until i was clear of the frontage attached to the cottage;and then, taking my sculls, pulled into the stream; and as i wasresolved to see if i could obtain any information at lady auburn's, ihad to pass the garden again, having shoved my boat down the riverinstead of up, when i was under the wall.
i perceived the young ladywalking with a tall man by her side; he speaking very energetically, andusing much gesticulation, she holding down her head.
in another minutethey were shut out from my sight.
i was so much stricken with thebeauty and sweetness of expression in the young lady's countenance thati was resolved to use my best exertions to be of service to her.
inabout an hour-and-a-half i had arrived at the villa, abreast of which wehad met the young gentleman, and which the young lady had told mebelonged to lady auburn.
i could see no one in the grounds, nor indeedin the house.
after watching a few minutes, i landed as near to thevilla as i could, made fast the wherry, and walked round to theentrance.
there was no lodge, but a servant's door at one side.
ipulled the bell, having made up my mind how to proceed as i was walkingup.
the bell was answered by an old woman, who, in a snarling tone,asked me "what did i want?"
"i am waiting below, with my boat, for mr wharncliffe; has he comeyet?"
no--he's not come; nor did he say that he would come;when did you see him?"
is lady auburn at home?"
"lady auburn--no; she went to town this morning; everybody goes tolondon now, that they may not see the flowers and green trees, isuppose."
"but i suppose mr wharncliffe will come," continued i, "so i must waitfor him."
"you can do just as you like," replied the old woman, about to shut thegate in my face.
"may i request a favour of you, ma'am, before you shut the gate--whichis, to bring me a little water to drink, for the sun is hot, and i havehad a long pull up here;" and i took out my handkerchief and wiped myface.
"yes, i'll fetch you some," replied she, shutting the gate and goingaway.
"this don't seem to answer very well," thought i to myself.
the oldwoman returned, opened the gate, and handed me a mug of water.
i dranksome, thanked her, and returned the mug.
"i am very tired," said i; "i should like to sit down and wait for thegentleman."
"don't you sit down when you pull?"
inquired the old woman.
"yes," replied i.
"then you must be tired of sitting, i should think, not of standing; atall events, if you want to sit, you can sit in your boat, and mind it atthe same time."
with this observation she shut the door upon me, andleft me without any more comment.
after this decided repulse on the part of the old woman, i had nothingto do but take her advice--viz., to go and look after my boat.
i pulleddown to mr turnbull's, and told him my good and bad fortune.
it beinglate, he ordered me some dinner in his study, and we sat therecanvassing over the affair.
"well," said he, as we finished, "you mustallow me to consider this as my affair, jacob, as i was the occasion ofour getting mixed up in it.
you must do all that you can to find thisyoung man, and i shall hire stapleton's boat by the day until wesucceed; you need not tell him so, or he may be anxious to know why.
to-morrow you go down to old beazeley's?"
"yes, sir; you cannot hire me to-morrow."
"still i shall, as i want to see you to-morrow morning before you go.
here's stapleton's money for yesterday and to-day and now good-night."
i was at mr turnbull's early the next morning, and found him with thenewspapers before him.
"i expected this, jacob," said he; "read thatadvertisement."
i read as follows:--"whereas, on friday night last,between the hours of nine and ten, a tin box, containing deeds andpapers, was handed into a wherry from the grounds of a villa betweenbrentford and kew, and the parties who owned it were prevented fromaccompanying the same.
this is to give notice, that a reward of twentypounds will be paid to the watermen, upon their delivering up the sameto messrs. james and john white, of number 14 lincoln's inn fields.
asno other parties are authorised to receive the said tin box of papers,all other applications for it must be disregarded.
an early attentionto this advertisement will oblige."
"there must be papers of no little consequence in that box, jacob,depend upon it," said mr turnbull; "however, here they are, and herethey shall remain until i know more about it; that's certain.
i intendto try what i can do myself with the old woman, for i perceive the villais to be let for three months--here is the advertisement in the lastcolumn.
i shall go to town to-day, and obtain a ticket from the agent,and it is hard but i'll ferret out something.
i shall see youto-morrow.
now you may go, jacob."
i hastened away, as i had promised to be down to old tom's to breakfast;an hour's smart pulling brought me to the landing-place, opposite to hishouse.
a ten-pound householder occupied with affairs of state--the advantage ofthe word "implication"--an unexpected meeting and a reconciliation--resolution versus bright black eyes--verdict for the defendant, withheavy damages.
the house of old tom beazeley was situated on the verge of batterseafields, about a mile-and-a-half from the bridge bearing the same name;the river about twenty yards before it--the green grass behind it, andnot a tree within half-a-mile of it.
there was nothing picturesque init but its utter loneliness; it was not only lonely, but isolated, forit was fixed upon a delta of about half-an-acre, between two creeks,which joined at about forty yards from the river, and ran up through thefields, so that the house was at high water upon an island, and at lowwater was defended by an impassable barrier of mud, so that the advancesto it could be made only from the river, where a small _hard_, edgedwith posts worn down to the conformation of decayed double-teeth,offered the only means of access.
the house itself was one storey high;dark red bricks, and darker tiles upon the roof; windows very scarce andvery small, although built long before the damnable tax upon light, forit was probably built in the time of elizabeth, to judge by thepeculiarity of the style of architecture observable in the chimneys; butit matters very little at what epoch was built a tenement which wasrented at only ten pounds per annum.
the major part of the said islandwas stocked with cabbage plants; but on one side there was half a boatset upright, with a patch of green before it.
at the time that oldbeazeley hired it there was a bridge rudely constructed of old shipplank, by which you could gain a path which led across the batterseafields; but as all the communications of old tom were by water, and mrsbeazeley never ventured over the bridge, it was gradually knocked awayfor firewood, and when it was low-water, one old post, redolent of mud,marked the spot where the bridge had been.
the interior was far moreinviting.
mrs beazeley was a clean person and frugal housewife, andevery article in the kitchen, which was the first room you entered, wasas clean and as bright as industry could make it.
there was a parlouralso, seldom used; both of the inmates, when they did meet, which wasnot above a day or two in three weeks, during the time that old beazeleywas in charge of the lighter, preferring comfort to grandeur.
in thisisolated house, upon this isolated spot, did mrs beazeley pass a lifeof most isolation.
and yet, perhaps there never was a more lively or a more happy womanthan mrs beazeley, for she was strong and in good health, and alwaysemployed.
she knew that her husband was following up his avocation onthe river, and laying by a provision for their old age, which sheherself was adding considerably to it by her own exertions.
she hadmarried old tom long before he had lost his legs, at a time when he wasa prime, active sailor, and the best man of the ship.
she was anet-maker's daughter, and had been brought up to the business, at whichshe was very expert.
the most difficult part of the art is that ofmaking large _seines_ for taking sea-fish; and when she had no order forthose to complete, the making of casting-nets beguiled away her time assoon as her household cares had been disposed of.
she made money andhusbanded it, not only for herself and her partner, but for her son,young tom, upon whom she doted.
so accustomed was she to work hard andbe alone that it was most difficult to say whether she was most pleasedor most annoyed when her husband and son made their appearance for a dayor two, and the latter was alternately fondled and scolded during thewhole of his sojourn.
tom, as the reader may suppose from a knowledgeof his character, caring about as much for the one as the other.
i pulled into the _hard_, and made fast my boat.
there was no oneoutside the door when i landed; on entering, i found them all seated atthe table, and a grand display of fragments, in the shape ofherring-bones, etcetera.
"well, jacob--come at last--thought you hadforgot us; piped to breakfast at eight bells--always do, you know," saidold tom, on my making my appearance.
"have you had your breakfast, jacob?"
said mrs beazeley.
"no," replied i; "i was obliged to go up to mr turnbull's, and thatdetained me."
"no more sodgers, jacob," said tom; "father and i eat them all."
replied mrs beazeley, taking two more red herrings out ofthe cupboard, and putting them on the fire to grill; "no, no, mastertom, there's some for jacob yet."
"well, mother, you make nets to some purpose, for you've always a fishwhen it's wanted."
i despatched my breakfast, and as soon as all had been cleared away byhis wife, old tom, crossing his two timber legs, commenced business, forit appeared, what i was not aware of, that we had met on a sort ofcouncil-of-war.
"jacob, sit down by me; old woman, bring yourself to an anchor in thehigh chair.
tom, sit anywhere, so you sit still."
"and leave my net alone, tom," cried his mother, in parenthesis.--"yousee, jacob, the whole long and short of it is this--i feel my toes moreand more, and flannel's no longer warm.
i can't tide it any longer, andi think it high time to lie up in ordinary and moor abreast of the oldwoman.
now, there's tom, in the first place, what's to do with he?
ithink that i'll build him a wherry, and as i'm free of the river he canfinish his apprenticeship with my name on the boat; but to build him awherry would be rather a heavy pull for me."
"if you mean to build it yourself, i think it will prove a _heavy pull_for me," replied tom.
"silence, tom; i built you, and god knows you're light enough."
"and, tom, leave my net alone," cried his mother.
"father made me light-fingered, mother."
"ay, and light-hearted too, boy," rejoined the dame, looking fondly ather son.
"well," continued old tom, "supposing that tom be provided for in thatway; then now i comes to myself.
i've an idea that i can do a good bitof work in patching up boats; for you see i always was a bit of acarpenter, and i know how the builders extortionate the poor watermenwhen there's a trifle amiss.
now, if they knew i could do it, they'dall come to me fast enough; but then there's a puzzle.
i've beenthinking this week how i can make them know it.
i can't put out a boardand say, beazeley, _boat-builder_, because i'm no boatbuilder, but stilli want a sign."
"lord, father, haven't you got one already?"
interrupted young tom;"you've half a boat stuck up there, and that means that you're half aboat-builder."
"silence, tom, with your frippery; what do you think.
"could you not say, `boats repaired here?'"
"yes, but that won't exactly do; they like to employ a builder--andthere's the puzzle."
"not half so puzzling as this net," observed tom, who had taken up theneedle, unseen by his mother, and begun to work; "i've made only tenstitches, and six of them are long ones."
"tom, tom, you good-for-nothing--why don't you let my net alone?"
criedmrs beazeley; "now 'twill take me as much time to undo ten stitches asto have made fifty."
"all right, mother."
"no, tom, all's wrong; look at these meshes?"
"well, then, all's fair, mother."
"no, all's foul, boy; look how it's tangled."
"still, i say, all's fair, mother, for it is but fair to give the fishone or two chances to get away, and that's just what i've done; and now,father, i'll settle your affair to your own satisfaction, as i havemother's."
"that will be queer satisfaction, tom, i guess; but let's hear what youhave to say."
"then, father, it seems that you're no boat-builder, but you want peopleto fancy that you are--a'n't that the question?"
"why, 'tis something like it, tom, but i do nobody no harm."
"certainly not; it's only the boats which will suffer.
now, get a largeboard, with `boats _built to order_, and boats repaired, by tombeazeley.'
you know if any man is fool enough to order a boat, that'shis concern; you didn't say you're a boat-builder, although you have noobjection to try your hand."
"what do you say jacob?"
said old tom, appealing to me.
"i think that tom has given very good advice, and i would follow it."
tom has a head," said mrs beazeley, fondly.
"tom, let go my netagain, will you?
what a boy you are!
now touch it again if you dare,"and mrs beazeley took up a little poker from the fire-place and shookit at him.
"tom has a head, indeed," said young tom, "but as he has no wish to haveit broken, jacob, lend me your wherry for half-an-hour, and i'll beoff."
i assented, and tom, first tossing the cat upon his mother's back, madehis escape, crying:  "lord, molly, what a fish--"as the animal fixed in its claws to save herself from falling, makingmrs beazeley roar out and vow vengeance, while old tom and i could notrefrain from laughter.
after tom's departure the conversation was renewed, and everything wasfinally arranged between old tom and his wife, except the building ofthe wherry, at which the old woman shook her head.
the debate would betoo long, and not sufficiently interesting to detail; one part, however,i must make the reader acquainted with.
after entering into all thearrangements of the house, mrs beazeley took me upstairs to show me therooms, which were very neat and clean.
i came down with her, and oldtom said, "did the old woman show you the room with the white curtains,jacob?"
"yes," replied i, "and a very nice one it is."
"well, jacob, there's nothing sure in this world.
you're well off atpresent, and `leave well alone' is a good motto; but recollect this,that room is for you when you want it, and everything else we can sharewith you.
it's offered freely, and you will accept it the same.
is itnot, old lady?"
"yes, that it is, jacob; but may you do better--if not, i'll be yourmother for want of a better."
i was moved with the kindness of the old couple; the more so as i didnot know what i had done to deserve it.
old tom gave me a heartysqueeze of the hand, and then continued--"but about this wherry--what doyou say, old woman?"
"what will it cost?"
replied she, gravely.
"cost; let me see--a good wherry, with sculls and oars, will be a matterof thirty pounds."
the old woman screwed up her mouth, shook her head, and then walked awayto prepare for dinner.
"i think she could muster the blunt, jacob, but she don't like to partwith it.
tom must coax her.
i wish he hadn't shied the cat at her.
he's too full of fun."
as old beazeley finished, i perceived a wherry pulling in with someladies.
i looked attentively, and recognised my own boat, and tompulling.
in a minute more they were at the _hard_, and who, to myastonishment, were there seated, but mrs drummond and sarah.
as tomgot out of the boat and held it steady against the _hard_, he called tome; i could not do otherwise than go and assist them out; and once moredid i touch the hands of those whom i never thought to meet again.
mrsdrummond retained my hand a short time after she landed, saying, "we arefriends, jacob, are we not!"
"oh, yes, madam," replied i, much moved, in a faltering voice.
"i shall not ask that question," said sarah, gaily, "for we partedfriends."
and as i recalled to mind her affectionate behaviour, i pressed herhand, and the tears glistened in my eyes as i looked into her sweetface.
as i afterwards discovered, this was an arranged plan with oldand young tom, to bring about a meeting without my knowledge.
mrsbeazeley courtesied and stroked her apron--smiled at the ladies, lookedvery _cat_-ish at tom, showed the ladies into the house, where old tomassisted to do the honours after his own fashion, by asking mrsdrummond if she would like to _whet her whistle_ after her _pull_.
mrsdrummond looked round to me for explanation, but young tom thoughtproper to be interpreter.
"father wants to know, if you please, ma'am,whether, after your _pull_ in the boat, you wouldn't like to have a_pull_ at the brandy bottle?"
"no," replied mrs drummond, smiling; "but i should be obliged for aglass of water.
will you get me one, jacob?"
i hastened to comply, and mrs drummond entered into conversation withmrs beazeley.
sarah looked at me, and went to the door, turning backas inviting me to follow.
i did so, and we soon found ourselves seatedon the bench in the old boat.
"jacob," said she, looking earnestly at me, "you surely will be friendswith _my_ father?"
i think i should have shaken my head, but she laid an emphasis on _my_,which the little gipsy knew would have its effect.
all my resolutions,all my pride, all my sense of injury vanished before the mild, beautifuleyes of sarah, and i replied hastily, "yes, miss sarah, i can refuse_you_ nothing."
"why _miss_, jacob?"
"i am a waterman, and you are much above me."
"that is your own fault; but say no more about it."
"i must say something more, which is this: do not attempt to make meleave my present employment; i am happy, because i am independent; andthat i will, if possible, be for the future."
"any one can pull an oar, jacob."
"very true, miss sarah, and is under no obligation to any one by soearning his livelihood.
he works for all and is paid for all."
"will you come and see us, jacob?
come to-morrow--now do--promise me.
will you refuse your old playmate, jacob?"
"i wish you would not ask that."
"how then can you say that you are friends with my father?
i will notbelieve you unless you promise to come."
"sarah," replied i, earnestly, "i will come; and to prove to you that weare friends, i will ask a favour of him."
"oh, jacob, this is kind indeed," cried sarah, with her eyes swimmingwith tears.
"you have made me so--so very happy!"
the meeting with sarah humanised me, and every feeling of revenge waschased from my memory.
mrs drummond joined us soon after, and proposedto return.
"and jacob will pull us back," cried sarah.
"come, sir,look after your _fare_, in both senses.
since you will be a waterman,you shall work."
i laughed and handed them to the boat.
tom took theother oar, and we were soon at the steps close to their house.
"mamma, we ought to give these poor fellows something to drink; they'veworked very hard," said sarah, mocking.
"come up, my good men."
"nay, jacob, if tomorrow why not to-day?
the sooner thesethings are over the better."
i felt the truth of this observation, and followed her.
in a fewminutes i was again in that parlour in which i had been dismissed, andin which the affectionate girl burst into tears on my shoulder, as iheld the handle of the door.
i looked at it, and looked at sarah.
mrsdrummond had gone out of the room to let mr drummond know that i hadcome.
"how kind you were, sarah!"
"yes, but kind people are cross sometimes, and so am i--and so was--"mr drummond came in, and stopped her.
"jacob, i am glad to see youagain in my house; i was deceived by appearances, and did youinjustice."
how true is the observation of the wise man, that a softword turneth away wrath; that mr drummond should personally acknowledgethat he was wrong to me--that he should confess it--every feeling ofresentment was gone, and others crowded in their place.
i recollectedhow he had protected the orphan--how he had provided him withinstruction--how he had made _his_ house a home to me--how he had triedto bring me forward under his own protection i recollected--which, alas!
i never should have forgotten--that he had treated me for years withkindness and affection, all of which had been obliterated from my memoryby one single act of injustice.
i felt that i was a culprit, and burstinto tears; and sarah, as before, cried in sympathy.
"i beg your pardon, mr drummond," said i, as soon as i could speak; "ihave been very wrong in being so revengeful after so much kindness fromyou."
"we both have been wrong--but say no more on the subject, jacob; i havean order to give, and then i will come up to you again;" and mrdrummond quitted the room.
"you dear, good boy," said sarah, coming up to me.
"now, i really dolove you."
what i might have replied was put a stop to by mrs drummond enteringthe room.
she made a few inquiries about where i at present resided,and sarah was catechising me rather inquisitively about mary stapleton,when mr drummond re-entered the room, and shook me by the hand with awarmth which made me more ashamed of my conduct towards him.
theconversation became general, but still rather embarrassed, when sarahwhispered to me "what is the favour you would ask of my father?"
i hadforgotten it at the moment, but i immediately told him that i would beobliged if he would allow me to have a part of the money belonging to mewhich he held in his possession.
"that i will, with pleasure, and without asking what you intend to dowith it, jacob.
how much do you require?"
"thirty pounds, if there is so much."
mr drummond went down, and in a few minutes returned with the sum innotes and guineas.
i thanked him, and shortly afterwards took my leave.
"did not young beazeley tell you i had something for you, jacob?"
saidsarah, as i wished her good-bye.
"yes; what is it?"
"you must come and see," replied sarah, laughing.
thus was a finale toall my revenge brought about by a little girl of fifteen years old, withlarge dark eyes.
tom had taken his glass of grog below, and was waiting for me at thesteps.
we shoved off, and returned to his father's house, where dinnerwas just ready.
after dinner old tom recommenced the argument; "theonly hitch," says he, "is about the wherry.
what do you say, oldwoman?"
the old woman shook her head.
"as that is the only hitch," said i, "i can remove it, for here is themoney for the wherry, which i make a present to tom," and i put themoney into young tom's hand.
tom counted it out before his father andmother, much to their astonishment.
"you are a good fellow, jacob," said tom; "but i say, do you recollectwimbledon common?"
"only jerry abershaw, that's all."
"do not be afraid, tom, it is honestly mine."
"but how did you get it, jacob," said old tom.
it may appear strange, but, impelled by a wish to serve my friends, ihad asked for the money which i knew belonged to me, but never thoughtof the manner in which it had been obtained.
the question of old tomrecalled everything to my memory, and i shuddered when i recollected thecircumstances attending it.
i was confused, and did not like to reply.
"be satisfied, the money is mine," replied i.
"yes, jacob, but how?"
replied mrs beazeley; "surely you ought to beable to tell how you got so large a sum."
"jacob has some reason for not telling, missus, depend upon it; mayhapmr turnbull, or whoever gave it to him, told him to hold his tongue."
but this answer would not satisfy mrs beazeley, who declared she wouldnot allow a farthing to be taken unless she knew how it was obtained.
"tom, give back the money directly," said she, looking at mesuspiciously.
tom laid it on the table before me, without saying a word.
"take it, tom," said i, colouring up.
"i had it from my mother."
"from your mother, jacob!"
said old tom.
"nay, that could not well be,if my memory sarves me right.
still it may be."
"deary me, i don't like this at all," cried mrs beazeley, getting up,and wiping her apron with a quick motion.
"oh, jacob, that must be--notthe truth."
i coloured up to the tips of my ears at being suspected of falsehood.
ilooked round, and saw that even tom and his father had a melancholydoubt in their countenances; and certainly my confused appearance wouldhave caused suspicion in anybody.
"i little thought," said i, at last,"when i hoped to have so much pleasure in giving, and to find that i hadmade you happy in receiving the money, that it would have proved asource of so much annoyance.
i perceive that i am suspected of havingobtained it improperly, and of not having told the truth.
that mrsbeazeley may think so, who does not know me, is not to be wondered at;but that you," continued i, turning to old tom, "or you," looking at hisson, "should suspect me, is very mortifying; and i did not expect it.
itell you that the money is mine, honestly mine, and obtained from mymother.
i ask you, do you believe me?"
"i, for one, do believe you, jacob," said young tom, striking his fiston the table.
"i can't understand it, but i know you never told a lie,or did a dishonourable act since i've known you."
"thank you, tom," said i, taking his proffered hand.
"and i would swear the same, jacob," said old tom; "although i have beenlonger in the world than my boy has, and have, therefore, seen more; andsorry am i to say, many a good man turned bad, from temptation being toogreat; but when i looked in your face, and saw the blood up to yourforehead, i did feel a little suspicious, i must own; but i beg yourpardon, jacob; no one can look in your face now and not see that you areinnocent.
i believe all you say, in spite of the old woman and--thedevil to boot--and there's my hand upon it."
"why not tell--why not tell?"
muttered mrs beazeley, shaking her head,and working at her net faster than ever.
but i had resolved to tell, and did so, narrating distinctly thecircumstances by which the money had been obtained.
i did it, however,with feelings of mortification which i cannot express.
i felthumiliation--i felt that, for my own wants, that money i never couldtouch.
still my explanation had the effect of removing the doubts evenof mrs beazeley, and harmony was restored.
the money was accepted bythe old couple, and promised to be applied for the purpose intended.
"as for me, jacob," said tom, "when i say i thank you, you know i meanit.
had i had the money, and you had wanted it, you will believe mewhen i say that i would have given it to you."
"that i'm sure of, tom."
"still, jacob, it is a great deal of money, and i shall lay by myearnings as fast as i can, that you may have it in case you want it; butit will take many a heavy pull and many a shirt wet with labour before ican make up a sum like that."
i did not stay much longer after this little fracas; i was hurt--mypride was wounded by suspicion, and fortunate it was that the occurrencehad not taken place previous to my meeting with mrs drummond and sarah,otherwise no reconciliation would have taken place in that quarter.
howmuch are we the sport of circumstances, and how insensibly they mark outour career in this world?
with the best intentions we go wrong;instigated by unworthy motives, we fall upon our feet, and the chapterof accidents has more power over the best regulated mind than all thechapters in the bible.
how i was revenged upon my enemies--we try the bars of music but findthat we are barred out--being no go, we go back.
i shook hands with tom, who perceiving that i was vexed, had accompaniedme down to the boat, with his usual sympathy, and had offered to pullwith me to fulham, and walk back; which offer i declined, as i wished tobe alone.
it was a fine moonlight night, and the broad light andshadow, with the stillness of all around, were peculiarly adapted to myfeelings.
i continued my way up the river, revolving in my mind thescenes of the day; the reconciliation with one whom i never intended tohave spoken to again; the little quarrel with those whom i neverexpected to have been at variance with, and that at the time when i wasonly exerting myself to serve them; and then i thought of sarah, as anoasis of real happiness in this contemplated desert, and dwelt upon thethought of her as the most pleasant and calming to my still agitatedmind.
thus did i ruminate till i had passed putney bridge, forgettingthat i was close to my landing place, and continuing, in my reverie, topull up the river, when my cogitations were disturbed by a noise of menlaughing and talking, apparently in a state of intoxication.
they werein a four-oared wherry, coming down the river, after a party ofpleasure, as it is termed, generally one ending in intoxication, ilistened.
"i tell you i can spin an oar with any man in the king's service," saidthe man in the bow, "now look."
he threw his oar out of the rowlocks, spun it in the air, butunfortunately did not catch it when it fell, and consequently it wentthrough the bottom, starting two of the planks of the fragile-builtboat, which immediately filled with water.
cried another, perceiving me, "quick, or we shallsink."
but the boat was nearly up to the thwarts in water before icould reach her, and just as i was nearly alongside she filled andturned over.
"help, waterman; help me first; i'm senior clerk," cried a voice which iwell knew.
i put out my oar to him as he struggled in the water, andsoon had him clinging to the wherry.
i then tried to catch hold of theman who had sunk the boat by his attempt to toss the oar, but he veryquietly said, "no, damn it, there's too many; we shall swamp the wherry;i'll swim on shore"--and suiting the action to the word, he made for theshore with perfect self-possession, swimming in his clothes with greatease and dexterity.
i picked up two more, and thought that all were saved, when turninground, and looking towards the bridge, i saw resplendent in the brightbeams of the moon, and "round as its orb," the well-remembered face ofthe stupid young clerk who had been so inimical to me, struggling withall his might.
i pulled to him, and putting out my oar over the bow, heseized it after rising from his first sink, and was, with the otherthree, soon clinging to the side of the wherry.
"pull me in--pull me in, waterman!"
cried the head clerk, whose voice ihad recognised.
"no; you will swamp the boat."
"well, but pull me in, if not the others.
i'm the senior clerk."
"can't help that; you must hold on," replied i, "while i pull you onshore; we shall soon be there."
i must say that i felt a pleasure inallowing him thus to hang in the water.
i might have taken them all incertainly, although at some risk, from their want of presence of mindand hurry, arising from the feeling of self-preservation; but i desiredthem to hold on, and pulled for the landing-place; which we soon gained.
the person who had preferred swimming had arrived before us, and waswaiting on the beach.
"have you got them all, waterman?"
"yes, sir, i believe so; i have four."
"the tally is right," replied he, "and four greater galloots were neverpicked up; but never mind that.
it was my nonsense that nearly drownedthem; and, therefore, i'm very glad you've managed so well.
my jacketwent down in the boat, and i must reward you another time."
"thank you, sir, no occasion for that, it's not a regular fare."
"nevertheless, give us your name."
"oh, you may ask mr hodgson, the senior clerk, or that full-moon-facedfellow--they know my name."
"waterman, what do you mean?"
replied mr hodgson, shivering with cold.
"very impudent fellow," said the junior of the round face.
"if they know your name, they won't tell it," replied the other.
"now,i'll first tell you mine, which is lieutenant wilson, of the navy; andnow let's have yours, that i may ask for it; and tell me what stairs youply from."
"my name is jacob faithful, sir," replied i; "and you may ask yourfriends whether they know it or not when their teeth don't chatter quiteso much."
at the mention of my name the senior and junior clerk walked off, andthe lieutenant, telling me that i should hear from him again, was aboutto leave.
"if you mean to give me money, sir, i tell you candidly ishall not take it.
i hate these two men for the injuries they haveheaped on me; but i don't know how it is, i feel a degree of pleasure inhaving saved them, that i wish for no better revenge.
"spoken as you ought, my lad--that's glorious revenge.
well, then, iwill not come; but if ever we meet again i shall never forget this nightand jacob faithful."
he held out his hand, shook mine warmly, andwalked away.
when they were gone, i remained for some little time quite stupified atthe events of the day.
the reconciliation--the quarrel--the revenge.
iwas still in thought when i heard the sound of a horse's hoofs.
thisrecalled me, and i was hauling up my boat, intending to go home tostapleton's; but with no great eagerness.
i felt a sort of dislike tomary stapleton, which i could not account for; but the fact was i hadbeen in company with sarah drummond.
the horse stopped at the foot ofthe bridge; and the rider giving it to his servant, who was mounted onanother, to hold, came down to where i was hauling up my boat.
"my lad,is it too late for you to launch your boat?
i will pay you well."
"where do you wish to go to, sir?
it is now past ten o'clock."
"i know it is, and i hardly expected to find a waterman here; but i tookthe chance.
will you take me about two miles up the river?"
i looked at the person who addressed me, and was delighted to recognisein him the young man who had hired mr turnbull and me to take him tothe garden, and who had been captured when we escaped with the tin box;but i did not make myself known.
"well, sir, if you wish it, i've noobjection," replied i, putting my shoulder to the bow of my wherry, andlaunching her again into the water.
at all events, this has been a dayof adventure, thought i, as i threw my sculls again into the water, andcommenced pulling up the stream.
i was some little while in meditationwhether i should make myself known to the young man; but i decided thati would not.
let me see, thought i, what sort of a person this is--whether he is as deserving as the young lady appeared to consider.
"which side, sir?"
"the left," was the reply.
i knew that well enough, and i pulled in silence until nearly up to thewall of the garden which ran down to the band of the river.
"now pullin to that wall, and make no noise," was the injunction; which i obeyed,securing the boat to the very part where the coping bricks had beendisplaced.
he stood up, and whistled the two bars of the tune asbefore, waited five minutes, repeated it, and watched the windows of thehouse; but there was no reply, or signs of anybody being up or stirring.
"it is too late; she is gone to rest."
"i thought there was a lady in the case, sir," observed i.
"if you wishto communicate with her, i think i could manage it."
"stop a moment; i'll speak to you by-and-by."
he whistled the tune once more, and after waiting another ten minutes,dropped himself down on the stern sheets, and told me to pull backagain.
after a minute's silence he said to me, "you think you couldcommunicate with her, you say.
pray, how do you propose?"
"if you will write a letter, sir, i'll try to let it come to her hand."
"that, sir, you must leave me to find out, and trust to opportunity; butyou must tell me what sort of a person she is, that i may not give it toanother; and also, who there is in the house that i must be careful doesnot see me."
"very true," replied he.
"i can only say that if you do succeed, i willreward you handsomely; but she is so strictly watched that i am afraidit will be impossible.
however, a despairing, like a drowning man, willcatch at a straw; and i will see whether you will be able to assist me."
he then informed me that there was no one in the house except her uncleand his servants, all of whom were spies upon her; that my only chancewas watching if she were permitted to walk in the garden alone, whichmight be the case; and perhaps, by concealing myself from eight o'clockin the morning till the evening under the parapet wall, i might find anopportunity.
he directed me to be at the foot of the bridge nextmorning at seven o'clock, when he would come with a letter written forme to deliver, if possible.
we had then arrived at fulham.
he landed,and putting a guinea in my hand, mounted his horse, which his servant[had] walked up and down, waiting for him, and rode off.
i hauled up myboat and went home, tired with the manifold events of the day.
marystapleton who had sat up for me, was very inquisitive to know what hadoccasioned my coming home so late; but i evaded her questions, and sheleft me in anything but good-humour; but about that i never felt soindifferent.
the next morning the servant made his appearance with the letter,telling me that he had orders to wait till the evening; and i pulled upthe river.
i placed it under the loose brick, as agreed upon with theyoung lady, and then shoved off to the other side of the river, where ihad a full view of the garden, and could notice all that passed.
inhalf-an-hour the young lady came out, accompanied by another female, andsauntered up and down the gravel-walk.
after a while she stopped, andlooked on the river, her companion continuing her promenade.
as ifwithout hoping to find anything there, she moved the brick aside withher foot; perceiving the letter, she snatched it up eagerly, andconcealed it in her dress, and then cast her eyes on the river.
it wascalm, and i whistled the bar of music.
she heard it, and turning away,hastened into the house.
in about half-an-hour she returned, andwatching her opportunity, stooped down to the brick.
i waited a fewminutes, when both she and her companion went into the house.
i thenpulled in under the wall, lifted up the brick, took the letter, andhastened back to fulham; when i delivered the letter to the servant, whorode off with it as fast as he could; and i returned home quite pleasedat the successful issue of my attempt, and not a little curious to learnthe real facts of this extraordinary affair.
the dominie reads me a sermon out of the largest book i ever fell inwith, covering nearly two acres of ground--the pages not very easy toturn over, but the type very convenient to read without spectacles--heleaves off without shutting his book, as parsons usually do at the endof their sermons.
the next day being sunday, as usual i went to see the dominie and mrturnbull.
i arrived at the school just as all the boys were filing off,two and two, for church, the advance led by the usher, and the rearbrought up by the dominie in person, and i accompanied them.
thedominie appeared melancholy and out of spirits--hardly exchanging a wordwith me during our walk.
when the service was over he ordered the usherto take the boys home, and remained with me in the churchyard, surveyingthe tombstones, and occasionally muttering to himself.
at last thecongregation dispersed, and we were alone.
"little did i think, jacob," said he, at last, "that when i bestowedsuch care upon thee in thy childhood, i should be rewarded as i havebeen!
little did i think that it would be to the boy who was leftdestitute that i should pour out my soul when afflicted, and find in himthat sympathy which i have long lost, by the removal of those who wereonce my friends!
yes, jacob, those who were known to me in my youth--those few in whom i confided and leant upon--are now lying here incrumbling dust, and the generation hath passed away; and i now rest uponthee, my son, whom i have directed in the right path, and who hast, bythe blessing of god, continued to walk straight in it.
verily, thou arta solace to me, jacob; and though young in years, i feel that in thee ihave received a friend, and one that i may confide in.
bless thee, my boy!
and before i am laid with those who have gonebefore me, may i see thee prosperous and happy!
then i will sing the_nunc dimittis_, then will i say, `now, lord, let thy servant depart inpeace.'"
"i am happy, sir," replied i, "to hear you say that i am of any comfortto you, for i feel truly grateful for all your kindness to me; but iwish that you did not require comfort."
"jacob, in what part of a man's life does he not require comfort andconsolation; yea, even from the time when, as a child, he buries hisweeping face in his mother's lap till the hour that summons him to hisaccount?
not that i consider this world to be, as many have describedit, a `vale of tears'; no, jacob; it is a beautiful world, a gloriousworld, and would be a happy world, if we would only restrain thosesenses and those passions with which we have been endowed, that we mayfully enjoy the beauty, the variety, the inexhaustible bounty of agracious heaven.
all was made for enjoyment and for happiness; but itis we ourselves who, by excess, defile that which otherwise were pure.
thus, the fainting traveller may drink wholesome and refreshing draughtsfrom the bounteous, overflowing spring; but should he rush heedlesslyinto it, he muddies the source, and the waters are those of bitterness.
thus, jacob, was wine given to cheer the heart of man; yet, didst notthou witness me, thy preceptor, debased by intemperance?
thus, jacob,were the affections implanted in us as a source of sweetest happiness,such as those which now yearn in my breast towards thee; yet hast thouseen me, thy preceptor, by yielding to the infatuation and imbecility ofthreescore years, dote, in my folly, upon a maiden, and turn the sweetaffections into a source of misery and anguish."
i answered not, forthe words of the dominie made a strong impression upon me, and i wasweighing them in my mind.
"jacob," continued the dominie, after apause, "next to the book of life, there is no subject of contemplationmore salutary than the book of death, of which each stone now around usmay be considered as a page, and each page contains a lesson.
read thatwhich is now before us.
it would appear hard that an only child shouldhave been torn away from its doting parents, who have thus imperfectlyexpressed their anguish on the tomb; it would appear hard that theirdelight, their solace, the object of their daily care, of their wakingthoughts, of their last imperfect recollections as they sank into sleep,of their only dreams, should thus have been taken from them; yet did iknow them, and heaven was just and merciful.
the child had weaned themfrom their god; they lived but in him; they were without god in theworld.
the child alone had their affections, and they had been lost hadnot he in his mercy removed it.
come this way, jacob."
i followed thedominie till he stood before another tombstone in the corner of thechurchyard.
"this stone, jacob, marks the spot where lies the remainsof one who was my earliest and dearest friend--for in my youth i hadfriends, because i had anticipations, and little thought that it wouldhave pleased god that i should do my duty in that station to which ihave been called.
he had one fault, which proved a source of miserythrough life, and was the cause of an untimely death.
he was of arevengeful disposition.
he never forgave an injury, forgetting, poor,sinful mortal, for how much he had need to be forgiven.
he quarrelledwith his relations; he was shot in a duel with his friend!
i mentionthis, jacob, as a lesson to thee; not that i feel myself worthy to bethy preceptor, for i am humbled, but out of kindness and love towardsthee, that i might persuade thee to correct that fault in thydisposition."
"i have already made friends with mr drummond, sir," answered i; "butstill your admonition shall not be thrown away."
"hast thou, jacob?
then is my mind much relieved.
i trust thou wilt nolonger stand in thine own light, but accept the offers which, in thefulness of his heart to make redress, he may make unto thee."
"nay, sir, i cannot promise that; i wish to be independent and earn myown livelihood."
"then hear me, jacob, for the spirit of prophecy is on me; the time willcome when thou shalt bitterly repent.
thou hast received an educationby my unworthy endeavours, and hast been blessed by providence withtalents far above the situation in life to which thou wouldst sotenaciously adhere; the time will come when thou wilt repent, yea,bitterly repent.
look at that marble monument with the arms so lavishlyemblazoned upon it.
that, jacob, is the tomb of a proud man, whosecareer is well known to me.
he was in straitened circumstances, yet ofgentle race--but like the steward in the scripture, `work he could not,to beg he was ashamed.'
he might have prospered in the world, but hispride forbade him.
he might have made friends, but his pride forbadehim.
he might have wedded himself to wealth and beauty, but there wasno escutcheon, and his pride forbade him.
he did marry, and entail uponhis children poverty.
he died, and the little he possessed was takenfrom his children's necessities to build this record to his dust.
donot suppose that i would check that honest pride which will prove asafeguard from unworthy actions.
i only wish to check that undue pridewhich will mar thy future prospects.
jacob, that which thou termest_independence_ is naught but pride."
i could not acknowledge that i agreed with the dominie, althoughsomething in my breast told me that he was not wrong.
i made no answer.
the dominie again spoke.
"yes; it is a beautiful world for the spirit of god is on it.
at theseparation of chaos it came over the water, and hath since remained withus, everywhere, but invisible.
we see his hand in the variety and thebeauty of creation, but his spirit we see not; yet do we feel it in thestill small voice of conscience, which would lead us into the rightpath.
now, jacob, we must return, for i have the catechism and collectsto attend to."
i took leave of the dominie, and went to mr turnbull's, to whom i gavean account of what had passed since i last saw him.
he was much pleasedwith my reconciliation with the drummonds, and interested about theyoung lady to whom appertained the tin box in his possession.
"ipresume, jacob, we shall now have that mystery cleared up."
"i have not told the gentleman that we have possession of the box,"replied i.
"no; but you told the young lady, you silly fellow; and do you think shewill keep it a secret from him?"
"very true; i had forgotten that."
"jacob, i wish you to go to mr drummond's and see his family again; youought to do so."
"nay, i shall give you a fairopportunity without wounding that pride of yours, sir," replied mrturnbull; "i owe him for some wine he purchased for me, and i shall sendthe cheque by you."
to this i assented, as i was not sorry of an opportunity of seeingsarah.
i dined with mr turnbull, who was alone, his wife being on avisit to a relation in the country.
he again offered me his advice asto giving up the profession of a waterman; but if i did not hear himwith so much impatience as before, nor use so many arguments against it,i did not accede to his wishes, and the subject was dropped.
mrturnbull was satisfied that my resistance was weakened, and hoped intime to have the effect that he desired.
when i went home mary told methat tom beazeley had been there, that his wherry was building, that hisfather had given up the lighter, and was now on shore very busy ingetting up his board to attract customers, and obtain work in his newoccupation.
i had not launched my wherry the next morning when down came the younggentleman to whom i had despatched the letter.
"faithful," said he,"come to the tavern with me; i must have some conversation with you."
ifollowed him, and as soon as we were in a room, he said, "first, let mepay my debt, for i owe you much;" and he laid five guineas on the table.
"i find from cecilia that you have possession of the tin case of deedswhich has been so eagerly sought after by both parties.
why did you notsay so?
and why did you not tell me that it was you whom i hired on thenight when i was so unfortunate?"
"i considered the secret as belonging to the young lady, and having toldher, i left it to her discretion to make you acquainted or not as shepleased."
"it was thoughtful and prudent of you, at all events, although there wasno occasion for it.
nevertheless, i am pleased that you did so, as itproves you to be trustworthy.
now, tell me, who is the gentleman whowas with you in the boat, and who has charge of the box?
observe,faithful, i do not intend to demand it.
i shall tell him the facts ofthe case in your presence, and then leave him to decide whether he willsurrender up the papers to the other party or to me.
can you take methere now?"
"yes, sir," replied i, "i can, if you please; i will pull you up in halfan hour.
the house is at the river's side."
the young gentleman leaped into my wherry, and we were soon in theparlour of mr turnbull.
i will not repeat the conversation in detail,but give an outline of the young man's story.
a long story, which ends in the opening of the tin box, which proves tocontain deeds much more satisfactory to mr. wharncliffe than the deedsof his uncle--begin to feel the blessings of independence, and suspectthat i have acted like a fool--after two years' consideration, i becomequite sure of it, and, as tom says, "no mistake."
"the gentleman who prevented my taking off the young lady is uncle toboth of us.
we are, therefore, first cousins.
our family name iswharncliffe.
my father was a major in the army.
he died when i wasyoung, and my mother is still alive, and is sister to lady auburn.
thefather and mother of cecilia are both dead.
he went out to india tojoin his brother, another uncle, of whom i shall speak directly.
he hasnow been dead three years, and out of the four brothers there is onlyone left, my uncle; with whom cecilia is living, and whose christianname is henry.
he was a lawyer by profession, but he purchased a patentplace, which he still enjoys.
my father, whose name was william, diedin very moderate circumstances; but still he left enough for my motherto live upon, and to educate me properly.
i was brought up to the lawunder my uncle henry, with whom, for some years, i resided.
cecilia'sfather, whose name was edward, left nothing; he had ruined himself inengland, and had gone out to india at the request of my uncle there,whose name was james, and who had amassed a large fortune.
soon afterthe death of cecilia's father, my uncle james came home on furlough, forhe held a very high and lucrative situation under the company.
abachelor from choice, he was still fond of young people; and having butone nephew and one niece to leave his money to, as soon as he arrivedwith cecilia, whom he brought with him, he was most anxious to see me.
he therefore took up his quarters with my uncle henry, and remained withhim during his sojourn in england; but my uncle james was of a very coldand capricious temper.
he liked me best because i was a boy, and oneday declared i should be his heir.
the next day he would alter hisintention, and declare that cecilia, of whom he was very fond, shouldinherit everything.
if we affronted him, for at the age of sixteen as aboy, and fourteen as a girl, worldly prospects were little regarded, hewould then declare that we should not be a shilling the better for hismoney.
with him money was everything: it was his daily theme ofconversation, his only passion; and he valued and respected people inproportion to what they were supposed to possess.
with these feelingshe demanded for himself the greatest deference from cecilia and me, ashis expectant heirs.
this he did not receive; but on the whole he waspleased with us, and after remaining three years in england, he returnedto the east indies.
i had heard him mention to my uncle henry hisintention of making his will, and leaving it with him before he sailed;but i was not certain whether it had been done or not.
at all events,my uncle henry took care that i should not be in the way; for at thattime my uncle carried on his profession as a lawyer, and i was workingin his office.
it was not until after my uncle james returned to indiathat he gave up business and purchased the patent place which imentioned.
cecilia was left with my uncle henry, and as we lived in thesame house, our affections, as we grew up, ripened into love.
we oftenused to laugh at the threats of my uncle james, and agreed that whoevermight be the fortunate one to whom he left his property, we would gohalves, and share it equally.
"in the meantime i still followed up my profession in another house, inwhich i at present am a partner.
four years after the return of myuncle james to india news came home of his death; but it was also statedthat no will could be found, and it was supposed that he died intestate.
of course my uncle henry succeeded as heir-at-law to the wholeproperty, and thus were the expectations and hopes of cecilia and ofmyself dashed to the ground.
but this was not the worst of it: myuncle, who had witnessed our feelings for each other, and had made nocomment, as soon as he was in possession of the property, intimated tocecilia that she should be his heiress, provided that she marriedaccording to his wishes; and pointed out to her that a fortune such asshe might expect would warrant the alliance of the first nobleman in thekingdom; and he very plainly told me that he thought it advisable that ishould find lodgings for myself, and not be any longer an inmate in thesame house as was my cousin, as no good would result from it.
thus,sir, we were not only disappointed in our hopes, but thwarted in ouraffections, which had for some time been exchanged.
maddened at thisintimation, i quitted the house; and at the same time the idea of myuncle james having made a will still pressed upon me, as i called tomind what i had heard him say to my uncle henry previous to his sailingfor india.
there was a box of deeds and papers, the very box now inyour possession, which my uncle invariably kept in his bedroom.
i feltconvinced that the will, if not destroyed (and i did not believe myuncle would dare to commit an act of felony), was in that box.
had iremained in the house i would have found some means to have opened it;but this was no longer possible.
i communicated my suspicions tocecilia, and begged her to make the attempt, which would be more easy asmy uncle would not suspect her of being bold enough to venture it, evenif he had the suspicion.
cecilia promised, and one day my unclefortunately left his keys upon his dressing-table when he came down tobreakfast, and went out without missing them.
cecilia discovered them,and opened the box, and amongst other parchments found a documentlabelled outside as the will of our uncle james; but women understandlittle about these things, and she was in such trepidation for fear thatmy uncle should return that she could not examine it very minutely.
asit was, my uncle did return for his keys just as she had locked the boxand placed the keys upon the table.
he asked her what she was doingthere, and she made some excuse.
he saw the keys on the table, andwhether suspecting her, for she coloured up very much, or afraid thatthe attempt might be made at my suggestion, he removed the box andlocked it up in a closet, the key of which, i believe, he left with hisbanker in town.
when cecilia wrote to me an account of what had passed,i desired her to find the means of opening the closet, that we mightgain possession of the box; and this was easily effected, for the key ofanother closet fitted the lock exactly.
i then persuaded her to putherself under my protection, with the determination that we would marryimmediately; and we had so arranged that the tin box was to haveaccompanied us.
you are aware, sir, how unfortunately our plan turnedout--at least, so far unfortunately, that i lost, as i thought, not onlycecilia, but the tin box, containing, as i expect, the will of my uncle,of which i am more than ever convinced from the great anxiety shown bymy uncle henry to recover it.
since the loss he has been in a state ofagitation, which has worn him to a shadow.
he feels that his onlychance is that the waterman employed might have broken open the box,expecting to find money in it, and being disappointed, have destroyedthe papers to avoid detection.
if such had been the case, and it mighthave been had it not fallen into such good hands, he then would haveobtained his only wish, that of the destruction of the will although notby his own hands.
now, sir, i have given you a full and honest accountof the affair, and leave you to decide how to act."
"if you leave me to decide, i shall do it very quickly," replied mrturnbull.
"a box has fallen into my hands, and i do not know who is theowner.
i shall open it, and take a list of the deeds in contains, andadvertise them in the _times_ and other newspapers.
if your deaduncle's will is in it it will, of course, be advertised with the others,and after such publicity your uncle henry will not venture, i presume,to say a word, but be too glad not to be exposed."
mr turnbull ordered a locksmith to be summoned, and the tin box wasopened.
it contained the document of the uncle's purchase of the patentplace in the courts, and some other papers, but it also contained theparchment so much looked after--the last will and testament of jameswharncliffe, esquire, dated two months previous to his quitting england.
"i think," observed mr turnbull, "that in case of accident, it may beas well that this will should be read before witnesses.
you observe, itis witnessed by henry wharncliffe, with two others.
let us take downtheir names."
the will was read by young wharncliffe, at the request of mr turnbull.
strange to say, the deceased bequeathed the whole of his property to hisnephew, william wharncliffe, and his niece, cecilia, provided theymarried; if they did not, they were left 20,000 pounds each, and theremainder of the fortune to go to the first male child born after themarriage of either niece or nephew.
to his brother the sum of 10,000pounds was bequeathed, with a liberal arrangement, to be paid out of theestate, so long as his niece lived with him.
the will was read, andreturned to mr turnbull, who shook hands with mr wharncliffe, andcongratulated him.
"i am so much indebted to you, sir, that i can hardly express mygratitude, but i am still more indebted to this intelligent lad,faithful.
you must no longer be a waterman, faithful," and mrwharncliffe shook my hand.
i made no answer to the latter observation,for mr turnbull had fixed his eye upon me: i merely said that i wasvery happy to have been of use to him.
"you may truly say, mr wharncliffe," observed mr turnbull, "that yourfuture prosperity will be through his means; and, as it appears by thewill that you have 9000 pounds per annum safe in the funds, i think youought to give a prize wherry, to be rowed for every year."
"and i will take that," replied i, "for a receipt in full for my sharein the transaction."
"and now," said mr turnbull, interrupting mr wharncliffe, who wasabout to answer me, "it appears to me that it may be as well to avoidany exposure--the case is too clear.
call upon your uncle--state inwhose hands the documents are--tell him that he must submit to yourterms, which are, that he proves the will, and permits the marriage totake place immediately, and that no more will be said on the subject.
he, as a lawyer, knows how severely and disgracefully he might bepunished for what he has done, and will be too happy now to accede toyour terms.
in the meantime i keep possession of the papers, for thewill shall never leave my hands until it is lodged in doctors' commons."
mr wharncliffe could not but approve of this judicious arrangement, andwe separated; and, not to interfere with my narrative, i may as welltell the reader at once that mr wharncliffe's uncle bowed tocircumstances, pretended to rejoice at the discovery of the will, nevermentioned the loss of his tin box, put the hand of cecilia into that ofwilliam, and they were married one month after the meeting at mrturnbull's, which i have now related.
the evening was so far advanced before this council-of-war was over,that i was obliged to defer the delivery of the cheque to mr drummonduntil the next day.
i left about eleven o'clock, and arrived at noon;when i knocked at the door the servant did not know me.
"what did you want?"
"i wanted to speak with mrs or miss drummond, and my name is faithful."
he desired me to sit down in the hall while he went up; "and wipe yourshoes, my lad."
i cannot say that i was pleased at this command, as imay call it, but he returned, desiring me to walk up, and i followedhim.
i found sarah alone in the drawing-room.
"jacob, i'm so glad to see you, and i'm sorry that you were made to waitbelow, but--if people who can be otherwise will be watermen, it is notour fault.
the servants only judge by appearances."
i felt annoyed for a moment, but it was soon over.
i sat down by sarah,and talked with her for some time.
"the present i had to make you was a purse of my own knitting, to putyour earnings in;" said she, laughing; and then she held up her fingerin mockery, crying, "boat, sir; boat, sir.
well, jacob, there's nothinglike independence, after all, and you must not mind my laughing at you."
"i do not heed it, sarah," replied i; (but i did mind it very much)"there is no disgrace."
"none whatever, i grant; but a want of ambition, which i cannotunderstand.
however, let us say no more about it."
mrs drummond came into the room and greeted me kindly.
"when can youcome and dine with us, jacob?
will you come on wednesday?"
he can't come on wednesday; we have company on that day."
"so we have, my dear; i had forgotten it; but on thursday we are quitealone: will you come, then on thursday, jacob?"
i hesitated, for i felt that it was because i was a waterman that i wasnot admitted to the table where i had been accustomed to dine at onetime, whoever might be invited.
"yes, jacob," said sarah, coming to me, "it must be thursday, and youmust not deny us; for although we have greater people on wednesday, theparty that day will not be so agreeable to me as your company onthursday."
the last compliment from sarah decided me, and i accepted theinvitation.
mr drummond came in, and i delivered to him mr turnbull'scheque.
he was very kind, but said little further than that he was gladthat i had promised to dine with them on thursday.
the footman came inand announced the carriage at the door, and this was a signal for me totake my leave.
sarah, as she shook hands with me, laughing, assertedthat it was not considerate in them to detain me any longer, as i musthave lost half-a-dozen good fares already; "so go down to your boat,pull off your jacket, and make up for lost time," continued she; "one ofthese days mamma and i intend to go on the water, just to patroniseyou."
i laughed and went away, but i was cruelly mortified.
i couldnot be equal to them, because i was a waterman.
the sarcasm of sarahwas not lost upon me; still there was so much kindness mixed with itthat i could not be angry with her.
on the thursday i went there, asagreed; they were quite alone; friendly and attentive; but still therewas a degree of constraint which communicated itself to me.
afterdinner mr drummond said very little; there was no renewal of offers totake me into his employ, nor any inquiry as to how i got on in theprofession which i had chosen.
on the whole, i found myselfuncomfortable, and was glad to leave early, nor did i feel at allinclined to renew my visit.
i ought to remark that mr drummond was nowmoving in a very different sphere than when i first knew him.
he wasconsignee of several large establishments abroad, and was making a rapidfortune.
his establishment was also on a very different scale, everydepartment being appointed with elegance and conducive to luxury.
as ipulled up the river something within my breast told me that thedominie's prophecy would turn out correct, and that i should one dayrepent of my having refused the advances of mr drummond--nay, i did notexactly know whether i did not, even at that moment, very much doubt thewisdom of my asserting my independence.
and now, reader, that i may not surfeit you with an uninterestingdetail, you may allow nearly two years to pass away before i recommencemy narrative.
the events of that time i shall sum up in one or twopages.
the dominie continued the even tenor of his way--blew his noseand handled his rod with as much effect as ever.
i seldom passed asunday without paying him a visit, and benefiting by his counsel.
mrturnbull was always kind and considerate, but gradually declining inhealth, having never recovered from the effects of his submersion underthe ice.
of the drummonds i saw but little; when we did meet, i waskindly received, but i never volunteered a call, and it was usually froma message through tom that i went to pay my respects.
sarah had grown avery beautiful girl, and the well-known fact of mr drummond's wealth,and her being an only daughter, was an introduction to a circle muchhigher than they had been formerly accustomed to.
every day, therefore,the disparity increased, and i felt less inclined to make my appearanceat their house.
stapleton, as usual, continued to smoke his pipe and descant upon _humannatur'_.
mary had grown into a splendid woman, but coquettish as ever.
poor tom beazeley was fairly entrapped by her charms, and was a constantattendant upon her, but she played him fast and loose--one timeencouraging and smiling on him, at another rejecting and flouting him.
still tom persevered, for he was fascinated, and having returned me themoney advanced for his wherry, he expended all his earnings on dressinghimself smartly, and making presents to her.
she had completely grownout of any control from me, and appeared to have a pleasure in doingeverything she knew i disapproved; still, we were on fair friendly termsas inmates of the same house.
old tom beazeley's board was up, and he had met with great success; andall day he might be seen hammering at the bottom of boats of everydescription, and heard, at the same time, lightening his labour with hisvariety of song.
i often called there on my way up and down the river,and occasionally passed a few hours listening to his yarns, which, likehis songs, appeared to be inexhaustible.
with respect to myself, it would be more a narrative of feelings than ofaction.
my life glided on as did my wherry--silently and rapidly.
oneday was but the forerunner of another, with slight variety of incidentand customers.
my acquaintance, as the reader knows, were but few, andmy visits occasional.
i again turned to my books during the long summerevenings, in which mary would walk out, accompanied by tom and otheradmirers.
mr turnbull's library was at my service, and i profitedmuch.
after a time reading became almost a passion, and i was seldomwithout a book in my hand.
but although i improved my mind, i did notrender myself happier.
on the contrary, i felt more and more that i hadcommitted an act of egregious folly in thus asserting my independence.
i felt that i was superior to my station in life, and that i had livedwith those who were not companions--that i had thrown away, by foolishpride, those prospects of advancement which had offered themselves, andthat i was passing my youth unprofitably.
all this crowded upon me moreand more every day, and i bitterly repented, as the dominie told me thati should, my spirit of independence--now that it was too late.
theoffers of mr drummond were never renewed, and mr turnbull, who hadformed the idea that i was still of the same opinion, and who, at thesame time, in his afflicted state--for he was a martyr to therheumatism--naturally thought more of himself and less of others, neveragain proposed that i should quit my employment.
i was still too proudto mention my wishes, and thus did i continue plying on the river,apathetic almost as to gain, and only happy when, in the pages ofhistory or among the flowers of poetry, i could dwell upon times thatwere past, or revel in imagination.
thus did reading, like the snakewhich is said to contain in its body a remedy for the poison of itsfangs, become, as it enlarged my mind, a source of discontent at myhumble situation; but, at the same time, the only solace in myunhappiness, by diverting my thoughts from the present.
pass, then,nearly two years, reader, taking the above remarks as an outline, andfilling up the picture from the colours of your imagination, withincidents of no peculiar value, and i again resume my narrative.
a chapter of losses to all but the reader, though at first tom workswith his wit, and receives the full value of his exertions--we make thevery worst bargain we ever made in our lives--we lose our fare, we loseour boat, and we lose our liberty--all loss and no profit--fair veryunfair--two guineas worth of argument not worth twopence, except on thequarter-deck of a man-of-war.
"jacob," said tom to me, pulling his wherry into the _hard_, alongsideof mine, in which i was sitting with one of mr turnbull's books in myhand; "jacob, do you recollect that my time is up to-morrow?
i shallhave run off my seven years, and when the sun rises i shall be free ofthe river.
how much more have you to serve?"
"about fifteen months, as near as i can recollect, tom.--boat, sir?"
"yes; oars, my lad; be smart, for i am in a hurry.
"down, sir, very soon; but it's now slack water.
tom, see if you canfind stapleton."
never mind him, jacob, i'll go with you.
i say, jones, tell old`_human natur'_' to look after my boat," continued tom, addressing awaterman of our acquaintance.
"i thought you had come up to see _her_," said i to tom, as we shovedoff.
"see _her_ at jericho first," replied tom "she's worse than a dog vane."
"what, are you _two_ again?"
"two indeed--it's all two--we are two fools.
she is too fanciful; i amtoo fond; she behaves too ill, and i put up with too much.
however,it's all _one_."
"i thought it was all _two_ just now, tom."
"but two may be made one, jacob, you know."
"yes, by the parson: but you are no parson."
"anyhow, i am something like one just now," replied tom, who was pullingthe foremost oar; "for you are a good clerk, and i am sitting behindyou."
"that's not so bad," observed the gentleman in the stern-sheets, whom wehad forgotten in the colloquy.
"a waterman would make but a bad parson, sir," replied tom.
"he's not likely to practice as he preaches."
"again, why so?"
"because all his life he looks one way and pulls another."
"very good--very good, indeed."
"nay, sir, good in practice, but still not good _in deed_--there's apuzzle."
"a puzzle, indeed, to find such a regular chain of repartee in awherry."
"well, sir, if i'm a regular chain to-day, i shall be like an irregularwatch to-morrow."
"why so, my lad?"
"because i shall be _out of my time_."
"take that, my lad," said the gentleman, tossing half-a-crown to tom.
"thanky, sir; when we meet again may you have no more wit than you havenow."
"how do you mean?"
"not wit enough to keep your money, sir--that's all!"
"i presume you think that i have not got much."
"which, sir; wit or money?"
"wit, my lad."
"nay, sir, i think you have both: the first you purchased just now; andyou would hardly have bought it, if you had not money to spare."
"but i mean wit of my own."
"no man has wit of his own; if he borrows it, it's not his own; if hehas it in himself, it's _mother_ wit, so it's not his."
we pulled into the stairs near london bridge, and the gentleman paid mehis fare.
"good-bye, my lad," said he to tom.
"fare-you-well, for well you've paid your fare," replied tom, holdingout his arm to assist him out of the boat.
"well, jacob, i've made moreby my head than by my hands this morning.
i wonder, in the long run,which gains most in the world."
"head, tom, depend upon it; but they work best together."
here we were interrupted--"i say, you watermen, have you a mind for agood fare?"
cried a dark-looking, not over clean, square-built, shortyoung man, standing on the top of the flight of steps.
"where to, sir?"
"gravesend, my jokers, if you ain't afraid of salt water."
"that's a long way, sir," replied tom; "and for salt water, we must havesalt to our porridge."
"so you shall, my lads, and a glass of grog into the bargain."
"yes; but the bargain a'n't made yet, sir.
jacob, will you go?"
"yes, but not under a guinea."
"not under two guineas," replied tom, aside.
"are you in a great hurry,sir?"
continued he, addressing the young man.
"yes, in a devil of a hurry; i shall lose my ship.
what will you takeme for?"
"two guineas, sir."
just come up to the public-house here, and put in mytraps."
we brought down his luggage, put it into the wherry, and started downthe river with the tide.
our fare was very communicative, and we foundout that he was the master's mate of the _immortalite_, forty-gunfrigate, lying off gravesend, which was to drop down next morning andwait for sailing orders at the downs.
we carried the tide with us, andin the afternoon were close to the frigate, whose blue ensign wavedproudly over the taffrail.
there was a considerable sea arising fromthe wind meeting the tide, and before we arrived close to her we hadshipped a great deal of water; and when we were alongside, the wherry,with the chest in her bows, pitched so heavily that we were afraid ofbeing swamped.
just as a rope had been made fast to the chest, and theywere weighing it out of the wherry, the ship's launch with water camealongside, and, whether from accident or wilfully, i know not, althoughi suspect the latter, the midshipman who steered her shot her againstthe wherry, which was crushed in, and immediately filled, leaving tomand me in the water, and in danger of being jammed to death between thelaunch and the side of the frigate.
the seamen in the boat, however,forced her off with their oars, and hauled us in, while our wherry sankwith her gunwale even with the water's edge, and floated away astern.
as soon as we had shaken ourselves a little, we went up the side, andasked one of the officers to send a boat to pick up our wherry.
"speak to the first lieutenant--there he is," was the reply.
i went up to the person pointed out to me; "if you please, sir--""what the devil do you want?"
"a boat, sir, to--""a boat!
the devil you do!"
"to pick up our wherry, sir," interrupted tom.
"pick it up yourself," said the first lieutenant, passing us, andhailing the men aloft.
"maintop, there, hook on your stays.
lower away the yards.
marines and after-guard, clear launch.
"pipe marines and after-guard to clear launch."
"aye, aye, sir."
"but we shall lose our boat, jacob," said tom to me.
"they stove it in,and they ought to pick it up."
tom then went up to the master's mate,which he had brought on board, and explained our difficulty.
"upon my soul, i dar'n't say a word.
i'm in a scrape for breaking myleave.
why the devil didn't you take care of your wherry, and haula-head when you saw the launch coming?"
"how could we, when the chest was hoisting out?"
well, i am very sorry for you, but i must look after mychest."
so saying, he disappeared down the gangway ladder.
"i'll try it again, anyhow," said tom, going up to the first lieutenant.
"hard case to lose our boat and our bread, sir," said tom touching hishat.
the first lieutenant, now that the marines and after-guard were at aregular stamp and go, had, unfortunately more leisure to attend to us.
he looked at us earnestly, and walked aft to see if the wherry was yetin sight.
at that moment up came the master's mate, who had not yetreported himself to the first lieutenant.
"tom," said i, "there is a wherry close to, let us get into it, and goafter our boat ourselves."
"wait one moment to see if they will help us--and get our money, at allevents," replied tom; and we both walked aft.
"come on board, sir," said the master's mate, touching his hat withhumility.
"you've broke your leave, sir," replied the first lieutenant, "and nowi've to send a boat to pick up the wherry through your carelessness."
"if you please, they are two very fine young men," observed the mate.
"make capital foretopmen.
boat's not worth sending for, sir."
this hint, given by the mate to the first lieutenant, to regain hisfavour, was not lost.
"who are you, my lads?"
said the first lieutenantto us.
was that your own boat?"
"no, sir," replied i; "it belongs to the man that i serve with."
"oh, not your own boat?
are you an apprentice, then?"
"yes, sir, both apprentices."
"show me your indentures."
"we don't carry them about with us."
"then how am i to know that you are apprentices?"
"we can prove it, sir, if you wish it."
"i do wish it; at all events, the captain will wish it."
"will you please to send for the boat, sir?
she's almost out of sight."
"no, my lads, i can't find king's boats for such service."
"then we had better go ourselves, tom," said i, and we went forward tocall the waterman, who was lying on his oars close to the frigate.
"stop--stop--not so fast.
where are you going, my lads?"
"to pick up our boat, sir."
"without my leave, heh?"
"we don't belong to the frigate, sir."
"no; but i think it very likely that you will, for you have noprotections."
"we can send for them, and have them down by to-morrow morning."
"well, you may do so if you please, my lads; but you can not expect meto believe everything that is told me.
now, for instance, how long haveyou to serve, my lad?"
said he, addressing tom.
"my time is up to-morrow, sir."
why, then, i shall detain you until tomorrow, and then ishall press you."
"if you detain me now, sir, i am pressed to-day."
you are only detained until you prove your apprenticeship,that's all."
"nay, sir, i certainly am pressed during my apprenticeship."
"not at all, and i'll prove it to you.
you don't belong to the shipuntil you are victualled on her books.
now i sha'n't _victual_ youto-day, and therefore you won't be _pressed_."
"i shall be pressed with hunger at all events," replied tom, who nevercould lose a joke.
"no you sha'n't; for i'll send you both a good dinner out of thegun-room.
so you won't be pressed at all," replied the lieutenant,laughing at tom's reply.
"you will allow me to go, sir, at all events," replied i; for i knewthat the only chance of getting tom and myself clear was my hastening tomr drummond for assistance.
nonsense; you must both row in the same boat as you have done.
the fact is, my lads, i've taken a great fancy to you both, and i can'tmake up my mind to part with you."
"it's hard to lose our bread this way," replied i.
"we will find you bread, and hard enough you will find it," replied thelieutenant, laughing; "it's like a flint."
"so we ask for bread, and you give us a stone," said tom; "that's'gainst scripture."
"very true, my lad; but the fact is, all the scriptures in the worldwon't man the frigate.
men we must have, and get them how we can, andwhere we can, and when we can.
necessity has no law; at least itobliges us to break through all laws.
after all, there's no greathardship in serving the king for a year or two, and filling your pocketswith prize-money.
suppose you volunteer?"
"will you allow us to go on shore for half-an-hour to think about it?"
i'm afraid of the crimps dissuading you.
but i'll give you tillto-morrow morning, and then i shall be sure of one at all events."
"thanky for me," replied tom.
"you're very welcome," replied the first lieutenant, as, laughing at us,he went down the companion-ladder to his dinner.
"well, jacob, we are in for it," said tom, as soon as we were alone.
"depend upon it there's no mistake this time."
"i am afraid not," replied i, "unless we can get a letter to yourfather, or mr drummond, who, i am sure, would help us.
but that dirtyfellow, who gave the lieutenant the hint, said the frigate sailedto-morrow morning; there he is, let us speak to him."
"when does the frigate sail!"
said tom to the master's mate, who waswalking the deck.
"my good fellow, it's not the custom on board of a man-of-war for men toask officers to answer such impertinent questions.
it's quitesufficient for you to know that when the frigate sails you will have thepleasure of sailing in her."
"well, sir," replied i, nettled at his answer, "at all events you willhave the goodness to pay us our fare.
we have lost our wherry, and ourliberty, perhaps, through you; we may as well have our two guineas."
it's two guineas you want, heh."
"yes, sir, that was the fare we agreed upon."
"why you must observe, my men," said the master's mate, hooking a thumbinto each armhole of his waistcoat, "there must be a little explanationas to that affair.
i promised you two guineas as watermen; but now thatyou belong to a man-of-war, you are no longer watermen.
i always pay mydebts honourably when i can find the lawful creditors; but where are thewatermen?"
"here we are sir."
"no, my lads, you are men-of-war's men now, and that quite alters thecase."
"but we are not so yet, sir; even if it did alter the case, we are notpressed yet."
"well, then, you'll be to-morrow, perhaps; at all events we shall see.
if you are allowed to go on shore again, i owe you two guineas aswatermen; and if you are detained as men-of-war's men, why then you willonly have done your duty in pulling down one of your officers.
you see,my lads, i say nothing but what's fair."
"well, sir, but when you hired us we were watermen," replied tom.
"very true, so you were; but recollect the two guineas were not dueuntil you had completed your task, which was not until you came onboard.
when you came on board you were pressed, and became men-of-war'smen.
you should have asked for your fare before the first lieutenantgot hold of you.
don't you perceive the justice of my remarks?"
"can't say i do, sir; but i perceive there's very little chance of ourbeing paid," said tom.
"you are a lad of discrimination," replied the master's mate.
"and nowi advise you to drop the subject, or you may induce me to pay you`man-of-war fashion.'"
"how's that, sir?"
"over the face and eyes, as the cat paid the monkey," replied themaster's mate, walking leisurely away.
"no go, tom," said i, smiling at the absurdity of the arguments.
"i'm afraid it's _no go_ in every way, jacob.
however, i don't caremuch about it.
i have had a little hankering after seeing the world,and perhaps now's as well as an other time; but i'm sorry for you,jacob."
"it's all my own fault," replied i; and i fell into one of thosereveries so often indulged in of late, as to the folly of my conduct inasserting my independence, which had now ended in my losing my liberty.
but we were cold from the ducking we had received, and moreover, veryhungry.
the first lieutenant did not forget his promise: he sent us agood dinner, and a glass of grog each, which we discussed under thehalf-deck, between two of the guns.
we had some money in our pockets,and we purchased some sheets of paper from the bum-boat people, who wereon the main-deck supplying the seamen, and i wrote to mr drummond andmr turnbull, as well as to mary and old tom, requesting the two latterto forward our clothes to deal, in case of our being detained.
tom alsowrote to comfort his mother, and the greatest comfort which he couldgive was, as he said, to promise to keep sober.
having entrusted theseletters to the bumboat woman, who promised faithfully to put them intothe post-office, we had then nothing else to do but to look out for someplace to sleep.
our clothes had dried on us, and we were walking underthe half-deck: but not a soul spoke to, or even took the least notice ofus.
in a newly-manned ship just ready to sail there is a universalfeeling of selfishness prevailing among the ship's company.
some, ifnot most, had, like us, been pressed, and their thoughts were occupiedwith their situation and the change in their prospects.
others werebusy making their little arrangements with their wives or relations;while the mass of the seamen, not yet organised by discipline or knownto each other, were in a state of disunion and individuality, whichnaturally induced every man to look after himself without caring for hisneighbour.
we therefore could not expect, nor did we receive, anysympathy; we were in a scene of bustle and noise, yet alone.
a sparetopsail, which had been stowed for the present between two of the guns,was the best accommodation which offered itself.
we took possession ofit, and, tired with exertion of mind and body, were soon fast asleep.
there are many ups and downs in this world--we find ourselves in thedowns--our captain comes on board, and gives us a short sermon uponantipathies, which most of us never heard the like of--he sets us allupon the go with his stop watch, and never calls the watch until thewatch is satisfied with all hands.
at daylight the next morning we were awakened with a start by the shrillwhistles of the boatswain and his mates piping all hands to unmoor.
thepilot was on board, and the wind was fair.
as the frigate had no anchordown, but was hanging to the moorings in the river, we had nothing to dobut to cast off, sheet home, and in less than half-an-hour we were underall sail, stemming the last quarter of the flood tide.
tom and i hadremained on the gangway watching the proceedings but not assisting, whenthe ship being fairly under sail, the order was given by the firstlieutenant to coil down the ropes.
"i think, jacob, we may as well help," said tom laying hold of the maintack, which was passed aft, and hauling it forward.
"with all my heart," replied i, and i hauled it forward, while he coiledit away.
while we were thus employed the first lieutenant walked forward andrecognised us.
"that's what i like, my lads," said he; "you don't sulk,i see, and i sha'n't forget it."
"i hope you won't forget that we are apprentices, sir, and allow us togo on shore," replied i.
"i've a shocking bad memory in some things," was his reply, as hecontinued forward to the forecastle.
he did not, however, forget tovictual us that day, and insert our names, in pencil, upon the ship'sbooks; but we were not put into any mess, or stationed.
we anchored in the downs on the following morning.
it came on to blowhard in the afternoon, and there was no communication with the shore,except the signal was made, third day, when it moderated, and the signalwas made "prepare to weigh, and send boat for captain."
in the meantimeseveral boats came off, and one had a postman on board.
i had lettersfrom mr drummond and mr turnbull, telling me that they wouldimmediately apply to the admiralty for our being liberated, and one frommary, half of which was for me, and the rest to tom.
stapleton hadtaken tom's wherry and pulled down to old tom beazeley with my clothes,which, with young tom's, had been despatched to deal.
tom had a letterfrom his mother, half indited by his father, and the rest from herself;but i shall not trouble the reader with the contents, as he may imaginewhat was likely to be said upon such an occasion.
shortly afterwards our clothes, which had been sent to the care of anold shipmate of tom's father, were brought on board, and we hardly hadreceived them when the signalman reported that the captain was comingoff.
there were so many of the men in the frigate who had never seenthe captain that no little anxiety was shown by the ship's company toascertain how far, by the "_cut of his jib_," that is, his outwardappearance, they might draw conclusions as to what they might expectfrom one who had such unlimited power to make them happy or miserable.
i was looking out of the maindeck port with tom, when the gig pulledalongside, and was about to scrutinise the outward and visible signs ofthe captain, when i was attracted by the face of a lieutenant sitting byhis side, whom i immediately recognised.
it was mr wilson, the officerwho had spun the oar and sunk the wherry, from which, as the reader mayremember, i rescued my friends, the senior and junior clerk.
i wasoverjoyed at this, as i hoped that he would interest himself in ourfavour.
the pipe of the boatswain re-echoed as the captain ascended theside.
he appeared on the quarter-deck--every hat descending to do himhonour; the marines presented arms, and the marine officer at their headlowered the point of his sword.
in return, the omnipotent personage,taking his cocked hat with two fingers and a thumb, by the highest peak,lifted it one inch off his head, and replaced it, desiring the marineofficer to dismiss the guard.
i had now an opportunity, as he paced toand fro with the first lieutenant, to examine his appearance.
he was atall, very large-boned, gaunt man, with an enormous breadth ofshoulders, displaying herculean strength (and this we found he eminentlypossessed).
his face was of a size corresponding to his large frame;his features were harsh, his eye piercing, but his nose, although bold,was handsome, and his capacious mouth was furnished with the mostsplendid row of large teeth that i ever beheld.
the character of hiscountenance was determination rather than severity.
when he smiled theexpression was agreeable.
his gestures and his language were emphatic,and the planks trembled with his elephantine walk.
he had been on board about ten minutes, when he desired the firstlieutenant to turn the hands up, and all the men were ordered on thelarboard side of the quarter-deck.
as soon as they were all gatheredtogether, looking with as much awe on the captain as a flock of sheep ata strange, mischief-meaning dog, he thus addressed them--"my lads, as itso happens that we are all to trust to the same planks, it may be justas well that we should understand one another.
i _like_ to see myofficers attentive to their duty, and behave themselves as gentlemen.
i_like_ to see my men well disciplined, active, and sober.
what i _like_i _will have_--you understand me.
now," continued he, putting on astern look--"now, just look in my face, and see if you think you canplay with me."
the men looked in his face, and saw that there was nochance of playing with him; and so they expressed by their countenances.
the captain appeared satisfied by their mute acknowledgments, and toencourage them, smiled, and showed his white teeth, as he desired thefirst lieutenant to pipe down.
as soon as the scene was over, i walked up to mr wilson, thelieutenant, who was standing aft, and accosted him.
"perhaps, sir, youdo not recollect me; but we met one night when you were sinking in awherry, and you asked my name."
"and i recollect it, my lad; it was faithful, was it not?"
"yes, sir;" and i then entered into an explanation of our circumstances,and requested his advice and assistance.
he shook his head.
"our captain," said he, "is a very strange person.
he has commanding interest, and will do more in defiance of the rules ofthe admiralty than any one in the service.
if an admiralty order camedown to discharge you, he would obey it; but as for regulations, hecares very little for them.
besides, we sail in an hour.
however, iwill speak to him, although i shall probably get a rap on the knuckles,as it is the business of the first lieutenant, and not mine."
"but, sir, if you requested the first lieutenant to speak?"
"if i did, he would not, in all probability; men are too valuable, andthe first lieutenant knows that the captain would not like to dischargeyou.
he will, therefore, say nothing until it is too late, and thenthrow all the blame upon himself for forgetting it.
our captain hassuch interest that his recommendation would give a commander's rankto-morrow, and we must all take care of ourselves.
however, i will try,although i can give you very little hopes."
mr wilson went up to the captain, who was still walking with the firstlieutenant, and, touching his hat, introduced the subject, stating, asan apology, that he was acquainted with me.
"oh, if the man is an acquaintance of yours, mr wilson, we certainlymust decide," replied the captain with mock politeness.
"where is he?"
i advanced, and tom followed me.
we stated our case.
"i always like toput people out of suspense," said the captain, "because it unsettles aman--so now hear me; if i happened to press one of the blood-royal, andthe king, and the queen, and all the little princesses were to go downon their knees, i'd keep him, without an admiralty order for hisdischarge.
now, my lads, do you perceive your chance?"
then turningaway to mr wilson, he said, "you will oblige me by stating upon whatgrounds you ventured to interfere in behalf of these men, and i trustyour explanation will be satisfactory.
mr knight," continued he, tothe first lieutenant, "send these men down below, watch, and stationthem."
we went below by the gangway ladder and watched the conference betweenthe captain and mr wilson, who, we were afraid, had done himself nogood by trying to assist us.
but when it was over the captain appearedpleased, and mr wilson walked away with a satisfied air.
as iafterwards discovered it did me no little good.
the hands were piped todinner, and after dinner we weighed and made sail, and thus were tom andi fairly, or rather unfairly, embarked in his majesty's service.
"well, tom," said i, "it's no use crying.
what's done can't be helped;here we are; now let us do all we can to make friends."
"that's just my opinion, jacob.
hang care; it killed the cat; i shallmake the best of it, and i don't see why we may not be as happy here asanywhere else.
father says we may, if we do our duty, and i don't meanto shirk mine.
the more the merrier, they say, and i'll be hanged butthere's not enough of us here."
i hardly need say that, for the first three or four days, we were notvery comfortable; we had been put into the seventh mess, and werestationed in the foretop; for although we had not been regularly bred upas seaman, the first lieutenant so decided, saying, that he was surethat, in a few weeks, there would be no smarter men in the ship.
we were soon clear of the channel, and all hands were anxious to knowour destination, which, in this almost solitary instance, had beenreally kept a secret, although surmises were correct.
there is onepoint which, by the present arrangements, invariably makes known whethera ship is "fitting foreign," or for home service, which is, by thestores and provisions ordered on board; and these stores are soarranged, according to the station to which the vessel is bound, that itis generally pretty well known what her destination is to be.
this isbad, and at the same time easily remedied; for if every ship, whetherfor home service or foreign, was ordered to fit foreign, no one would beable to ascertain where she was about to proceed.
with a very littletrouble strict secrecy might be preserved, now that the navy board isabolished; but during its existence that was impossible.
the_immortalite_ was a very fast sailing vessel, and when the captain(whose name i have forgotten to mention, it was hector maclean) openedhis sealed orders, we found that we were to cruise for two monthsbetween the western isles and madeira, in quest of some privateers,which had captured many of our outward-bound west indiamen,notwithstanding they were well protected by convoy, and, after thatperiod, to join the admiral at halifax, and relieve a frigate which hadbeen many years on that station.
in a week we were on our station, theweather was fine, and the whole of the day was passed in training themen to the guns, small arms, making and shortening sail, reefingtopsails, and manoeuvring the ship.
the captain would never give up hispoint, and sometimes we were obliged to make or shorten sail twentytimes running until he was satisfied.
"my lads," he would say to the ship's company, sending for them aft,"you have done this pretty well; you have only been two minutes; not badfor a new ship's company, but i _like_ it done in a minute and a-half.
we'll try again."
and sure enough it was try again, until in a minuteand a-half it was accomplished.
then the captain would say, "i knew youcould do it, and having once done it, my lads, of course you can do itagain."
tom and i adhered to our good resolutions.
we were as active and asforward as we could be; and mr knight, the first lieutenant, pointed usout to the captain.
as soon as the merits of the different men wereascertained, several alterations were made in the watch and stationbills, as well as in the ratings on the ship's books, and tom and i weremade _second_ captains, larboard and starboard, of the foretop.
thiswas great promotion for so young hands, especially as we were not bredas regular sailors; but it was for the activity and zeal which wedisplayed.
tom was a great favourite among the men, always joking, andready for any lark or nonsense; moreover, he used to mimic the captain,which few others dared do.
he certainly seldom ventured to do it below;it was generally in the foretop, where he used to explain to the menwhat he _liked_.
one day we both ventured it, but it was on an occasionwhich excused it.
tom and i were aft, sitting in the jolly boat astern,fitting some of her gear, for we belonged to the boat at that time,although we were afterwards shifted into the cutter.
the frigate wasgoing about four knots through the water, and the sea was pretty smooth.
one of the marines fell overboard, out of the forechains.
"manoverboard," was cried out immediately, and the men [became] very busyclearing away the starboard cutter, with all the expedition requisite onsuch an occasion.
the captain was standing aft on the signal chest whenthe marine passed astern; the poor fellow could not swim, and tomturning to me said, "jacob, i should _like_ to save that jolly," andimmediately dashed overboard.
"and i should _like_ to help you, tom," cried i, following him.
the captain was close to us, and heard us both.
between us we easilyheld up the marine, and the boat had us all on board in less than aminute.
when we came on deck the captain was at the gangway.
he showedhis white teeth, and shook the telescope in his hand at us.
"i heardyou both; and i should _like_ to have a good many more impudent fellowslike you."
we continued our cruise, looking sharp out for the privateers, butwithout success; we then touched at madeira for intelligence, and wereinformed that they had been seen more to the southward.
the frigate'shead was turned in that direction until we were abreast of the canaryisles, and then we traversed east and west, north or south, just as thewind and weather, or the captain's _like_ thought proper.
we had nowcruised seven weeks out of our time without success, and the captainpromised five guineas to the man who should discover the objects of oursearch.
often did tom and i climb to the mast-head and scan thehorizon, and so did many others: but those who were stationed at thelook-out were equally on the alert.
the ship's company were now in avery fair state of discipline, owing to the incessant practice, andevery evening the hands were turned up to skylark--that is, to play andamuse themselves.
there was one amusement which was the occasion of agreat deal of mirth, and it was a favourite one of the captain's, as itmade the men smart.
it is called, "follow my leader."
one of the menleads, and all who choose follow him: sometimes forty or fifty willjoin.
whatever the leader does, the rest must do also; wherever he goesthey must follow.
tom, who was always the foremost for fun, was one daythe leader, and after having scampered up the rigging, laid out on theyards, climbed in by the lifts, crossed from mast to mast by the stays,slid down by the backstays, blacked his face in the funnel, in all whichmotions he was followed by about thirty others, hallooing and laughing,while the officers and other men were looking on and admiring theiragility, a novel idea came into tom's head; it was then about seveno'clock in the evening, the ship was lying becalmed, tom again sprang upthe rigging, laid out to the main yard-arm, followed by me and the rest,and as soon as he was at the boom iron, he sprang up, holding by thelift, and crying out, "follow my leader," leaped from the yard-arm intothe sea.
i was second, and crying out, "follow my leader" to the rest,i followed him, and the others, whether they could swim or not, did thesame, it being a point of honour not to refuse.
the captain was just coming up the ladder, when he saw, as he imagined,a man tumble overboard, which was tom in his descent; but how much morewas he astonished at seeing twenty or thirty more tumbling off by twosor threes, until it appeared that half the ship's company wereoverboard.
some of the men who could not swim, but were too proud torefuse to follow, were nearly drowned.
as it was, the first lieutenantwas obliged to lower the cutter to pick them up, and they were allbrought on board.
"confound that fellow," said the captain to the first lieutenant; "he isalways at the head of all mischief.
follow my leader, indeed!
send tombeazeley here."
we all thought that tom was about to catch it.
"harkye, my lad," said the captain; "a joke's a joke, but everybody can'tswim as well as you.
i can't afford to lose any of my men by yourpranks, so don't try that again--i don't _like_ it."
every one thought that tom got off very cheaply; but he was a favouritewith the captain, although that never appeared but indirectly; "begpardon, sir," replied tom, with great apparent humility, "but they wereall so dirty--they'd blacked themselves at the funnel, and i thought alittle washing would not do them any harm."
"be off, sir, and recollect what i have said," replied the captain,turning away, and showing his white teeth.
i heard the first lieutenant say to the captain, "he's worth any ten menin the ship, sir.
he keeps them all alive and merry, sets such a goodexample."
"to be, or not to be," that is the question--splinters on board of aman-of-war very different from splinters in the finger on shore--tomprevents this narrative from being wound up by my going down--i receivea lawyer's letter, and instead of being annoyed, am delighted with it.
in the meantime, tom had gone up to the fore-royal arm, and was lookinground for the five guineas, and just as the conversation was going on,cried out, "sail ho!"
"strange sail reported."
"where," cried the first lieutenant, going forward.
"right under the sun."
"mast-head there--do you make her out?"
"yes, sir; i think she's a schooner; but i can only see down to hermainyard."
"that's one of them, depend upon it," said the captain.
"up there, mr wilson, and see what you make of her.
who is the man whoreported it?"
"tom beazeley, sir."
"confound that fellow, he makes all my ship's company jump overboard,and now i must give him five guineas.
what do you make of her, mrwilson?"
"a low schooner, sir, very rakish indeed, black sides.
i cannot makeout her ports; but i should think she can show a very pretty set ofteeth.
she is becalmed as well as we."
"well, then, we must whistle for a breeze.
in the meantime, mr knight,we will have the boats all ready."
if you whistle long enough the wind is certain to come.
in about anhour the breeze did come, and we took it down with us; but it was toodark to distinguish the schooner, which we had lost sight of as soon asthe sun had set.
about midnight the breeze failed us, and it was againcalm.
the captain and most of the officers were up all night, and thewatch were employed preparing the boats for service.
it was my morningwatch, and at break of day i saw the schooner from the foresail-yardabout four miles to the north west.
i ran down on deck and reportedher.
"very good, my lad.
i have her, mr knight," said the captain, who haddirected his glass to where i pointed; "and i will have her too, one wayor the other.
no signs of wind.
lower down the cutters.
get the yardsand stays hooked all ready.
we'll wait a little, and see a little moreof her when it's broad daylight."
at broad daylight the schooner, with her appointments, was distinctly tobe made out.
she was pierced for sixteen guns, and was a formidablevessel to encounter with the boats.
the calm still continuing, thelaunch, yawl, and pinnace were hoisted out, manned, and armed.
theschooner got out her sweeps, and was evidently preparing for theirreception.
still the captain appeared unwilling to risk the lives ofhis men in such a dangerous conflict, and there we all lay alongside,each man sitting in his place with his oar raised on end.
cat's-paws ofwind, as they call them, flew across the water here and there, rufflingits smooth surface, portending that a breeze would soon spring up, andthe hopes of this chance rendered the captain undecided.
thus did weremain alongside, for tom and i were stationed in the first and secondcutters until twelve o'clock, when we were ordered out to take a hastydinner, and the allowance of spirits was served out.
at one it wasstill calm.
had we started when the boats were first hoisted out theaffair would have been long before decided.
at last, the captain,perceiving that the chance of a breeze was still smaller then than inthe forenoon, ordered the boats to shove off.
we were still about thesame distance from the privateer, from three-and-a-half to four miles.
in less than half-an-hour we were within gun-shot; the privateer swepther broadside to us, and commenced firing guns with single round shot,and with great precision.
they _ricochetted_ over the boats, and atevery shot we made sure of our being struck.
at this time a slightbreeze swept along the water.
it reached the schooner, filled hersails, and she increased her distance.
again it died away, and weneared her fast.
she swept round again, and recommenced firing, and oneof her shot passed through the second cutter, in which i was stationed,ripping open three of her planks, and wounding two men beside me.
theboat, heavy with the gun, ammunition chests, etcetera, immediatelyfilled and turned over with us, and it was with difficulty that we couldescape from the weighty hamper that was poured out of her.
one of thepoor fellows, who had not been wounded, remained entangled under theboat, and never rose again.
the remainder of the crew rose to thesurface and clung to the side of the boat.
the first cutter hauled toour assistance, for we had separated to render the shot less effectual;but it was three or four minutes before she was able to render us anyassistance, during which time the other two wounded men, who had beenapparently injured in the legs or body, exhausted with loss of blood,gradually unloosed their holds and disappeared under the calm, bluewater.
i had received a splinter in my left arm, and held on longerthan the others who had been maimed, but i could not hold on till thecutter came.
i lost my recollection, and sank.
tom, who was in the bowof the cutter, perceiving me go down, dived after me, brought me upagain to the surface, and we were both hauled in.
the other five menwere also saved.
as soon as we were picked up, the cutter followed theother boats, which continued to advance towards the privateer.
irecovered my senses, and found that a piece of one of the thwarts of theboat, broken off by the shot, had been forced through the fleshy part ofmy arm below the elbow, where it still remained.
it was a verydangerous as well as a painful wound.
the officer of the boat, withoutasking me, laid hold of the splinter and tore it out; but the pain wasso great, from its jagged form, and the effusion of blood so excessiveafter this operation, that i again fainted.
fortunately no artery waswounded, or i must have lost my arm.
they bound it up, and laid me atthe bottom of the boat.
the firing from the schooner was now very warm;and we were within a quarter of a mile of her, when the breeze sprangup, and she increased her distance a mile.
there was a prospect of windfrom the appearance of the sky, although, for a time, it again diedaway.
we were within less than half-a-mile of the privateer, when weperceived that the frigate was bringing up a smart breeze, and rapidlyapproached the scene of conflict.
the breeze swept along the water and caught the sails of the privateer,and she was again, in spite of all the exertions of our wearied men, outof gun-shot; and the first lieutenant very properly decided upon makingfor the frigate, which was now within a mile of us.
in less than tenminutes the boats were hoisted in; and the wind now rising fast, we wereunder all sail, going at the rate of seven miles an hour; the privateerhaving also gained the breeze, and gallantly holding her own.
i was taken down into the cockpit, the only wounded man brought onboard.
the surgeon examined my arm, and at first shook his head, and iexpected immediate amputation; but on re-examination he gave his opinionthat the limb might be saved.
my wound was dressed, and i was put intomy hammock, in a screened bulk under the half-deck, where the coolingbreeze from the ports fanned my feverish cheeks.
but i must return tothe chase.
in less than an hour the wind had increased, so that we could withdifficulty carry our royals; the privateer was holding her own aboutthree miles right a-head, keeping our three masts in one.
at sunsetthey were forced to take in the royals, and the sky gave every prospectof a rough gale.
still we carried on every stitch of canvas which thefrigate could bear; keeping the chase in sight with our night-glasses,and watching all her motions.
the breeze increased; before morning there was a heavy sea, and thefrigate could only carry top-gallant sails over double-reefed top-sails.
at daylight we had neared the schooner, by the sextants, about aquarter of a mile, and the captain and officers went down to take somerepose and refreshment, not having quitted the deck for twenty-fourhours.
all that day did we chase the privateer, without gaining morethan a mile upon her, and it now blew up a furious gale: the topgallantsails had been before taken in; the top-sails were close reefed, and wewere running at the speed of nearly twelve miles an hour; still so welldid the privateer sail, that she was barely within gunshot when the sunwent down below the horizon, angry and fiery red.
there was now greatfear that she would escape, from the difficulty of keeping the glassesupon her during the night, in a heavy sea, and the expectation that shewould furl all sail and allow us to pass her.
it appeared, however,that this manoeuvre did not enter into the head of the captain of theprivateer; he stood on under a press of sail, which even in day-timewould have been considered alarming; and at daylight, owing to thesteerage during the night never being so correct as during the day, shehad recovered her distance, and was about four miles from us.
the gale,if anything, had increased, and captain maclean determined,notwithstanding, to shake a reef out of the topsails.
in the morning, as usual, tom came to my cot, and asked me how i was?
itold him i was better and in less pain, and that the surgeon hadpromised to dress my wound after breakfast, for the bandages had notbeen removed since i had first come on board.
"and the privateer, tom,i hope we shall take her; it will be some comfort to me that she iscaptured."
"i think we shall, if the masts stand, jacob; but we have an enormouspress of sail, as you may guess by the way in which the frigate jumps;there is no standing on the forecastle, and there is a regular waterfalldown in the waist from forward.
we are nearing her now.
it isbeautiful to see how she behaves: when she heels over, we can perceivethat all her men are lashed on deck, and she takes whole seas into herfore and aft mainsail, and pours them out again as she rises from thelurch.
she deserves to escape, at all events."
she did not, however, obtain her deserts, for about twelve o'clock inthe day we were within a mile of her.
at two, the marines were firingsmall arms at her, for we would not yaw to fire at her a gun, althoughshe was right under our bows.
when within a cable's length we shortenedsail, so as to keep at that distance astern, and the chase, after havinglost several men by musketry, the captain of her waved his hat in tokenof surrender.
we immediately shortened sail to keep the weather-gage,pelting her until every sail was lowered down: we then rounded to,keeping her under our lee, and firing at every man who made hisappearance on deck.
taking possession of her was a difficult task: aboat could hardly live in such a sea and when the captain called aloudfor volunteers, and i heard tom's voice in the cutter as it was loweringdown, my heart misgave me lest he should meet with some accident.
atlast i knew, from the conversation on deck, that the cutter had got safeon board, and my mind was relieved.
the surgeon came up and dressed myarm, and i then received comparative bodily as well as mental relief.
it was not until the next day, when we lay to, with the schooner closeto us, that the weather became sufficiently moderate to enable us toreceive the prisoners, and put our own men and officers on board.
theprize proved to be an american-built schooner, fitted out as a frenchprivateer.
she was called the _cerf agile_, mounting fourteen guns, ofnearly three hundred tons measurement, and with a crew of one hundredand seventy men, of which forty-eight were away in prizes.
it wasperhaps fortunate that the boats were not able to attack her, as theywould have received a very warm reception.
thus did we succeed incapturing this mischievous vessel, after a chase of two hundred andseventy miles.
as soon as all the arrangements were made, we shaped ourcourse, with the privateer in company, for halifax, where we arrived inabout five weeks.
my wound was now nearly healed, but my arm had wastedaway, and i was unable to return to my duty.
it was well known that iwrote a good hand, and i volunteered, as i could do nothing else, toassist the purser and the clerk with the ship's books, etcetera.
the admiral was at bermuda, and the frigate which we were to relievehad, from the exigence of the service, been despatched down to thehonduras, and was not expected back for some months.
we sailed fromhalifax to bermuda, and joined the admiral, and after three weeks wewere ordered on a cruise.
my arm was now perfectly recovered, but i hadbecome so useful in the clerk's office that i was retained, much againstmy own wishes: but the captain _liked_ it, as tom said and after thatthere was no more said about the matter.
america was not the seat of war at that period; and, with the exceptionof chasing french runners, there was nothing to be done on the northamerican station.
i have, therefore, little to narrate during theremainder of the time that i was on board the frigate.
tom did his dutyin the foretop, and never was in any disgrace; on the contrary, he was agreat favourite both with officers and men, and took more liberties withthe captain than any one else dared to have done; but captain macleanknew that tom was one of his foremost and best men, always active,zealous, and indifferent as to danger, and tom knew exactly how far hecould venture to play with him.
i remained in the clerk's office, andas it was soon discovered that i had received an excellent education,and always behaved myself respectfully to my superiors, i was kindlytreated, and had no reason to complain of a man-of-war.
such was the state of affairs when the other frigate arrived from thehonduras, and we, who had been cruising for the last four months inboston bay, were ordered in by a cutter, to join the admiral at halifax.
we had now been nearly a year from england without receiving anyletters.
the reader may, therefore, judge of my impatience when, afterthe anchor had been let go and the sails furled, the admiral's boat cameon board with several bags of letters for the officers and ship'scompany.
they were handed down into the gun-room, and i waited withimpatience for the sorting and distribution.
"faithful," said the purser, "here are two letters for you."
i thanked him, and hastened into the clerk's office, that i might readthem without interruption.
the first was addressed in a formal handquite unknown to me.
i opened it with some degree of wonderment as towho could possibly write to so humble an individual!
it was from alawyer, and the contents were as follows:--  sir--we hasten to advise you of the death of your good friend mr  alexander turnbull.
by his will, which has been opened and read, and  of which you are the executor, he has made you his sole heir,  bequeathing you, at the present, the sum of 30,000 pounds, with the  remainder of his fortune at the demise of his wife.
with the  exception of 5000 pounds left to mrs turnbull for her own disposal,  the legacies do not amount to more than 800 pounds.
the jointure  arising from the interest of the money secured to mrs turnbull during  her life is 1080 pounds per annum, upon the three per cent, consols,  so that at her demise you will come into 36,000 pounds consols, which  at 76, will be equal to 27,360 pounds sterling.
i beg to congratulate  you upon your good fortune, and, with mr drummond, have made  application to the admiralty for your discharge.
this application, i  am happy to say, has been immediately attended to, and by the same  mail that conveys this letter is forwarded an order for your discharge  and a passage home.
should you think proper to treat our firm as your  legal advisers, we shall be most happy to enrol you among our clients.
i am, sir, yours very respectfully, john fletcher.
i must leave the reader to judge of this unexpected and welcomecommunication.
at first i was so stunned that i appeared as a statue,with the letter in my hand, and in this condition i remained untilroused by the first lieutenant, who had come to the office to desire meto pass the word for "letters for england," and to desire the sail-makerto make a bag.
"faithful--why what's the matter?
are you ill, or--?"
i could notreply, but i put the letter into his hand.
he read the contents,expressed his astonishment by occasional exclamations.
"i wish you joy,my lad, and may it be my turn next time.
no wonder you looked like astuck pig.
had i received such news the captain might have hallooedtill he was hoarse, and the ship might have tumbled overboard before ishould have roused myself.
well, i suppose we shall get no more workout of you--""the captain wants you, mr knight," said one of the midshipmen,touching his hat.
mr knight went into the cabin, and in a few minutes returned, holdingthe order for my discharge in his hand.
"it's all right, faithful, here is your discharge, and an order for yourpassage home."
he laid it on the table, and then went away, for a first lieutenant inharbour has no time to lose.
the next person who came was tom, holdingin his hand a letter from mary, with a postscript from his mother.
"well, jacob," said he, "i have news to tell you.
mary says that mrturnbull is dead, and has left her father 200 pounds, and that she hasbeen told that he has left you something handsome."
"he has indeed, tom," replied i; "read this letter."
while tom was reading, i perceived the letter from mr drummond, which ihad forgotten.
i opened it.
it communicated the same intelligence asthat of the lawyer, in fewer words; recommended my immediate return, andenclosed a bill upon his house for 100 pounds, to enable me to appear ina manner corresponding to my present condition.
"well," said tom, "this is, indeed, good news, jacob.
you are agentleman at last, as you deserve to be.
it has made me so happy; whatdo you mean to do?"
"i have my discharge here," replied i, "and am ordered a passage home."
i am so happy, jacob; so happy.
but what _is_ to becomeof me?"
and tom passed the back of his hand across his eyes to brushaway a tear.
"you shall soon follow me, tom, if i can manage it either by money orany influence."
"i will manage it, if you don't, jacob.
i won't stay here without you,that i am determined."
"do nothing rashly, tom.
i am sure i can buy your discharge, and on myarrival in england i will not think of anything else until it is done."
"you must be quick, then, jacob, for i'm sure i can't stay here long."
"trust to me, tom; you'll still find me jacob faithful," said i,extending my hand.
tom squeezed it earnestly, and with moistened eyes,turned away, and walked forward.
the news had spread through the ship, and many of the officers, as wellas the men, came to congratulate me.
what would i have given to havebeen allowed only one half-hour to myself--one half-hour in which imight be permitted to compose my excited feelings--to have returnedthanks for such unexpected happiness, and paid a tribute to the memoryof so sincere a friend?
but in a ship this is almost impossible,unless, as an officer, you can retreat to your own cabin; and thosegushings from the heart, arising from grief or pleasure, the tears sosweet in solitude, must be prostituted before the crowd, or altogetherrepressed.
at last the wished-for opportunity did come.
mr wilson,who had been away on service, came to congratulate me as soon as heheard the news, and with an instinctive perception of what might be myfeelings, asked me whether i would not like to write my letters in hiscabin, which, for a few hours, was at my service.
i thankfully acceptedthe offer; and, when summoned by the captain, had relieved myovercharged heart, and had composed my excited feelings.
"jacob faithful, you are aware there is an order for your discharge,"said he, kindly.
"you will be discharged this afternoon into the_astrea_; she is ordered home, and will sail with despatches in a fewdays.
you have conducted yourself well since you have been under mycommand; and, although you are now in a situation not to require a goodcertificate, still you will have the satisfaction of feeling that youhave done your duty in the station of life to which you have, for acertain portion of it, been called--i wish you well."
although captain maclean, in what he said, never lost sight of therelative situations in which we had been placed, there was a kindness ofmanner, especially in the last words, "i wish you well," which went tomy heart.
i replied that i had been very happy during the time i hadbeen under his command, and thanked him for his good wishes.
i thenbowed and left the cabin.
but the captain did not send me on board the_astrea_, although i was discharged into her.
he told the firstlieutenant that i had better go on shore, and equip myself in a propermanner; and as i afterwards found out, spoke of me in very favourableterms to the captain of the _astrea_, acknowledging that i had receivedthe education of a gentleman, and had been illegally impressed; so that,when i made my appearance on board the _astrea_, the officers of thegun-room requested that i would mess with them during the passage home.
i went on shore, obtained the money for my bill, hastened to a tailor,and with his exertions, and other fitting-out people, procured all thatwas requisite for the outward appearance of a gentleman.
i thenreturned to the _immortalite_, and bade farewell to the officers andseamen with whom i had been most intimate.
my parting with tom waspainful.
even the few days which i had been away, i perceived, had madean alteration in his appearance.
"jacob," said he, "don't think i envy you; on the contrary, i am asgrateful, even more grateful than if such good fortune had fallen to myown lot; but i cannot help fretting at the thought of being left herewithout you: and i shall fret until i am with you again."
i renewed my promises to procure his discharge, and forcing upon him allthe money i thought that i could spare, i went over the side as muchaffected as poor tom.
our passage home was rapid.
we had a continuanceof north west winds, and we flew before them, and in less than threeweeks we dropped our anchor at spithead.
happy in the change of mysituation, and happier still in anticipation, i shall only say that inever was in better spirits, or in company with more agreeable young menthan were the officers of the _astrea_; and although we were so short atime together, we separated with mutual regret.
i interrupt a matrimonial duet and capsize the boat--being upon dryland, no one is drowned--tom leaves a man-of-war because he don't likeit--i find the profession of a gentleman preferable to that of awaterman.
my first object on my return was to call upon old tom, and assure him ofhis son's welfare.
my wishes certainly would have led me to mrdrummond's but i felt that my duty required that i should delay thatpleasure.
i arrived at the hotel late in the evening, and early nextmorning i went down to the steps at westminster bridge, and was salutedwith the usual cry of "boat, sir!"
a crowd of recollections poured intomy mind at the well-known sound; my life appeared to have passed inreview in a few seconds, as i took my seat in the stern of a wherry, anddirected the waterman to pull up the river.
it was a beautiful morning,and even at that early hour almost too warm--the sun was so powerful; iwatched every object that we passed with an interest i cannot describe;every tree, every building, every point of land--they were all oldfriends, who appeared, as the sun shone brightly on them, to rejoice inmy good fortune.
i remained in a reverie too delightful to be wished tobe disturbed from it, although occasionally there were reminiscenceswhich were painful; but they were but as light clouds, obscuring for amoment, as they flew past, the glorious sun of my happiness.
at lastthe well-known tenement of old tom, his large board with "boats built toorder," and the half of the boat stuck up on end, caught my sight, and iremembered the object of my embarkation.
i directed the waterman topull to the hard, and, paying him well, dismissed him; for i hadperceived that old tom was at work stumping round a wherry, bottom up;and his wife was sitting on a bench in the boat-arbour, basking in thewarm sun, and working away at her nets.
i had landed so quietly, andthey both were so occupied with their respective employments, that theyhad not perceived me, and i crept round by the house to surprise them.
i had gained a station behind the old boat, where i overheard theconversation.
"it's my opinion," said old tom, who left off hammering for a time,"that all the nails in birmingham won't make this boat water-tight.
thetimbers are as rotten as a pear, and the nails fall through them.
ihave put in one piece more than agreed for; and if i don't put inanother here she'll never swim."
"well, then, put another piece in," replied mrs beazeley.
"yes; so i will; but i've a notion i shall be out of pocket by this job.
seven-and-sixpence won't pay for labour and all.
however, never mind,"and tom carolled forth--  "is not the sea  made for the free--  land for courts and chains alone?
there we are slaves,  but on the waves  love and liberty's all our own."
"now, if you do sing, sing truth, beazeley," said the old woman.
"a'n'tour boy pressed into the service?
and how can you talk of liberty?"
old tom answered by continuing his song--  "no eye to watch, and no tongue to wound us;  all earth forgot, and all heaven around us."
"yes, yes," replied the old woman; "no eye to watch, indeed.
he may bein sickness and in sorrow; he may be wounded, or dying of a fever; andthere's no mother's eye to watch over him.
as to all the earth beingforgot, i won't believe that tom has forgotten his mother."
old tom replied--  "seasons may roll,  but the true soul  burns the same wherever it goes."
"so it does, tom--so it does; and he's thinking this moment of hisfather and mother, i do verily believe, and he loves us more than ever."
"so i believe," replied old tom--"that is, if he hasn't anything betterto do.
but there's a time for all things; and when a man is doing hisduty as a seaman, he mustn't let his thoughts wander.
never fear, oldwoman: he'll be back again.
"there's a sweet little cherub that sits up aloft,  to take care of the life of poor jack."
"god grant it!
god grant it!"
replied the old woman, wiping her eyeswith her apron, and then resuming her netting.
"he seems," continued she, "by his letters, to be over-fond of thatgirl, mary stapleton--and i sometimes think that she cares not a littlefor him; but she's never of one mind long.
i didn't like to see herflaunting and flirting so with the soldiers, and at the same time tomsays that she writes that she cares for nobody but him."
that's sartin," replied old tom, musing for a time,and then showing that his thoughts were running on his son, by burstingout--  "mary, when yonder boundless sea  shall part us, and perchance for ever,  think not my heart can stray from thee,  or cease to mourn thine absence--never!
and when in distant climes i roam,  forlorn, unfriended, broken-hearted--""don't say so, tom--don't say so," interrupted the old woman.
tom continued--  "oft shall i sigh for thee and home,  and all those joys from which i parted."
"aye, so he does, poor fellow, i'll be bound to say.
what would i giveto see his dear, smiling face!"
said mrs beazeley.
"and i'd give no little, missus, myself.
but still, it's the duty forevery man to serve his country; and so ought tom, as his father didbefore him.
i shall be glad to see him back: but i'm not sorry thathe's gone.
our ships must be manned, old woman; and if they take men byforce, it's only because they won't volunteer--that's all.
when they'reonce on board they don't mind it.
you women require pressing just asmuch as the men, and it's all much of a muchness."
"how's that tom?"
"why, when we make love, and ask you to marry, don't you always pout,and say, `no!'
you like being kissed, but we must take it by force.
soit is with manning a ship.
the men all say, `no;' but when they areonce there, they like the service very much--only, you see, like you,they want pressing.
don't tom write and say that he's quite happy, anddon't care where he is so long as he's with jacob?"
"yes; that's true; but they say jacob is to be discharged and come home,now that he's come to a fortune; and what will tom say then?"
"why, that _is_ the worst of it.
i believe that jacob's heart is in theright place; but still, riches spoil a man.
but we shall see.
if jacobdon't prove `true blue,' i'll never put faith in man again.
but therebe changes in this world, that's sartin.
"we all have our taste of the ups and the downs,  as fortune dispenses her smiles and her frowns;  but may we not hope, if she's frowning to-day,  that to-morrow she'll lend us the light of her ray.
"i only wish jacob was here--that's all."
"then you have your wish, my good old friend," cried i, running up totom and seizing his hand.
but old tom was so taken by surprise that hestarted back and lost his equilibrium, dragging me after him, and werolled on the turf together.
nor was this the only accident, for oldmrs beazeley was so alarmed that she also sprang from the bench fixedin the half of the old boat stuck on end, and threw herself back againstit.
the boat, rotten when first put up, and with the disadvantage ofexposure to the elements for many years, could no longer stand suchpressure.
it gave way to the sudden force applied by the old woman, andshe and the boat went down together, she screaming and scuffling amongthe rotten planks, which now, after so many years close intimacy, wereinduced to part company.
i was first on my legs, and ran to theassistance of mrs beazeley, who was half smothered with dust and flakesof dry pitch; and old tom coming to my assistance, we put the old womanon her legs again.
"o deary me!"
cried the old woman--"o deary me!
i do believe my hip isout!
lord, mr jacob, how you frightened me!"
"yes," said old tom, shaking me warmly by the hand, "we were all takenaback, old boat and all.
what a shindy you have made, bowling us alldown like ninepins!
well, my boy, i'm glad to see you, andnotwithstanding your gear, you're jacob faithful still."
"i hope so," replied i; and we then adjourned to the house, where i madethem acquainted with all that had passed, and what i intended to dorelative to obtaining tom's discharge.
i then left them, promising toreturn soon, and, hailing a wherry going up the river, proceeded to myold friend the dominie, of whose welfare, as well as stapleton's andmary's, i had been already assured.
but as i passed through putney bridge i thought i might as well callfirst upon old stapleton; and i desired the waterman to pull in.
ihastened to stapleton's lodgings, and went upstairs, where i found maryin earnest conversation with a very good-looking young man, in asergeant's uniform of the 93rd regiment.
mary, who was even handsomerthan when i had left her, starting up, at first did not appear torecognise me, then coloured up to the forehead, as she welcomed me witha constraint i had never witnessed before.
the sergeant appearedinclined to keep his ground; but on my taking her hand and telling herthat i brought a message from a person whom i trusted she had notforgotten, he gave her a nod and walked downstairs.
perhaps there was aseverity in my countenance as i said, "mary, i do not know whether,after what i have seen, i ought to give the message; and the pleasure ianticipated in meeting you again is destroyed by what i have nowwitnessed.
how disgraceful is it thus to play with a man's feelings--towrite to him, assuring him of your regard and constancy, and at the sametime encouraging another."
mary hung down her head.
"if i have done wrong, mr faithful," saidshe, after a pause, "i have not wronged tom; what i have written ifelt."
"if that is the case, why do you wrong another person?
why encourageanother young man only to make him unhappy?"
"i have promised him nothing; but why does not tom come back and lookafter me?
i can't mope here by myself; i have no one to keep companywith; my father is always away at the alehouse, and i must have somebodyto talk to.
besides, tom is away, and may be away a long while, andabsence cures love in men, although it does not in women."
"it appears then, mary, that you wish to have two strings to your bow,in case of accident."
"should the first string break, a second would be very acceptable,"replied mary.
"but it is always this way," continued she, withincreasing warmth; "i never can be in a situation which is not right;whenever i do anything which may appear improper, so certain do _you_make your appearance when least expected and least wished for--as if youwere born to be my constant accuser."
"does not your own conscience accuse you, mary?"
"mr faithful," repeated she, very warmly, "you are not my fatherconfessor; but do as you please--write to tom if you please, and tellhim all you have seen, and anything you may think--make him and make memiserable and unhappy--do it, i pray.
it will be a friendly act; and asyou are now a great man, you may persuade tom that i am a jilt and agood-for-nothing."
here mary laid her hands on the table and buried her face in them.
"i did not come here to be your censor, mary; you are certainly atliberty to act as you please, without my having any right to interfere;but as tom is my earliest and best friend, so far as his interests andhappiness are concerned, i shall carefully watch over them.
we havebeen so long together, and i am so well acquainted with all hisfeelings, that i really believe that if ever there was a young mansincerely and devotedly attached to a woman, he is so to you; and i willadd, that if ever there was a young man who deserved love in return, itis tom.
when i left, not a month back, he desired me to call upon youas soon as i could, and assure you of his unalterable attachment; and iam now about to procure his discharge, that he may be able to return.
all his thoughts are upon this point, and he is now waiting with theutmost impatience the arrival of it, that he may again be in yourcompany; you can best judge whether his return will or will not be asource of happiness."
mary raised her head--her face was wet with tears.
"then he will soon be back again, and i shall see him.
indeed, hisreturn will be no source of unhappiness, if i can make him happy--indeed, it shall not, mr faithful; but pray don't tell him of myfoolish conduct, pray don't--why make him unhappy?--i entreat you not todo it.
i will not do so again.
promise me, jacob, will you?"
continuedmary, taking me by the arm, and looking beseechingly in my face.
"mary, i will never be a mischief-maker; but recollect i exact theperformance of your promise."
"oh, and i will keep it, now that i know he will soon be home.
i can, ithink i can--i'm sure i can wait a month or two without flirting.
but ido wish that i was not left so much alone.
i wish tom was at home totake care of me, for there is no one else.
i can't take care ofmyself."
i saw by mary's countenance that she was in earnest, and i thereforemade friends with her, and we conversed for two hours, chiefly abouttom.
when i left her she had recovered her usual spirits, and said atparting, looking archly at me, "now, you will see how wise and prudent ishall be."
i shook my head, and left her that i might find out [my] old friendstapleton, who, as usual, was at the door of the public-house, smokinghis pipe.
at first he did not recognise me, for when i accosted him heput his open hand to his ear as usual, and desired me to speak a littlelouder, but i answered, "nonsense, stapleton, that won't do with me."
he then took his pipe out of his mouth, and looked me full in the face.
"jacob, as i'm alive!
didn't know you in your long togs--thought youwas a gentleman wanting a boat.
well, i hardly need say how glad i amto see you after so long; that's no more than human natur'.
have you seen mary?"
these two questions enabled me to introduce the subject that i wished.
i told him of the attachment and troth pledged between the two, and howwrong it was for him to leave her so much alone.
the old man agreedwith me, and said, that as to talking to the men, that was on mary'spart nothing but "human natur'"; and that as for tom wishing to be athome and seeing her again, that also was nothing but "human natur'"; butthat he would smoke his pipe at home in future, and keep the soldiersout of the house.
satisfied with this assurance i left him, and takinganother wherry went up to brentford to see the dominie.
all the little boys are let loose, and the dominie is caught--anxious tosupply my teeth, he falls in with other teeth, and mrs. bately alsoshows her teeth--gin outside, gin in, and gin out again, and old womanout also--dominie in for it again--more like a whig ministry than anovel.
i found the worthy old dominie in the school-room, seated at hiselevated desk, the usher not present, and the boys making a din enoughto have awaked a person from a trance.
that he was in one of his deepreveries, and that the boys had taken advantage of it, was evident.
"mr dobbs," said i, walking close up to the desk, but the dominieanswered not.
i repeated his name in a louder voice.
"cosine of _x plus ab minus z minus a half_; such must be the result,"said the dominie talking to himself.
"yet it doth not prove correct.
imay be in error.
let me revise my work," and the dominie lifted up hisdesk to take out another piece of paper.
when the desk lid was raised,i removed his work and held it behind me.
"but how is this?"
exclaimed the dominie, and he looked everywhere forhis previous calculations.
"nay," continued he, "it must have been thewind;" and then he cast his eyes about until they fixed upon me laughingat him.
what do my eyes perceive?--it is--yet it is not--yes,most truly it is, my son jacob.
welcome, most welcome," cried the oldman, descending from his desk, and clasping me in his arms.
"long is itsince i have seen thee, my son, _interea magnum sol circumvolviturannum_.
long, yes long, have i yearned for thy return, fearful lest,_nudus ignota arena_, thou mightest, like another palinurus, have beencast away.
thou art returned, and all is well; as the father said inthe scripture: i have found my son which i had lost; but no prodigalthou, though i use the quotation as apt.
now all is well; thou hastescaped the danger of the battle, the fire, and the wreck, and now thoumayest hang up thy wet garment as a votive offering; as horace hath it,_uvida suspendisse potenti vestimenta maris deo_."
during the apostrophe of the dominie, the boys perceiving that he was nolonger wrapped up in his algebra, had partly settled to their desks, andin their apparent attention to their lessons reminded me of the hummingof bees before a hive on a summer's day.
"boys," cried the dominie, "_nunc est ludendum_; verily ye shall have aholiday; put up your books, and depart in peace."
the books were hastily put up, in obedience to the command; the departin peace was not so rigidly adhered to--they gave a loud shout, and in afew seconds the dominie and i stood alone in the school-room.
"come, jacob, let us adjourn to my sanctum; there may we commune withoutinterruption.
thou shalt tell me thine adventures, and i willcommunicate to thee what hath been made known to me relative to thosewith whom thou wert acquainted."
"first let me beg you to give me something to eat, for i am not a littlehungry," interrupted i, as we gained the kitchen.
"verily shalt thou have all that we possess, jacob; yet now, i think,that will not be much, seeing that i and our worthy matron did pick thebones of a shoulder of mutton, this having been our fourth day of repastupon it.
she is out, yet i will venture to intrude into the privacy ofher cupboard, for thy sake.
peradventure she may be wroth, yet will irisk her displeasure."
so saying, the old dominie opened the cupboard,and, one by one, handed to me the dishes with their contents.
"herejacob are two hard dumplings from yesterday.
canst thou relish cold,hard, dumplings?--but, stop, here is something more savoury--half of acold cabbage, which was left this day.
we will look again.
here ismeat--yes, it is meat; but now do i perceive it is a piece of lightsreserved for the dinner of the cat to-morrow.
i am fearful that we mustnot venture upon that, for the dame will be wroth."
"pray put it back, sir; i would not interfere with puss on any account."
"nay, then, jacob, i see naught else, unless there may be viands on theupper shelf.
sir, here is bread, the staff of life, and also a fragmentof cheese; and now, methinks, i discern something dark at the back ofthe shelf."
the dominie extended his hand, and immediately withdrew it,jumping from his chair, with a loud cry.
he had put his fingers into arat gin, set by the old woman for those intruders, and he held up hisarm and stamped as he shouted out with the pain.
i hastened to him, andpressing down the spring, released his fingers from the teeth, which,however, had drawn blood, as well as bruised him; fortunately, like mostof the articles of their menage, the trap was a very old one, and he wasnot much hurt.
the dominie thrust his fingers into his capacious mouth,and held them there some time without speaking.
he began to feel alittle ease, when in came the matron.
"why, what's all this!"
said she, in a querulous tone.
"jacob here, andall my cupboard on the table.
jacob, how dare you go to my cupboard?"
"it was the dominie, mrs bately, who looked there for something for meto eat, and he has been caught in a rat-trap."
"serve him right; i have forbade him that cupboard.
have i not, mrdobbs?"
"yea, and verily," quoth the dominie, "and i do repent me that i tooknot thine advice, for look at my fingers;" and the dominie extended hislacerated digits.
well i'd no idea that a rat-trap pinched so hard," replied theold woman, whose wrath was appeased.
"how it must hurt the poorthings--i won't set it again, but leave them all to the cat; he'll killthem, if he only can get at them."
the old lady went to a drawer,unlocked it, brought out some fragments of rags, and a bottle of friar'sbalsam, which she applied to the dominie's hand, and then bound it up,scolding him the whole time.
"how stupid of you, mr dobbs; you knowthat i was only out for a few minutes.
why didn't you wait--and why didyou go to the cupboard?
hav'n't i always told you not to look into it?
and now you see the consequences."
"verily my hand burneth," replied the dominie.
"i will go for cold water, and it will ease you.
what a deal of troubleyou do give, mr dobbs; you're worse than a charity boy;" and the oldlady departed to the pump.
"vinegar is a better thing, sir," said i, "and there is a bottle in thecupboard, which i dare say is vinegar."
i went to the cupboard, andbrought out the bottle, took out the cork and smelt it.
"this is notvinegar, sir, it is hollands or gin."
"then would i like a glass, jacob, for i feel a sickening faintness uponme; yet be quick, peradventure the old woman may return."
"drink out of the bottle, sir," said i, perceiving that the dominielooked very pale, "and i will give you notice of her approach."
thedominie put the bottle to his mouth, and was taking a sufficientdraught, when the old woman returned by another door which was behindus; she had gone that way for a wash-basin.
before we could perceiveher, she came behind the dominie, snatched the bottle from his mouthwith a jerk that threw a portion of the spirits in his eyes, and blindedhim.
"that's why you went to my cupboard, is it, mr dobbs?"
cried she, in apassion.
"that's it, is it?
i thought my bottle went very fast; seeingthat i don't take more than a tea-spoonful every night, for the windwhich vexes me so much.
i'll set the rat-trap again, you may dependupon it; and now you may get somebody else to bind your fingers."
"it was i who took it out, mrs bately; the dominie would have faintedwith pain.
it was very lucky that he has a housekeeper who is carefulto have something of the kind in the house, or he might have been dead.
you surely don't begrudge a little of your medicine to recover mrdobbs?"
"peace, woman, peace," said the dominie, who had gained courage by hispotation.
"peace, i say; i knew not that thou hadst in thy cupboardeither a gin for my hand, or gin for my mouth; since i have been takenin the one, it is but fair that i should take in the other.
in futureboth thy gins will not be interfered with by me.
bring me the basin,that i may appease my angry wounds, and then hasten to procure someviands to appease the hunger of my son jacob; lastly, appease thine ownwrath.
peace, i say;" and the old woman, who perceived that thedominie had asserted his right of dominion, went to obey his orders,grumbling till she was out of hearing.
the application of the coldpump-water soon relieved the pain of the good old dominie, and with hishand remaining in the basin, we commenced a long conversation.
at first i narrated to him the events which had occurred during myservice on board of the frigate.
when i told him of my parting withtom, he observed, "verily do i remember that young tom, a jocund,pleasant, yet intrusive lad.
yet do i wish him well, and am grievedthat he should be so taken by that maiden mary.
well may we say of her,as horace hath of pyrrha--`_quis multa gracilis te puer in rosa,perfusis liquidis urgit odoribus, grate, pyrrha, sub antro.
cui flavamreligas comam, simplex munditiis_.'
i grieve at it, yea, grieve much.
_heu, quoties fidem mutatosque deos flebit_!
verily, jacob, i doprophesy that she will lead him into error, yea, perhaps intoperdition."
"i trust not, sir," replied i; but the dominie made no answer.
forhalf-an-hour he was in deep and serious thought, during which mrsbately entered, and spreading a cloth, brought in from the other roomsome rashers of bacon and eggs, upon which i made a hasty and heartymeal.
the old matron's temper was now smoothed, and she welcomed mekindly, and shortly after went out for a fresh basin of cold water forthe dominie to bathe his hand.
this roused him, and he recommenced theconversation.
"jacob, i have not yet congratulated thee upon thy accession to wealth;not that i do not sincerely rejoice in it, but because the pleasure ofthy presence has made me unmindful of it.
still, was it fortunate forthee that thou hadst raised up such a friend as mr turnbull; otherwisewhat would have been the result of thy boasted independence?
thouwouldst probably have remained many years on board of a man-of-war, andhave been killed, or have returned mutilated, to die unknown."
"you were right, sir," replied i; "my independence was nothing butpride; and i did bitterly repent, as you said i should do, even before iwas pressed into the king's service--but mr drummond never repeated hisoffers."
"he never did, jacob; but as i have since been informed by him, althoughhe was taken by surprise at thy being forced away to serve thy country,still he was not sure that you would accept them; and he, moreover,wished you fully to feel thine own folly.
long before you had madefriends with him, he had attested the will of mr turnbull, and wasacquainted with the contents.
yet, did he watch over thee, and had hethought that thy way of life had led thee into that which was wrong, hewould have interfered to save thee; but he considered with shakespearethat `sweet were the uses of adversity,' and that thou wouldst be moreschooled by remaining some time under her unprepossessing frowns.
hehath ever been thy friend."
"i can believe it.
i trust he is well, and his family."
"they were well and prosperous, but a little while ago, jacob; yet ihave seen but little of them since the death of mr turnbull.
it willpain thee to hear that affliction at thy absence hastened hisdissolution.
i was at his death-bed, jacob; and i verily believe he wasa good man, and will meet the reward of one; yet did he talk moststrangely, and reminded me of that remnant of a man you call old tom.
`it's no use, old gentleman,' said he, as he lay in his bed supported bypillows, for he had wasted away till he was but a skeleton, havingbroken a blood-vessel with his violent coughing--`it's no use pouringthat doctor's stuff down my throat; my anchor's short stay a-peak, andin a few minutes i shall trip it, i trust for heaven, where i hope thereare moorings laid down for me.'
`i would fain comprehend thee,' repliedi, `but thou speakest in parables.'
`i mean to say that death hasdriven his harpoon in up to the shank, and that i struggle in vain.
ihave run out all my line.
i shall turn up in a few minutes--so give mylove and blessing to jacob--he saved my life once--but now i'm gone.'
with these last words his spirit took its flight; and thus, jacob, didyour benefactor breathe his last, invoking a blessing on your head."
i remained silent for a few minutes, for i was much affected by thedominie's description; he at length resumed the conversation.
"thou hast not yet seen the drummonds, jacob?"
"i have not," i replied, "but i will call upon them tomorrow; but it istime that i should go, for i have to return to london."
"thou needst not, jacob.
thine own house is at hand."
"my own house!"
"yes; by the will of mr turnbull, his wife has been left a handsomejointure, but, for reasons which he did not explain, the house andfurniture are not left to her, but, as residuary legatee, belong tothee."
"indeed!--then where is mrs turnbull?"
"at bath, where she hath taken up her residence.
mr drummond, who hathacted in thy behalf, permitted her to take away such articles as shemight wish, but they were but few, chiefly those little objects whichfilled up rather than adorned the drawing-room.
the house is all readyfor thy reception, and thou mayst take possession this evening."
"but why did not mr turnbull leave it to his widow?"
"i cannot exactly say, but i think he did not wish her to remain in thisplace.
he, therefore, left her 5000 pounds at her own disposal, toenable her to purchase and furnish another."
i then took my leave of the dominie, and it being rather late, iresolved to walk to the house and sleep there.
in which i take possession of my own house, and think that it looks veryill-furnished without a wife--tom's discharge is sent out, but byaccident it never reaches him--i take my new station in society.
on my arrival the front gates were opened by the gardener's wife, whomade me a profound courtesy.
the gardener soon afterwards made hisappearance, hat in hand.
everything was neat and in good order.
ientered the house, and as soon as possible rid myself of theirobsequious attentions.
i wished to be alone.
powerful feelings crowdedon my mind.
i hastened to mr turnbull's study, and sat down in thechair so lately occupied by him.
the proud feeling of possession,softened into gratitude to heaven, and sorrow at his death, came overme, and i remained for a long while in a deep reverie.
"and all this,and more, much more, are mine," i mentally exclaimed; "the sailor beforethe mast, the waterman on the river, the charity-boy, the orphan sitsdown in quiet possession of luxury and wealth.
what have i done todeserve all this?"
my heart told me nothing, or if anything, it wasalmost valueless, and i poured forth my soul in thanks to heaven.
ifelt more composed after i had performed this duty, and my thoughts thendwelt upon my benefactor.
i surveyed the room--the drawings, the fursand skins, the harpoons and other instruments, all remaining in theirrespective places, as when i last had an interview with mr turnbull.
iremembered his kindness, his singleness of heart, his honesty, his goodsense, and his real worth; and i shed many tears for his loss.
mythoughts then passed to sarah drummond, and i felt much uneasiness onthat score.
would she receive me, or would she still remember what ihad been?
i recollected her kindness and good-will towards me.
iweighed these, and my present condition, against my origin and my formeroccupation; and could not ascertain how the scale might turn.
i shallsoon see, thought i.  to-morrow, even, may decide the question.
thegardener's wife knocked at the door, and announced that my bed wasprepared.
i went to sleep, dreaming of sarah, young tom, the dominieand mary stapleton.
i was up early the next morning, and hastened to the hotel; when, havingarranged my person to the best of my power (but at the same time neverso little to my satisfaction), i proceeded to the house of mr drummond.
i knocked; and this time i was not desired to wait in the hall, but wasimmediately ushered up into the drawing-room.
sarah drummond wassitting alone at her drawing.
my name was announced as i entered.
shestarted from her chair, and blushed deeply as she moved towards me.
wejoined hands in silence.
i was breathless with emotion.
never had sheappeared so beautiful.
neither party appeared willing to break silence;at last i faltered out, "miss drummond,"--and then i stopped.
"mr faithful," replied she; and then, after a break--"how very sillythis is; i ought to have congratulated you upon your safe return, andupon your good fortune; and, indeed, mr faithful, no one can do so moresincerely."
"miss drummond," replied i, confused, "when i was an orphan, acharity-boy, and a waterman, you called me jacob, if the alteration inmy prospects induces you to address me in so formal a manner--if we arein future to be on such different terms--i can only say that i wish thati were again--jacob faithful, the waterman."
"nay," replied she, "recollect that it was your own choice to be awaterman.
you might have been different--very different.
you might atthis time have been a partner with my father, for he said so but lastnight, when we were talking about you.
but you refused all; you threwaway your education, your talents, your good qualities, from a foolishpride, which you considered independence.
my father almost humbledhimself to you--not that it is ever humiliating to acknowledge andattempt to repair a fault, but still he did more than could be expectedfrom most people.
your friends persuaded you, but you rejected theiradvice; and what was still more unpardonable, even i had no influenceover you.
as long as you punished yourself i did not upbraid you; butnow that you have been so fortunate, i tell you plainly--""what?"
"that it is more than you deserve, that's all."
"you have said but the truth, miss drummond.
i was very proud and veryfoolish; but i had repented of my folly long before i was pressed; and icandidly acknowledge that i do not merit the good fortune i have metwith.
can i say more?"
"no; i am satisfied with your repentance and acknowledgment.
so, nowyou may sit down, and make yourself agreeable."
"before i do that, allow me to ask, as you address me as mr faithful,how am i to address you?
i should not wish to be consideredimpertinent."
"my name is miss drummond, but those who feel intimate with me call mesarah."
"i may reply that my name is faithful, but those who feel intimate withme call me jacob."
"very true; but allow me to observe that you show very little tact.
youshould never force a lady into a corner.
if i appear affronted when youcall me sarah, then you will do wise to fall back upon miss drummond.
but why do you fix your eyes upon me so earnestly?"
"i cannot help it, and must beg your pardon; but you are so improved inappearance since i last saw you.
i thought no one could be moreperfect, but--""well, that's not a bad beginning, jacob.
i like to hear of myperfections.
now follow up your _but_."
"i hardly know what i was going to say, but i think it was that i do notfeel as if i ought or can address you otherwise than as miss drummond."
"oh, you've thought better of it, have you?
well, i begin to thinkmyself that you look so well in your present dress, and have become sovery different a person, that i ought not to address you by any othername than mr faithful.
so now we are agreed."
"that's not what i mean to say."
"well, then, let me know what you did mean to say."
this puzzling question fortunately did not require an answer, for mrdrummond came into the room and extended his hand.
"my dear jacob," said he, in the most friendly manner, "i'm delighted tosee you back again, and to have the pleasure of congratulating you onyour good fortune.
but you have business to transact which will notadmit of any delay.
you must prove the will, and arrange with thelawyers as soon as possible.
will you come now?
all the papers arebelow, and i have the whole morning to spare.
we will be back todinner, sarah, if jacob has no other engagement."
"i have none," replied i; "and shall be most happy to avail myself ofyour kindness.
miss drummond, i wish you a good morning."
"_au revoir_, mr faithful," replied sarah, courtesying formally, with amocking smile.
the behaviour of mr drummond towards me was most kind and parental, andmy eyes were often suffused with tears during the occupation of themorning.
the most urgent business was got through, and an interviewwith mr turnbull's solicitor put the remainder in progress; still itwas so late when we had accomplished it, that i had no time to dress.
on my return, mrs drummond received me with her usual kindness.
inarrated, during the evening, my adventures since we parted, and tookthat opportunity to acknowledge to mr drummond how bitterly i hadrepented my folly, and i may add ingratitude, towards him.
"jacob," said he, as we were sitting at the tea-table with mrs drummondand sarah, "i knew at the time that you were toiling on the river forshillings that you were the inheritor of thousands; for i not onlywitnessed but read the will of mr turnbull; but i thought it best thatyou should have a lesson which you would never forget in after life.
there is no such thing in this world as independence, unless in a savagestate.
in society we are all mutually dependent upon each other.
independence of mind we may have, but no more.
as a waterman, you weredependent upon your customers, as every poor man must be upon those whohave more means; and in refusing my _offers_ you were obliged to applyfor employment to others.
the rich are as entirely dependent uponothers as the poor; they depend upon them for their food, their clothes,their necessities, and their luxuries.
such ever will be the case insociety, and the more refined the society may be--the more civilised itsparts--the greater is the mutual dependence.
still it is an errororiginating in itself from high feelings, and therefore must beconsidered as an error on the right side; but recollect how much youmight have thrown away had not you, in the first place, secured such afriend as mr turnbull; and secondly, if the death of that friend hadnot so soon put you in possession."
i was but too ready to acknowledge the truth of these remarks.
theevening passed away so rapidly that it was midnight before i rose totake my leave, and i returned to the hotel as happy in my mind, and asgrateful as ever any mortal could possibly be.
the next day i removedto the house left me by mr turnbull, and the first order i gave was fora wherry.
such was the force of habit, i could not do without one; andhalf my time was spent upon the river, pulling every day down to mrdrummond's, and returning in the evening, or late at night.
thus passedaway two months, during which i occasionally saw the dominie, thestapletons, and old tom beazeley.
i had exerted myself to procure tom'sdischarge, and at last had the pleasure of telling the old people thatit was to go out by the next packet.
by the drummonds i was received asa member of the family--there was no hindrance to my being alone withsarah for hours; and although i had not ventured to declare mysentiments, they appeared to be well understood, as well by the parentsas by sarah herself.
two days after i had communicated this welcome intelligence to the oldcouple, as i was sitting at breakfast, attended by the gardener and hiswife (for i had made no addition to my establishment), what was mysurprise at the appearance of young _tom_, who entered the room asusual, laughing as he held out his hand.
exclaimed i, "why, how did you come here?"
"by water, jacob, as you may suppose."
"but how have you received your discharge?
is the ship come home?"
"i hope not; the fact is, i discharged myself, jacob."
did you desert?"
i had three reasons for so doing.
in the first place, icould not remain without you; in the second, my mother wrote to say marywas taken up with a sodger; and the third was, i was put into the reportfor punishment, and should have been flogged, as sure as the captain hada pair of epaulettes."
"well, but sit down and tell me all about it.
you know your dischargeis obtained."
"yes, thanks to you, jacob; all the better, for now they won't lookafter me.
all's well that ends well.
after you went away, i presume iwas not in the very best of humours; and that rascal of a master's matewho had us pressed, thought proper to bully me beyond all bearing.
oneday he called me a lying scoundrel; upon which i forgot that i was onboard of a man-of-war, and replied that he was a confounded cheat, andthat he had better pay me his debt of two guineas for bringing him downthe river.
he reported me on the quarter-deck for calling him a cheat,and captain maclean, who, you know, won't stand any nonsense, heard thearguments on both sides; upon which he declared that the conduct of themaster's mate was not that of an officer or a gentleman, and therefore_he_ should leave the ship; and that my language to my superior officerwas subversive to the discipline of the service, and therefore he shouldgive me a good flogging.
now, jacob, you know that if the officersdon't pay their debts, captain maclean always does, and with interestinto the bargain; so finding that i was in for it, and no mistake, iswam ashore the night before black monday, and made my way to miramichi,without any adventure, except a tussle with a sergeant of marines, whomi left for dead about three miles out of the town.
at miramichi i goton board of a timber ship, and here i am."
"i am sorry that you deserted, nevertheless," replied i; "it may come tomischief."
"never fear; the people on the river know that i have my discharge, andi'm safe enough."
"have you seen mary!"
"yes, and all's right in that quarter.
i shall build another wherry,wear my badge and dress, and stick above bridge.
when i'm all settled,i'll splice, and live along with the old couple."
"but will mary consent to live there?
it is so quiet and retired thatshe won't like it."
"mary stapleton has given herself airs enough in all conscience, and hashad her own way quite enough.
mary beazeley will do as her husbandwishes, or i will know the reason why."
"we shall see, tom.
bachelors' wives are always best managed, they say.
but now you want money to buy your boat."
"yes, if you'll lend it to me; i don't like to take it away from the oldpeople; and i'll pay you when i can, jacob."
"no; you must accept this, tom; and when you marry you must acceptsomething more," replied i, handing the notes to him.
"with all my heart, jacob.
i never can repay you for what you have donefor me, and so i may just as well increase the debt."
"that's good logic, tom."
"quite as good as independence; is it not, jacob?"
"better, much better, as i know to my cost," replied i, laughing.
tom finished his breakfast, and then took his leave.
after breakfast,as usual, i went to the boat-house, and unchaining my wherry, pulled upthe river, which i had not hitherto done; my attendance upon sarahhaving invariably turned the bow of my wherry in the opposite direction.
i swept by the various residences on the banks of the river until iarrived opposite to that of mr wharncliffe, and perceived a lady andgentleman in the garden.
i knew them at once, and, as they werestanding close to the wall, i pulled in and saluted them.
"do you recollect me?"
said i to them, smiling.
"yes," replied the lady, "i do recollect your face--surely--it isfaithful, the waterman!"
"no, i am not a waterman; i am only amusing myself in my own boat."
"come up," replied mr wharncliffe; "we can't shake hands with you atthat distance."
i made fast my wherry and joined them.
they received me most cordially.
"i thought you were not a waterman, mr faithful, although you said thatyou were," said mrs wharncliffe.
"why did you deceive us in that way?"
"indeed, at that time i was, from my own choice and my own folly awaterman; now i am so no longer."
we were soon on the most intimate terms, and i narrated part of myadventures.
they expressed their obligations to me, and requested thati would accept their friendship.
"would you like to have a row on the water?
it is a beautiful day, andif mrs wharncliffe will trust herself--""oh, i should like it above all things.
will you go.
i willrun for a shawl."
in a few minutes we were all three embarked, and i rowed them to _myvilla_.
they had been admiring the beauty of the various residences onthe banks of the thames.
"how do you like that one?"
inquired i of mrs wharncliffe.
"it is very handsome, and i think one of the very best."
"that is mine," replied i.
"will you allow me to show it to you?"
"yes, mine; but i have a very small establishment, for i am a bachelor."
we landed, and after walking about the grounds went into the house.
"do you recollect this room?"
said i to mr wharncliffe.
"yes, indeed i do; it was here that the box was opened, and my uncle's--but we must not say anything about that: he is dead!"
"yes; he never held his head up after his dishonesty was discovered.
hepined and died within three months, sincerely repenting what he hadattempted."
i accepted their invitation to dinner, as i rowed them back to their ownresidence; and afterwards had the pleasure of enrolling them among mysincerest friends.
through them i was introduced to lady auburn andmany others; and i shall not forget the old housekeeper recognising meone day, when i was invited to lady auburn's villa.
what tricks you young gentlemen do play.
only to think howyou asked me for water, and how i pushed the door in your face, andwouldn't let you rest yourself.
but if you young gentlemen willdisguise yourselves, it's your own faults, and you must take theconsequences."
my acquaintances now increased rapidly, and i had the advantage of thebest society.
i hardly need observe that it was a great advantage; for,although i was not considered awkward, still i wanted that polish whichcan only be obtained by an admixture with good company.
the reportsconcerning me were various; but it was generally believed that i was ayoung man who had received an excellent education, and might have beenbrought forward, but that i had taken a passion for the river, and hadchosen to be a waterman in preference to any other employment; that ihad since come into a large fortune, and had resumed my station insociety.
how far the false was blended with the true, those who haveread my adventures will readily perceive.
for my part, i cared littlewhat they said, and i gave myself no trouble to refute the variousassertions.
i was not ashamed of my birth, because it had no effectupon the drummonds; still i knew the world too well to think itnecessary to blazon it.
on the whole, the balance was in my favour;there was a degree of romance in my history, with all its variations,which interested, and, joined to the knowledge of my actual wealth, mademe to be well received, and gained me attention wherever i went.
onething was much to my advantage--my extensive reading, added to the goodclassical education which i had received.
it is not often in societythat an opportunity occurs when any one can prove his acquisitions; andthus did education turn the scale in my favour, and every one was muchmore inclined to believe the false rather than the true versions of myhistory.
the dominie proves stapleton's "human natur'" to be correct--thered-coat proves too much of a match for the blue--mary sells tom, andtom sells what is left of him, for a shilling--we never know the valueof anything till we have lost it.
i had often ruminated in what manner i could render the dominie morecomfortable.
i felt that to him i was as much indebted as to any livingbeing, and one day i ventured to open the subject; but his reply wasdecided.
"i see, jacob, my son, what thou wouldst wish: but it must not be.
manis but a creature of habit; habit becomes to him not only necessity butluxury.
for five-and-forty years have i toiled, instilling precepts andforcing knowledge into the brains of those who have never proved so aptas thou.
truly, it hath been a painful task, yet can i not relinquishit.
i might, at one time, that is, during the first ten years, have metthe offer with gratitude; for i felt the humiliation and annoyance ofwearying myself with the rudiments, when i would fain have commentedupon the various peculiarities of style in the ancient greek and latinauthors; but now, all that has passed away.
the eternal round ofconcord, prosody, and syntax has charms for me from habit: the rule ofthree is preferable to the problems of euclid, and even the latingrammar has its delights.
in short, i have a _hujus_ pleasure in _hic,haec, hoc; [cluck cluck;]_ and even the flourishing of the twigs of thattree of knowledge, the birch, hath become a pleasurable occupation tome, if not to those upon whom it is inflicted.
i am like an old horse,who hath so long gone round and round in a mill, that he cannot walkstraight forward; and, if it pleases the almighty, i will die inharness.
still i thank thee, jacob; and thank god that thou hast againproved the goodness of thy heart, and given me one more reason torejoice in thee and in thy love; but thine offer, if accepted, would notadd to my happiness; for what feeling can be more consolatory to an oldman near into his grave than the reflection that his life, if notdistinguished, has at least been useful?"
i had not for some time received a visit from tom; and, surprised atthis, i went down to his father's to make inquiry about him.
i foundthe old couple sitting in-doors; the weather was fine, but old tom wasnot at his work; even the old woman's netting was thrown aside.
"where is tom?"
inquired i, after wishing them good morning.
"oh deary me!"
cried the old woman, putting her apron up to her eyes;"that wicked good-for-nothing girl!"
what is the matter?"
inquired i of old tom.
"the matter, jacob," replied old tom, stretching out his two woodenlegs, and placing his hands upon his knees, "is, that tom has 'listedfor a sodger."
"'listed for a soldier!"
"yes; that's as sartain as it's true; and what's worse, i'm told theregiment is ordered to the west indies.
so, what with fever o' mind andyellow fever, he's food for the land crabs, that's sartain.
i thinknow," continued the old man, brushing a tear from his eye with hisfore-finger, "that i see his bones bleaching under the palisades; for iknow the place well."
"don't say so, tom; don't say so!"
beg pardon if i'm too free now; but can't you help us?"
"i will if i can, depend upon it; but tell me how this happened."
"why, the long and the short of it is this: that girl, mary stapleton,has been his ruin.
when he first came home he was well received, andlooked forward to being spliced and living with us; but it didn't lastlong.
she couldn't leave off her old tricks; and so, that tom might notget the upper hand, she plays him off with the sergeant of a recruitingparty, and flies off from one to the other, just like the ticker of theold clock there does from one side to the other.
one day the sergeantwas the fancy man, and the next day it was tom.
at last tom gets out ofpatience, and wishes to come to a fair understanding.
so he axes herwhether she chooses to have the sergeant or to have him; she might takeher choice, but he had no notion of being played with in that way, afterall her letters and all her promises.
upon this she huffs outright, andtells tom he may go about his business, for she didn't care if she neversees him no more.
so tom's blood was up, and he called her a damnedjilt, and, in my opinion, he was near to the truth; so then they had aregular breeze, and part company.
well, this made tom very miserable,and the next day he would have begged her pardon, and come to her terms,for, you see, jacob, a man in love has no discretion; but she beingstill angry, tells him to go about his business, as she means to marrythe sergeant in a week.
tom turns away again quite mad; and it sohappens that he goes into the public-house where the sergeant hangs out,hoping to be revenged on him, and meaning to have a regular set-to, andsee who is the best man; but the sergeant wasn't there, and tom takespot after pot to drive away care; and when the sergeant returned, tomwas not a little in liquor.
now, the sergeant was a knowing chap, andwhen he comes in, and perceives tom with his face flushed, he guesseswhat was to come, so, instead of saying a word, he goes to anothertable, and dashes his fist upon it, as if in a passion.
tom goes up tohim, and says, `sergeant, i've known that girl long before you, and ifyou are a man, you'll stand up for her.'
`stand up for her; yes,'replied the sergeant, `and so i would have done yesterday, but theblasted jilt has turned me to the right about and sent me away.
i won'tfight now, for she won't have me--any more than she will you.'
now whentom hears this, he becomes more pacified with the sergeant, and they setdown like two people under the same misfortune, and take a pot together,instead of fighting; and then, you see, the sergeant plies tom withliquor, swearing that he will go back to the regiment, and leave maryaltogether, and advises tom to do the same.
at last, what with thesergeant's persuasions, and tom's desire to vex mary, he succeeds in'listing him, and giving him the shilling before witnesses; that was allthe rascal wanted.
the next day tom was sent down to the depot, as theycall it, under a guard; and the sergeant remains here to follow up marywithout interruption.
this only happened three days ago, and we onlywere told of it yesterday by old stapleton, who threatens to turn hisdaughter out of doors."
"can't you help us, jacob?"
said the old woman, crying.
"i hope i can; and if money can procure his discharge it shall beobtained.
but did you not say that he was ordered to the west indies?"
"the regiment is in the indies, but they are recruiting for it, so manyhave been carried off by the yellow fever last sickly season.
atransport, they say, will sail next week, and the recruits are to marchfor embarkation in three or four days."
"and what is the regiment, and where is the depot?"
"it is the 47th fusiliers, and the depot is at maidstone."
"i will lose no time, my good friends," replied i; "to-morrow i will goto mr drummond, and consult with him."
i returned the grateful squeezeof old tom's hand, and, followed by the blessings of the old woman, ihastened away.
as i pulled up the river, for that day i was engaged to dine with thewharncliffes, i resolved to call upon mary stapleton, and ascertain byher deportment whether she had become that heartless jilt which she wasrepresented, and if so, to persuade tom, if i succeeded in obtaining hisdischarge, to think no more about her; i felt so vexed and angry withher, that after i landed, i walked about a few minutes before i went tothe house, that i might recover my temper.
when i walked up the stairsi found mary sitting over a sheet of paper, on which she had beenwriting.
she looked up as i came in, and i perceived that she had beencrying.
"mary," said i, "how well you have kept the promise you made tome when last we met!
see what trouble and sorrow you have brought uponall parties except yourself."
"except myself--no, mr faithful, don't except myself, i am almost mad--i believe that i am mad--for surely such folly as mine is madness;" andmary wept bitterly.
"there is no excuse for your behaviour, mary--it is unpardonably wicked.
tom sacrificed all for your sake--he even deserted, and desertion isdeath by the law.
now what have you done?--taken advantage of hisstrong affection to drive him to intemperance, and induce him, indespair, to enlist for a soldier.
he sails for the west indies to fillup the ranks of a regiment thinned by the yellow fever, and will perhapsnever return again--you will then have been the occasion of his death.
mary, i have come to tell you that i despise you."
"i despise and hate myself," replied mary, mournfully; "i wish i were inmy grave.
oh, mr faithful, do for god's sake--do get him back.
youcan, i know you can--you have money and everything."
"if i do, it will not be for your benefit, mary, for you shall triflewith him no more.
i will not try for his discharge unless he faithfullypromises never to speak to you again."
"you don't say that--you don't mean that!"
cried mary, sweeping the hairwith her hand back from her forehead--and her hand still remaining onher head--"o god!
what a wretch i am!
hear me, jacob, hear me,"cried she, dropping on her knees, and seizing my hands; "only get himhis discharge--only let me once see him again, and i swear by all that'ssacred, that i will beg his pardon on my knees as i now do yours.
iwill do everything--anything--if he will but forgive me, for i cannot, iwill not live without him."
"if this is true, mary, what madness could have induced you to haveacted as you have?"
"yes," replied mary, rising from her knees, "madness, indeed--more thanmadness to treat so cruelly one for whom i only care to live.
you saytom loves me; i know he does; but he does not love me as i do him.
my heart will break!"
after a pause, mary resumed.
"read whati have written to him--i have already written as much in another letter.
you will see that if he cannot get away, i have offered to go out withhim as his wife; that is, if he will have such a foolish, wicked girl asi am."
i read the letter; it was as she said, praying forgiveness, offering toaccompany him, and humiliating herself as much as it was possible.
iwas much affected.
i returned the letter.
"you can't despise me so much as i despise myself," continued mary; "ihate, i detest myself for my folly.
i recollect now how you used tocaution me when a girl.
oh, mother, mother, it was a cruel legacy youleft to your child, when you gave her your disposition.
yet why shouldi blame her?
i must blame myself."
"well, mary, i will do all i can, and that as soon as possible.
to-morrow i will go down to the depot."
"god bless you, jacob; and may you never have the misfortune to be inlove with such a one as myself."
i am made very happy--in other respects a very melancholy chapter,which, we are sorry to inform the reader, will be followed up by onestill more so.
i left mary, and hastened home to dress for dinner.
i mentioned thesubject of wishing to obtain tom's discharge to mr wharncliffe, whorecommended my immediately applying to the horse guards; and, as he wasacquainted with those in office, offered to accompany me.
i gladlyaccepted his offer; and the next morning he called for me in hiscarriage, and we went there.
mr wharncliffe sent up his card to one ofthe secretaries, and we were immediately ushered up, when i stated mywishes.
the reply was:--"if you had time to procure a substitute itwould be easily arranged; but the regiment is so weak, and the aversionto the west indies so prevalent after this last very sickly season, thati doubt if his royal highness would permit any man to purchase hisdischarge.
however, we will see.
the duke is one of thekindest-hearted of men, and i will lay the case before him.
but let ussee if he is still at the depot; i rather think not."
the secretaryrang the bell.
"the detachment of the 47th fusiliers from the depot--has it marched?
and when does it embark?"
the clerk went out, and in a few minutes returned with some a papers inhis hand.
"it marched the day before yesterday, and was to embark thismorning, and sail as soon as the wind was fair."
my heart sank at this intelligence.
"how is the wind, mr g---?
go down and look at the tell-tale."
the clerk returned.
"east north east, sir, and has been steadily sothese two days."
"then," replied the secretary, "i am afraid you are too late to obtainyour wish.
the orders to the port-admiral are most peremptory toexpedite the sailing of the transports, and a frigate has been now threeweeks waiting to convoy them.
depend upon it, they have sailed to-day."
"what can be done?"
replied i, mournfully.
"you must apply for his discharge, and procure a substitute.
he canthen have an order sent out, and be permitted to return home.
i am verysorry, as i perceive you are much interested; but i'm afraid it is toolate now.
however, you may call to-morrow.
the weather is clear withthis wind, and the port-admiral will telegraph to the admiralty thesailing of the vessels.
should anything detain them, i will take carethat his royal highness shall be acquainted with the circumstances thisafternoon, if possible, and will give you his reply."
we thanked the secretary for his politeness, and took our leave.
vexedas i was with the communications i had already received, i was much moreso when one of the porters ran to the carriage to show me, by thesecretary's order, a telegraphic communication from the admiralty,containing the certain and unpleasant information, "convoy to westindies sailed this morning."
"then it is all over for the present," said i, throwing myself back inthe carriage; and i continued in a melancholy humour until mrwharncliffe, who had business in the city, put me down as near as thecarriage went to the house of mr drummond.
i found sarah, who was thedepository of all my thoughts, pains, and pleasures, and i communicatedto her this episode in the history of young tom.
as most ladies aresevere judges of their own sex, she was very strong in her expressionsagainst the conduct of mary, which she would not allow to admit of anypalliation.
even her penitence had no weight with her.
"and yet, how often is it the case, sarah, not perhaps to the extentcarried on by this mistaken girl; but still, the disappointment is asgreat, although the consequences are not so calamitous.
among thehigher classes, how often do young men receive encouragement, and yieldthemselves up to a passion, to end only in disappointment!
it is notnecessary to plight troth; a young woman may not have virtuallycommitted herself, and yet, by merely appearing pleased with theconversation and company of a young man, induce him to venture hisaffections in a treacherous sea, and eventually find them wrecked."
"you are very nautically poetical, jacob," replied sarah.
"such thingsdo happen; but i think that women's affections are, to use your phrase,oftener wrecked than those of men.
that, however, does not exculpateeither party.
a woman must be blind, indeed, if she cannot perceive, ina very short time, whether she is trifling with a man's feelings, andbase, indeed, if she continues to practise upon them."
"sarah," replied i, and i stopped.
"i was," replied i, stammering a little--"i was going to ask you if youwere blind."
"as to what, jacob?"
said sarah, colouring up.
"as to my feelings towards you."
"no; i believe you like me very well," replied she, smiling.
"do you think that that is all?"
"where do you dine to-day, jacob," replied sarah.
"that must depend upon you and your answer.
if i dine here to-day, itrust to dine here often.
if i do not dine here to-day, probably inever may again.
i wish to know, sarah, whether you have been blind tomy feelings towards you; for, with the case of mary and tom before me, ifeel that i must no longer trust to my own hopes, which may end indisappointment.
will you have the kindness to put me out of my misery?"
"if i have been blind to your feelings i have not been blind to yourmerit, jacob.
perhaps i have not been blind to your feelings, and i amnot of the same disposition as mary stapleton.
i think you may ventureto dine here to-day," continued she, colouring and smiling, as sheturned away to the window.
"i can hardly believe that i'm to be so happy, sarah," replied i,agitated.
"i have been fortunate, very fortunate; but the hopes youhave now raised are so much beyond my expectations--so much beyond mydeserts--that i dare not indulge in them.
have pity on me, and be moreexplicit."
"what do you wish me to say?"
replied sarah, looking down upon her work,as she turned round to me.
"that you will not reject the orphan who was fostered by your father,and who reminds you of what he was, that you may not forget at thismoment what i trust is the greatest bar to his presumption--his humbleorigin."
"jacob, that was said like yourself--it was nobly said; and if you werenot born noble, you have true nobility of mind.
i will imitate yourexample.
have i not often, during our long friendship, told you that iloved you?"
"yes, as a child you did, sarah."
"then, as a woman, i repeat it.
and now are you satisfied?"
i took sarah by the hand; she did not withdraw it, but allowed me tokiss it over and over again.
"but your father and mother, sarah?"
"would never have allowed our intimacy if they had not approved of it,jacob, depend upon it.
however, you may make yourself easy on thatscore by letting them know what has passed; and then, i presume, youwill be out of your misery."
before the day was over i had spoken to mrs drummond, and requested herto open the business to her husband, as i really felt it more than icould dare to do.
she smiled as her daughter hung upon her neck; andwhen i met mr drummond at dinner-time i was "out of my misery," for heshook me by the hand, and said, "you have made us all very happy, jacob;for that girl appears determined either to marry you or not to marry atall.
come; dinner is ready."
i will leave the reader to imagine how happy i was, what passed betweensarah and me in our _tete-a-tete_ of that evening, how unwilling i wasto quit the house, and how i ordered a post-chaise to carry me home,because i was afraid to trust myself on that water on which the majorpart of my life had been safely passed, lest any accident should happento me and rob me of my anticipated bliss.
from that day i was as one ofthe family, and finding the distance too great, took up my abode atapartments contiguous to the house of mr drummond.
but the course ofother people's love did not run so smooth, and i must now return to marystapleton and tom beazeley.
i had breakfasted, and was just about to take my wherry and go down toacquaint the old couple with the bad success of my application.
i hadbeen reflecting with gratitude upon my own happiness in prospect,indulging in fond anticipations, and then, reverting to the state inwhich i had left mary stapleton and tom's father and mother, contrastingtheir misery with my joy, arising from the same source, when, who shouldrush into the dining-room but young tom, dressed in nothing but a shirtand a pair of white trousers, covered with dust, and wan with fatigueand excitement.
are you back?
then you must have deserted."
"very true," replied tom, sinking on a chair, "i swam on shore lastnight, and have made from portsmouth to here since eight o'clock.
ihardly need say that i am done up.
let me have something to drink,jacob, pray."
i went to the cellaret and brought him some wine, of which he drank offa tumbler eagerly.
during this i was revolving in my mind theconsequences which might arise from this hasty and imprudent step.
"tom," said i, "do you know the consequences of desertion?"
"yes," replied he, gloomily, "but i could not help it.
mary told me inher letter that she would do all i wished, would accompany me abroad;she made all the amends she could, poor girl!
and, by heavens, i couldnot leave her; and when i found myself fairly under weigh, and there wasno chance, i was almost mad; the wind baffled us at the needles, and weanchored for the night; i slipped down the cable and swam on shore, andthere's the whole story."
"but, tom, you will certainly be recognised and taken up for adeserter."
"i must think of that," replied tom; "i know the risk i run; but if youobtain my discharge, they may let me off."
i thought this was the best plan to proceed upon, and requesting tom tokeep quiet, i went to consult with mr wharncliffe.
he agreed with methat it was tom's only chance, and i pulled to his father's, to let themknow what had occurred, and then went on to the drummonds.
when ireturned home late in the evening the gardener told me that tom had goneout and had not returned.
my heart misgave me that he had gone to seemary, and that some misfortune had occurred, and i went to bed with mostanxious feelings.
my forebodings were proved to be correct, for thenext morning i was informed that old stapleton wished to see me.
he wasushered in, and as soon as he entered, he exclaimed, "all's up, masterjacob--tom's nabbed--mary fit after fit--_human natur'_."
"why, what _is_ the matter, stapleton?"
"why, it's just this--tom desarts to come to mary.
cause why?--he lovesher--human natur'.
that soldier chap comes in and sees tom, clutcheshold, and tries to take possession of him.
tom fights, knocks outsergeant's starboard eye, and tries to escape--human natur'.
soldierscome in, pick up sergeant, seize tom, and carry him off.
mary cries,and screams, and faints--human natur'--poor girl can't keep her headup--two women with burnt feathers all night.
sad job, mister jacob.
ofall the senses love's the worst, that's sartain--quite upset me, can'tsmoke my pipe this morning--mary's tears quite put my pipe out,"--andold stapleton looked as if he was ready to cry himself.
"this is a sad business, stapleton," replied i.
"tom will be tried fordesertion, and god knows how it will end.
i will try all i can; butthey have been very strict lately."
"hope you will, mister jacob.
mary will die, that's sartain.
i'm moreafraid that tom will.
if one does, t'other will.
i know the girl--justlike her mother, never could carry her helm amidships, hard a port, orhard a starboard.
she's mad now to follow him--will go to maidstone.
itake her as soon as i go back to her.
just come up to tell you allabout it."
"this is a gloomy affair, stapleton."
"yes, for sartain--wish there never was such a thing as _human natur'_."
after a little conversation, and a supply of money, which i knew wouldbe acceptable, stapleton went away, leaving, me in no very happy stateof mind.
my regard for tom was excessive, and his situation one ofpeculiar danger.
again i repaired to mr wharncliffe for advice, and hereadily interested himself most warmly.
"this is, indeed, an awkward business," said he, "and will require moreinterest than i am afraid that i command.
if not condemned to death, hewill be sentenced to such a flogging as will break him down in spirit aswell as in body, and sink him into an early grave.
death werepreferable of the two.
lose no time, mr faithful, in going down tomaidstone, and seeing the colonel commanding the depot.
i will go tothe horse guards, and see what is to be done."
i wrote a hurried note to sarah to account for my absence, and sent forpost-horses.
early in the afternoon i arrived at maidstone, and findingout the residence of the officer commanding the depot, sent up my card.
in few words i stated to him the reason of my calling upon him.
"it will rest altogether with the horse guards, mr faithful, and i amafraid i can give you but little hope.
his royal highness has expressedhis determination to punish the next deserter with the utmost severityof the law.
his leniency on that point has been very injurious to theservice, and he _must do it_.
besides, there is an aggravation of theoffence in his attack upon the sergeant, who has irrecoverably lost hiseye."
"the sergeant first made him drunk, and then persuaded him to enlist."
i then stated the rivalship that subsisted between them, and continued,"is it not disgraceful to enlist men in that way--can that be calledvoluntary service?"
"all very true," replied the officer, "but still expediency winks ateven more.
i do not attempt to defend the system, but we must havesoldiers.
the seamen are impressed by force, the soldiers are entrappedby other means, even more discreditable: the only excuse is expediency,or, if you like it better, necessity.
all i can promise you, sir, is,to allow the prisoner every comfort which his situation will permit, andevery advantage at his court-martial, which mercy, tempered by justice,will warrant."
"i thank you, sir; will you allow me and his betrothed to see him?"
"most certainly; the order shall be given forthwith."
i thanked the officer for his kindness, and took my leave.
i hastened to the black hole where tom was confined, and the order formy admission having arrived before me, i was permitted by the sergeantof the guard to pass the sentry.
i found tom sitting on a benchnotching a stick with his knife, whistling a slow tune.
"this is kind, jacob, but not more than i expected of you--i made surethat i should see you to-night or to-morrow morning.
how's poor mary?
i care only for her now--i am satisfied--she loves me, and--i knockedout the sergeant's eye--spoilt his wooing, at all events."
"but, tom, are you aware of the danger in which you are placed?"
"yes, jacob, perfectly; i shall be tried by a court-martial and shot.
i've made up my mind to it--at all events, it's better than being hunglike a dog, or being flogged to death like a nigger.
i shall die like agentleman, if i have never been one before, that's some comfort.
nay, ishall go out of the world with as much noise as if a battle had beenfought, or a great man had died."
"how do you mean?"
"why there'll be more than one _bullet-in_."
"this is no time for jesting, tom."
"not for you, jacob, as a sincere friend, i grant; not for poor mary, asa devoted girl; not for my poor father and mother--no, no," continuedtom.
"i feel for them, but for myself i neither fear nor care.
i havenot done wrong--i was pressed against the law and act of parliament, andi deserted.
i was enlisted when i was drunk and mad, and i deserted.
there is no disgrace to me; the disgrace is to the government whichsuffers such acts.
if i am to be a victim, well and good--we can onlydie once."
"very true, tom; but you are young to die, and we must hope for thebest."
"i have given up all hope, jacob.
i know the law will be put in force.
i shall die and go to another and a better world, as the parson says,where, at all events, there will be no muskets to clean, no drill, andnone of your confounded pipe-clay, which has almost driven me mad.
ishould like to die in a blue jacket--in a red coat i will not, so ipresume i shall go out of the world in my shirt, and that's more than ihad when i came in."
"mary and her father are coming down to you, tom."
"i'm sorry for that, jacob; it would be cruel not to see her--but sheblames herself so much that i cannot bear to read her letters.
but,jacob, i will see her, to try if i can comfort her--but she must notstay; she must go back again till after the court-martial, and thesentence, and then--if she wishes to take her farewell, i suppose i mustnot refuse."
a few tears dropped from his eyes as he said this.
"jacob, will you wait and take her back to town?--she must not stayhere--and i will not see my father and mother until the last.
let usmake one job of it, and then all will be over."
as tom said this the door of the cell again opened, and stapletonsupported in his daughter.
mary tottered to where tom stood, and fellinto his arms in a fit of convulsions.
it was necessary to remove her,and she was carried out.
"let her not come in again, i beseech you,jacob; take her back, and i will bless you for your kindness.
wish mefarewell now, and see that she does not come again."
tom wrung me bythe hand, and turned away to conceal his distress.
i nodded my head inassent, for i could not speak for emotion, and followed stapleton andthe soldiers who had taken mary out.
as soon as she was recoveredsufficiently to require no further medical aid, i lifted her into thepost-chaise, and ordered the boys to drive back to brentford.
marycontinued in a state of stupor during the journey; and when i arrived atmy own house, i gave her into the charge of the gardener's wife, anddespatched her husband for medical assistance.
the application of mrwharncliffe was of little avail, and he returned to me withdisappointment in his countenance.
the whole of the next week was themost distressing that i ever passed; arising from my anxiety for tom, mydaily exertions to reason mary into some degree of submission to thewill of providence--her accusations of herself and her own folly--herincoherent ravings, calling herself tom's murderer, which alarmed me forher reason; the distress of old tom and his wife, who, unable to remainin their solitude, came all to me for intelligence, for comfort, and forwhat, alas!
i dare not give them--hope.
all this, added to myseparation from sarah during my attendance to what i considered my duty,reduced me to a debility, arising from mental exertion, which changed meto almost a skeleton.
at last the court-martial was held, and tom was condemned to death.
thesentence was approved of, and we were told that all appeals would beunavailing.
we received the news on the saturday evening, and tom wasto suffer on the tuesday morning.
i could no longer refuse the appealsof mary; indeed, i received a letter from tom, requesting that all ofus, the dominie included, would come down and bid him farewell.
i hireda carriage for old tom, his wife, stapleton, and mary, and putting thedominie and myself in my own chariot, we set off early on the sundaymorning for maidstone.
we arrived about eleven o'clock, and put up atan inn in close proximity to the barracks.
it was arranged that thedominie and i should see tom first, then his father and mother, andlastly, mary stapleton.
"verily," said the dominie, "my heart is heavy, exceeding heavy; my soulyearneth after the poor lad, who is thus to lose his life for a woman--awoman from whose toils i did myself escape.
yet is she exceeding fairand comely, and now that it is unavailing, appeareth to be penitent."
i made no reply; we had arrived at the gate of the barracks.
irequested to be admitted to the prisoner, and the doors were unbarred.
tom was dressed with great care and cleanliness in white trousers andshirt and waistcoat, but his coat lay on the table; he would not put iton.
he extended his hand towards me with a faint smile.
"it's all over now, jacob; and there is no hope that i am aware of, andi have made up my mind to die; but i wish these last farewells wereover, for they unman me.
i hope you are well, sir," continued tom tothe dominie.
"nay, my poor boy, i am as well as age and infirmity will permit, andwhy should i complain when i see youth, health, and strength about to besacrificed; and many made miserable, when many might be made so happy?"
and the dominie blew his nose, the trumpet sound of which re-echoedthrough the cell, so as to induce the sentry to look through the bars.
"they are all here, tom," said i.
"would you like to see them now?"
"yes; the sooner it is over the better."
"will you see your father and mother first?"
"yes," replied tom, in a faltering tone.
i went out, and returned with the old woman on my arm, followed by oldtom, who stumped after me with the assistance of his stick.
poor oldmrs beazeley fell on her son's neck, sobbing convulsively.
"my boy--my boy--my dear, dear boy!"
said she at last, and she looked upsteadfastly in his face.
he'll be dead to-morrow!"
her head again sank on his shoulder, and her sobs were choking her.
tomkissed his mother's forehead as the tears coursed down his cheeks, andmotioned me to take her away.
i placed her down on the floor, where sheremained silent, moving her head up and down with a slow motion, herface buried in her shawl.
it was but now and then that you heard aconvulsive drawing of her breath.
old tom had remained a silent butagitated spectator of the scene.
every muscle in his weather-beatencountenance twitched convulsively, and the tears at last forced theirway through the deep furrows on his cheeks.
tom, as soon as his motherwas removed, took his father by the hand, and they sat down together.
"you are not angry with me, father, for deserting?"
"no, my boy, no; i was angry with you for 'listing, but not fordeserting.
what business had you with the pipeclay?
but i do think ihave reason to be angry elsewhere, when i reflect that after having lostmy two legs in defending her, my country is now to take from me my boyin his prime.
it's but a poor reward for long and hard service--poorencouragement to do your duty; but what do they care?
they have had mysarvices, and they have left me a hulk.
well, they may take the rest ofme if they please, now that they--well, it's no use crying; what's donecan't be helped," continued old tom, as the tears ran down in torrents;"they may shoot you, tom; but this i know well, you'll die game, andshame them by proving to them they have deprived themselves of thesarvices of a good man when good men are needed.
i would not have somuch cared," continued old tom, after a pause--"(look to the old woman,jacob, she's tumbling over to port)--if you had fallen on board a king'sship in a good frigate action; some must be killed when there's hardfighting; but to be drilled through by your own countrymen, to die bytheir hands, and, worst of all, to die in a red coat, instead of a trueblue--""father, i will not die in a red coat--i won't put it on."
"that's some comfort, tom, anyhow, and comfort's wanted."
"and i'll die like a man, father."
"that you will, tom, and that's some comfort."
"we shall meet again, father."
"hope so, tom, in heaven--that's some comfort."
"and now, father, bless me, and take care of my poor mother."
"bless you, tom, bless you!"
cried the old man, in a suffocating voice,extending both his hands towards tom, as they rose up; but theequilibrium was no longer to be maintained, and he reeled back in thearms of me and tom.
we lowered him gently down by the side of his wife;the old couple turned to each other, and embracing, remained sobbing ineach other's arms.
"jacob," said tom, squeezing me by the hand, with a quivering lip, "byyour regard for me, let now the last scene be got over--let me see mary,and let this tortured heart once more be permitted a respite."
i sentout the dominie.
tom leant against the wall, with his arms folded, inappearance summoning up all his energy for the painful meeting.
marywas led in by her father.
i expected she would have swooned away, asbefore; but, on the contrary, although she was pale as death, andgasping for breath, from intensity of feeling, she walked up to tomwhere he was standing, and sat down on the form close to him.
shelooked anxiously round upon the group, and then said, "i know that all inow say is useless, tom; but still i must say it--it is i who, by myfolly, have occasioned all this distress and misery--it is i who havecaused you to suffer a--dreadful death--yes, tom, i am your murderer."
"not so, mary, the folly was my own," replied tom, taking her hand.
"you cannot disguise or palliate to me, dearest tom," replied mary; "myeyes have been opened, too late it is true, but they have been opened;and although it is kind of you to say so, i feel the horrid convictionof my own guilt.
see what misery i have brought about.
there is afather who has sacrificed his youth and his limbs to his country,sobbing in the arms of a mother whose life is bound up with that of heronly son.
to them," continued mary, falling down upon her knees, "tothem i must kneel for pardon, and i ask it as they hope to be forgiven.
can you forgive a wretch like me?"
a pause ensued.
i went up to old tom, and kneeling by his side, beggedhim to answer.
"forgive her, poor thing--yes; who could refuse it, as she kneels there?
come," continued he, speaking to his wife, "you must forgive her.
lookup, dame, at her, and think that our poor boy may be asking the same ofheaven to-morrow at noon."
the old woman looked up, and her dimmed eyes caught a sight of mary'simploring and beautiful attitude; it was not to be withstood.
"as i hope for mercy to my poor boy, whom you have killed, so do iforgive you, unhappy young woman."
"may god reward you, when you are summoned before him," replied mary.
"it was the hardest task of all.
of you, jacob, i have to askforgiveness for depriving you of your early and truest friend--yes, andfor much more.
of you, sir," addressing the dominie, "for my conducttowards you, which was cruel and indefensible--will you forgive me?"
"yes, mary, from my heart, i do forgive you," replied i.
"bless thee, maiden, bless thee!"
sobbed the dominie.
"father, i must ask of you the same--i have been a wilful child--forgiveme!"
"yes, mary; you could not help it," replied old stapleton, blubbering;"it was all human natur'."
"and now," said mary, turning round on her knees to tom, with a lookexpressive of anguish and love, "to you, tom, must be my last appeal.
iknow _you_ will forgive me--i know you have--and this knowledge of yourfervent love makes the thought more bitter that i have caused yourdeath.
but hear me, tom, and all of you hear me.
i never loved butyou; i have liked others much; i liked jacob; but you only ever did makeme feel i had a heart; and alas, you only have i sacrificed.
when ledaway by my folly to give you pain, i suffered more than you--for youhave had my only, you shall have my eternal and unceasing love.
to yourmemory i am hereafter wedded, to join you will be my only wish--and ifthere could be a boon granted me from heaven, it would be to die withyou, tom--yes, in those dear arms."
mary held out her arms to tom, who falling down on his knees, embracedher, and thus they remained with their faces buried in each other'sshoulders.
the whole scene was now at its climax; it was toooppressive, and i felt faint, when i was aroused by the voice of thedominie, who, lifting up both his arms, and extending them forth,solemnly prayed, "o lord, look down upon these thy servants inaffliction; grant to those who are to continue in their pilgrimagestrength to bear thy chastening--grant to him who is to be summoned tothee that happiness which the world cannot give; and o god most mighty,god most powerful, lay not upon us burdens greater than we can bear.--mychildren let us pray."
the dominie knelt down and repeated the lord's prayer; all followed hisexample, and then there was a pause.
"stapleton," said i, pointing to mary.
i beckoned to the dominie.
weassisted up old tom, and then his wife, and led them away; the poor oldwoman was in a state of stupefaction, and until she was out in the airwas not aware that she had quitted her son.
stapleton had attempted todetach mary from tom, but in vain; they were locked together as if indeath.
at last tom, roused by me, suffered his hold to be loosened, andmary was taken out in a happy state of insensibility, and carried to theinn by her father and the dominie.
"are they all gone?"
whispered tom to me, as his head reclined on myshoulder.
"then the bitterness of death is past; god have mercy on them, andassuage their anguish; they want his help more than i do."
a passionate flood of tears, which lasted some minutes, relieved thepoor fellow; he raised himself, and drying his eyes, became morecomposed.
"jacob, i hardly need tell my dying request, to watch over my poorfather and mother, to comfort poor mary--god bless you, jacob!
you haveindeed been a faithful friend, and may god reward you.
and now, jacob,leave me; i must commune with my god, and pray for forgiveness.
thespace between me and eternity is but short."
tom threw himself into my arms, where he remained for some minutes; hethen broke gently away, and pointed to the door.
i once more took hishand and we parted.
in which, as usual in the last chapter of a work, everything is wound upmuch to the reader's satisfaction, and not a little to the author's, wholays down his pen, exclaiming, "thank god!"
i went back to the inn, and ordering the horses to be put to, iexplained to all but mary the propriety of their now returning home.
mary was lifted in, and it was a relief to my mind to see them alldepart.
as for myself, i resolved to remain until the last; but i wasin a state of feverish agitation, which made me restless.
as i paced upand down the room, the newspaper caught my eye.
i laid hold of itmechanically, and looked at it.
a paragraph rivetted my attention.
"his majesty's ship _immortalite_ chatham, to be paid off."
then ourship has come home.
but what was that now?
yet something whispered tome that i ought to go and see captain maclean, and try if anything couldbe done.
i knew his commanding interest, and although it was now toolate, still i had an impulse to go and see him, which i could notresist.
"after all," said i to myself, "i'm of no use here, and i mayas well go."
this feeling, added to my restlessness, induced me toorder horses, and i went to chatham, found out that captain maclean wasstill on board, and took boat off to the frigate.
i was recognised bythe officers, who were glad to see me, and i sent a message to thecaptain, who was below, requesting to see him.
i was asked into thecabin, and stated to him what had occurred, requesting his assistance,if possible.
"faithful," replied he, "it appears that tom beazeley has desertedtwice; still there is much extenuation; at all events, the punishment ofdeath is too severe, and i don't _like_ it--i can save him, and i will.
by the rule of the services, a deserter from one service can be claimedfrom the other, and must be tried by his officers.
his sentence is,therefore, not legal.
i shall send a party of marines, and claim him asa deserter from the navy, and they must and shall give him up--makeyourself easy, faithful, his life is as safe as yours."
i could have fallen on my knees and thanked him, though i could hardlybelieve that such good news was true.
"there is no time to lose, sir," replied i, respectfully; "he is to beshot to-morrow at nine o'clock."
"he will be on board here to-morrow at nine o'clock, or i am not captainmaclean.
but, as you say, there is no time to lose.
it is now nearlydark, and the party must be off immediately.
i must write a letter onservice to the commanding officer of the depot.
call my clerk."
i ran out and called the clerk.
in a few minutes the letter waswritten, and a party of marines, with the second lieutenant, despatchedwith me on shore.
i ordered post-chaises for the whole party, andbefore eleven we were at maidstone.
the lieutenant and i sat up allnight, and, at daylight, we summoned the marines and went to thebarracks, where we found the awful note of preparation going forward,and the commanding officer up and attending to the arrangements.
iintroduced the lieutenant, who presented the letter on service.
"good heavens, how fortunate!
you can establish his identity, ipresume."
"every man here can swear to him."
"'tis sufficient, mr faithful.
i wish you and your friend joy of thisreprieve.
the rules of the service must be obeyed, and you will sign areceipt for the prisoner."
this was done by the lieutenant, and the provost marshal was ordered todeliver up the prisoner.
i hastened with the marines into the cell; thedoor was unlocked.
tom, who was reading his bible, started up, andperceiving the red jackets, thought that he was to be led out toexecution.
"my lads," exclaimed he, "i am ready; the sooner this is over thebetter."
"no, tom," said i, advancing; "i trust for better fortune.
you areclaimed as a deserter from the _immortalite_."
tom stared, lifted the hair from his forehead, and threw himself into myarms; but we had no time for a display of feelings.
we hurried tom awayfrom the barracks; again i put the whole party into chaises, and we soonarrived at chatham, where we embarked on board of the frigate.
tom wasgiven into the charge of the master-at-arms as a deserter, and a letterwas written by captain maclean, demanding a court-martial on him.
"what will be the result?"
inquired i of the first lieutenant.
"the captain says, little or nothing, as he was pressed as anapprentice, which is contrary to act of parliament."
i went down to cheer tom with this intelligence, and taking my leave,set off for london with a light heart.
still i thought it better not tocommunicate this good news until assurance was made doubly sure.
ihastened to mr drummond's, and detailed to them all that had passed.
the next day mr wharncliffe went with me to the admiralty, where i hadthe happiness to find that all was legal, and that tom could only betried for his desertion from a man-of-war; and that if he could provethat he was an apprentice, he would, in all probability, be acquitted.
the court-martial was summoned three days after the letter had beenreceived by the admiralty.
i hastened down to chatham to be present.
it was very short; the desertion was proved, and tom was called upon forhis defence.
he produced his papers, and proved that he was pressedbefore his time had expired.
the court was cleared for a few minutes,and then re-opened.
tom was acquitted on the ground of illegaldetention, contrary to act of parliament, and he was _free_.
i returnedmy thanks to captain maclean and his officers for their kindness, andleft the ship with tom in the cutter, ordered for me by the firstlieutenant.
my heart swelled with gratitude at the happy result.
tomwas silent, but his feelings i could well analyse.
i gave to the men ofthe boat five guineas to drink tom's health, and, hastening to the inn,ordered the carriage, and with tom, who was a precious deposit, for uponhis welfare depended the happiness of so many, i hurried to london asfast as i could, stopped at the drummond's to communicate the happyintelligence, and then proceeded to my own house, where we slept.
thenext morning i dressed tom in some of my clothes, and we embarked in thewherry.
"now, tom," said i, "you must keep in the background at first, while iprepare them.
where shall we go first?"
"oh, to my mother," replied tom.
we passed through putney bridge, and tom's bosom heaved as he lookedtowards the residence of mary.
his heart was there, poor fellow!
and helonged to fly to the poor girl and dry her tears; but his first duty wasto his parents.
we soon arrived abreast of the residence of the old couple, and idesired tom to pull in, but not turn his head round, lest they shouldsee him before i had prepared them; for too much joy will kill as wellas grief.
old tom was not at his work, and all was quiet.
i landed andwent to the house, opened the door, and found them both sitting by thekitchen fire in silence, apparently occupied in watching the smoke as itascended up the spacious chimney.
"good morning to you both," said i; "how do you find yourself, mrsbeazeley?"
"ah, deary me!"
replied the old woman, putting her apron up to her eyes.
"sit down, jacob, sit down," said old tom; "we _can_ talk of him now."
"yes, now that he's in heaven, poor fellow!"
interposed the old woman.
"tell me, jacob," said old tom, with a quivering lip, "did you see thelast of him?
tell me all about it.
how did he look?
how did hebehave?
was he soon out of his pain?
and--jacob--where is he buried!"
"yes, yes;" sobbed mrs beazeley; "tell me where is the body of my poorchild."
"can you bear to talk about him?"
"yes, yes; we can't talk too much; it does us good," replied she.
"wehave done nothing but talk about him since we left him."
"and shall, till we sink down into our own graves," said old tom, "whichwon't be long.
i've nothing to wish for now, and i'll never sing again,that's sartain.
we shan't last long, either of us.
as for me,"continued the old man with a melancholy smile, looking down at hisstumps.
"i may well say that i've _two_ feet in the grave already.
butcome, jacob, tell us all about him."
"i will," replied i; "and my dear mrs beazeley, you must prepareyourself for different tidings than what you expect.
tom is not yetshot."
shrieked the old woman.
"not yet, jacob;" cried old tom, seizing me by the arm, and squeezing itwith the force of a vice, as he looked me earnestly in the face.
"he lives; and i am in hopes he will be pardoned."
mrs beazeley sprang from her chair and seized me by the other arm.
"i see--i see by your face.
yes, jacob, he is pardoned; and we shallhave our tom again."
"you are right, mrs beazeley; he is pardoned, and will soon be here."
the old couple sank down on their knees beside me.
i left them, andbeckoned from the door to tom, who flew up, and in a moment was in theirarms.
i assisted him to put his mother into her chair, and then wentout to recover myself from the agitating scene.
i remained about anhour outside, and then returned.
the old couple seized me by the hands,and invoked blessings on my head.
"you must now part with tom a little while," said i; "there are othersto make happy besides yourselves."
"very true," replied old tom; "go, my lad, and comfort her.
come,missus, we mustn't forget others."
go, tom; go and tell her that i don't care how soon she is mydaughter."
tom embraced his mother, and followed me to the boat; we pulled upagainst the tide, and were soon at putney.
"tom, you had better stay in the boat.
i will either come or send foryou."
it was very unwillingly that tom consented, but i overruled hisentreaties, and he remained.
i walked to mary's house and entered.
shewas up in the little parlour, dressed in deep mourning; when i enteredshe was looking out upon the river; she turned her head, and perceivingme, rose to meet me.
"you do not come to upbraid me, jacob, i am sure," said she, in amelancholy voice; "you are too kind-hearted for that."
"no, no, mary; i come to comfort you, if possible."
"that is not possible.
look at me, jacob.
is there not a worm--acanker--that gnaws within?"
the hollow cheek and wild flaring eye, once so beautiful, but tooplainly told the truth.
"mary," said i, "sit down; you know what the bible says--`it is good forus to be afflicted.'"
"yes, yes," sobbed mary, "i deserve all i suffer; and i bow in humility.
but am i not too much punished, jacob?
not that i would repine; but isit not too much for me to bear, when i think that i am the destroyer ofone who loved me so?"
"you have not been the destroyer, mary."
"yes, yes; my heart tells me that i have."
"but--i tell you that you have not.
say, mary, dreadful as thepunishment has been, would you not kiss the rod with thankfulness, if itcured you of your unfortunate disposition, and prepared you to make agood wife?"
"that it has cured me, jacob, i can safely assert; but it has alsokilled me as well as him.
but i wish not to live; and i trust, in a fewshort months, to repose by his side."
"i hope you will have your wish, mary, very soon, but not in death."
what do you mean, jacob?"
"i said you were not the destroyer of poor tom--you have not been; hehas not _yet_ suffered; there was an informality, which has induced themto revise the sentence."
"jacob," replied mary, "it is cruelty to raise my hopes only to crushthem again.
if not yet dead, he is still to die.
i wish you had nottold me so," continued she, bursting into tears; "what a state of agonyand suspense must he have been in all this time, and i--i have causedhis sufferings!
i trusted he had long been released from this cruel,heartless world."
the flood of tears which followed assured me that i could safely impartthe glad intelligence.
"mary, mary, listen to me."
"leave me, leave me," sobbed mary, waving her hand.
"no, mary, not until i tell you that tom is not only alive, but--pardoned."
"yes, pardoned, mary--free, mary--and in a few minutes will be in yourarms."
mary dropped on her knees, raised her hands and eyes to heaven, and thenfell into a state of insensibility.
tom, who had followed me, andremained near the house, had heard the shriek, and could no longerretain himself; he flew into the room as mary fell, and i put her intohis arms.
at the first signs of returning sensibility, i left themtogether, and went to find old stapleton, to whom i was more brief in mycommunication.
stapleton continued to smoke his pipe during mynarrative.
"glad of it, glad of it," said he, when i finished.
"i were justthinking how all these senses brought us into trouble, more than all,that sense of love; got me into trouble, and made me kill a man--got mypoor wife into trouble, and drowned her--and now almost shot tom, andkilled mary.
had too much of human natur' lately--nothing but moisteyes and empty pipes.
met that sergeant yesterday, had a turn up; tomsettled one eye, and, old as i am, i've settled the other for a time.
he's in bed for a fortnight--couldn't help it--human natur'."
i took leave of stapleton, and calling in upon tom and mary, shakinghands with the one, and kissing the other, i despatched a letter to thedominie, acquainting him with what had passed, and then hastened to thedrummonds and imparted the happy results of my morning's work to sarahand her mother.
"and now, sarah, having so successfully arranged the affairs of otherpeople, i should like to plead in my own behalf.
i think that afterhaving been deprived almost wholly of your dear company for a month, ideserve to be rewarded."
"you do, indeed, jacob," said mrs drummond, "and i am sure that sarahthinks so too, if she will but acknowledge it."
"i do acknowledge it, mamma; but what is this reward to be?"
"that you will allow your father and mother to arrange an early day forour nuptials, and also allow tom and mary to be united at the samealtar."
"mamma, have i not always been a dutiful daughter?"
"yes, my love, you have."
"then i shall do as i am bidden by my parents, jacob; it will beprobably the last command i receive from them, and i shall obey it; willthat please you, dear jacob?"
that evening the day was fixed, and now i must not weary the reader witha description of my feelings, or of my happiness in the preparations forthe ceremony.
sarah and i, mary and tom, were united on the same day,and there was nothing to cloud our happiness.
tom took up his abodewith his father and mother; and mary, radiant with happiness, even morebeautiful than ever, has settled down into an excellent, doting wife.
for sarah, i hardly need say the same; she was my friend from childhood,she is now all that a man could hope and wish for.
we have been marriedseveral years, and are blessed with a numerous family.
i am now almost at a conclusion.
i have only to acquaint the readerwith a few particulars relative to my early friends.
stapleton is stillalive, and is wedded to his pipe, which, with him, although the tastefor tobacco has been considered as an acquired one, may truly beasserted to be human nature.
he has two wherries with apprentices, andfrom them gains a good livelihood, without working himself.
he saysthat the boys are not as honest as i was, and cheat him not a little;but he consoles himself by asserting that it is nothing but humannatur'.
old tom is also strong and hearty, and says that he don'tintend to follow his legs for some time yet.
his dame, he says, ispeaking, but mary requires no assistance.
old tom has left off mendingboats, his sign is taken down, for he is now comfortable.
when tommarried, i asked him what he wished to do; he requested me to lend himmoney to purchase a lighter; i made him a present of a new one, justlaunched by mr drummond's firm.
but old stapleton made over to him the200 pounds, left to him by mr turnbull, and his mother brought out anequal sum from her hoards.
this enabled tom to purchase anotherlighter, and now he has six or seven, i forget which; at all events heis well off, and adding to his wealth every year.
they talk of removingto a better house, but the old couple wish to remain.
old tom,especially, has built an arbour where the old boat stood, and sits therecarolling his songs, and watching the crafts as they go up and down theriver.
mr and mrs wharncliffe still continue my neighbours and dearestfriends.
mrs turnbull died a few months back, and i am now inpossession of the whole property.
my father and mother-in-law are welland happy.
mr drummond will retire from business as soon as he canwind up his multifarious concerns.
i have but one more to speak of--theold dominie.
it is now two years since i closed the eyes of this worthyman.
as he increased in years so did he in his abstractions of mind,and the governors of the charity thought it necessary to superannuatehim with a pension.
it was a heavy blow to the old man, who assertedhis capabilities to continue to instruct; but people thought otherwise,and he accepted my offer to take up his future residence with us, uponthe understanding that it was necessary that our children, the eldest ofwhom, at that time, was but four years old, should be instructed inlatin and greek.
he removed to us with all his books, etcetera, notforgetting the formidable birch; but as the children would not take tothe latin of their own accord, and mrs faithful would not allow the rodto be made use of, the dominie's occupation was gone.
still, such wasthe force of habit, that he never went without the latin grammar in hispocket, and i have often watched him sitting down in the poultry-yard,fancying, i presume, that he was in his school.
there would he decline,construe, and conjugate aloud, his only witnesses being the poultry, whowould now and then raise a gobble, gobble, gobble, while the ducks withtheir _quack, quack, quack_, were still more impertinent in theirreplies.
a sketch of him, in this position, has been taken by sarah,and now hangs over the mantel-piece of my study, between two of mrturnbull's drawings, one of an iceberg, on the 17th of august '78, andthe other showing the dangerous position of the _camel_ whaler, jammedbetween the floe of ice, in latitude ---, and longitude ---.
reader, i have now finished my narrative.
there are two morals, itrust, to be drawn from the events of my life, one of which is, that insociety we naturally depend upon each other for support, and that he whowould assert his independence throws himself out of the current whichbears to advancement; the other is, that with the advantages of goodeducation, and good principle, although it cannot be expected thateveryone will be so fortunate as i have been, still there is everyreasonable hope, and every right to expect, that we shall do well inthis world.
thrown up, as the dominie expressed himself, as a tangledweed from the river, you have seen the orphan and charity-boy rise towealth and consideration; you have seen how he who was friendlesssecured to himself the warmest friends; he who required everything fromothers became in a situation to protect and assist in return; he whocould not call one individual his relation, united to the object of hisattachment, and blessed with a numerous family; and to amass all theseadvantages and this sum of happiness, the only capital with which heembarked was a good education and good principles.
