it was in the autumn of the year 1828, that an elderly and infirmgentleman was slowly pacing up and down in a large dining-room.
he hadapparently finished his dinner, although it was not yet five o'clock,and the descending sun shone bright and warm through the windows, whichwere level with the ground, and from which there was a view of aspacious park, highly ornamented with old timber.
he held a newspaper inone hand, and had the other behind his back, as if for support, for hewas bent forward, and looked very feeble and emaciated.
after pacing for some time, he sat down in an easy chair and remained indeep thought, holding the newspaper in both his hands.
this old gentleman's name was sir charles wilmot.
he had in early lifegone out to india as a writer, and after remaining there for a fewyears, during which he had amassed a handsome fortune, was advised toleave the country for a time on account of his health.
he returned toengland on furlough, and had not been there more than six months whenthe death, without issue, of his eldest brother, sir henry wilmot, puthim in possession of the entailed estates and of the baronetcy.
this decided him not to return to india for his wife and threedaughters, whom he had left out there, but to write, desiring them toreturn home by the first ship.
the reply which he received was mostpainful; his wife and two of his daughters had been carried off by thecholera, which had been very fatal during the previous rainy season.
his remaining daughter was about to sail, in obedience to his wishes, inthe _grosvenor_ east-indiaman, under the care of colonel and mrs. james,who were near connections.
this was a heavy blow with which it pleased god to visit him in hisprosperity, and was almost a total wreck of all his hopes andanticipations.
but he was a good man and a religious one, and he bowedin humility to the dispensation, submitting with resignation to hisloss, and still thankful to heaven that it had graciously spared one ofthe objects of his affections to console him, and to watch his decliningyears.
sir charles wilmot took possession of the family mansion and estate inberkshire, in which he was still residing at the time our historycommences.
by degrees he became more resigned, and waited with anxietyfor the return of his only daughter, who now seemed more dear to himthan ever.
he employed himself in making preparations for her reception,fitting up her apartments in the oriental style which she had beenaccustomed to, and devising every little improvement and invention whichhe thought would give pleasure to a child of ten years old.
but it pleased heaven that sir charles should be more severelychastised; the _grosvenor's_ time of arrival had elapsed, and still shewas not reported in the channel; week after week of anxiety and suspensepassed slowly away, and the east-india ship did not make her appearance.
it was supposed that she had been captured by the enemy, but still notidings of her capture were received.
at length, however, this state ofanxiety and doubt was put an end to by the dreadful intelligence thatthe ship had been wrecked on the east coast of africa, and that nearlythe whole of the crew and passengers had perished.
two men belonging toher had been brought home by a danish east-indiaman, and shortly afterthe first intelligence, these men arrived in london, and gave a moreparticular detail of what had occurred.
sir charles, in a state of feverish anxiety, as soon as he heard oftheir arrival, hastened up to town to question these men; and theresult of his interrogatories fully convinced him that he was now quitebereaved and childless.
this was the last blow and the most severe; itwas long before he could resign himself to the unsearchabledispensations of providence; but time and religion had at last overcomeall his repining feelings,--all disposition to question the goodness orwisdom of his heavenly father, and he was enabled to say, withsincerity, "not my will, but thine be done."
but although sir charles was thus left childless, as years passed away,he at last found that he had those near to him for whom he felt aninterest, and one in particular who promised to deserve all his regard.
this was his grand-nephew, alexander wilmot, who was the legal heir tothe title and entailed property,--the son of a deceased nephew, who hadfallen during the peninsular war.
on this boy sir charles had lavished those affections which it pleasedheaven that he should not bestow upon his own issue, and alexanderwilmot had gradually become as dear to him as if he had been his ownchild.
still the loss of his wife and children was ever in his memory,and as time passed on, painful feelings of hope and doubt wereoccasionally raised in sir charles's mind, from the occasionalassertions of travelers, that all those did not perish who were supposedso to do when the _grosvenor_ was wrecked, and that, from the reports ofthe natives, some of them and of their descendants were still alive.
itwas a paragraph in the newspaper, containing a renewal of theseassertions, which had attracted the attention of sir charles, and whichhad put him in the state of agitation and uneasiness in which we havedescribed him at the opening of this chapter.
we left him in deep and painful thought, with the newspaper in hishands.
his reveries were interrupted by the entrance of alexanderwilmot, who resided with him, being now twenty-two years of age, andhaving just finished his college education.
alexander wilmot was a tall,handsome young man, very powerful in frame, and very partial to allathletic exercises; he was the best rower and the best cricketer atoxford, very fond of horses and hunting, and an excellent shot; incharacter and disposition he was generous and amiable, frank in hismanner, and obliging to his inferiors.
every one liked alexander wilmot,and he certainly deserved to be liked, for he never injured or spoke illof any body.
perhaps his most prominent fault was obstinacy; but thiswas more shown in an obstinate courage and perseverance to conquer whatappeared almost impossible, and at the greatest risk to himself; he wasof that disposition that he would hardly get out of the way of a madbull if it crossed his path, but risk his life probably, and to nopurpose; but there is no perfection in this world, and it was still lessto be expected in a young man of only twenty-two years of age.
"well, uncle, i've conquered him," said alexander, as he came into theroom, very much heated with exercise.
"conquered whom, my boy?"
replied sir charles.
"the colt; i've backed him, and he is now as gentle as a lamb; but hefought hard for two hours at least."
"why should you run such risk, alexander, when the horsebreaker wouldhave broke him just as well?"
"but not so soon, uncle."
"i did not know that you were in such want of a horse as to require suchhurry; i thought you had plenty in the stable."
"so i have, uncle, thanks to you, more than i can use; but i like thepleasure--the excitement."
"there you state the truth, my dear alexander; when you have lived aslong as i have, you will find more pleasure in quiet and repose,"replied sir charles, with a heavy sigh.
"something has disturbed you, my dear uncle," said alexander, going upto sir charles and taking his hand; "what is it, sir?"
"you are right, alexander; something has unsettled me, has called uppainful feelings and reminiscences; it is that paragraph in thenewspaper."
alexander was now as subdued almost as his uncle; he took a chair andquietly read the paragraph.
"do you think there is any foundation for this, my dear sir?"
said he,after he had read it.
[illustration: the newspaper paragraph.]
"it is impossible to say, my dear boy; it may be so, it has often beenasserted before.
the french traveler le vaillant states that he receivedthe same information, but was prevented from ascertaining the truth;other travelers have subsequently given similar accounts.
you may easilycredit the painful anxiety which is raised in my mind when i read such astatement as this.
i think i see my poor elizabeth, the wife or slave tosome wild savage; her children, merciful heaven!
my grandchildren,growing up as the brutes of the field, in ignorance and idolatry.
it istorture, my dear alexander--absolute torture, and requires long prayerand meditation to restore my mind to its usual tone, and to enable me tobow to the dispensations of the divine will."
"although i have long been acquainted with the general statement, mydear uncle, respecting the loss of the ship, i have never yet heard anysuch details as would warrant this apprehension of yours.
it isgenerally supposed that all perished, perished indeed most miserably,except the few men who made their way to the cape, and returned toengland."
"such was the supposition, my dear boy, but subsequent reports have to acertain degree contradicted it, and there is reason to believe that alldid not perish who were accounted as dead.
if you have nothingparticularly to engage you at this moment, i will enter into a detail ofwhat did occur, and of the proofs that the fate of a large portion,among which that of your aunt elizabeth, was never ascertained."
"if it will not be too painful to you, my dear uncle, i will most gladlyhear it."
"i will not dwell longer upon it than is necessary, alexander; believeme, the subject is distressing, but i wish you to know it also, and thento give me your opinion.
you are of course aware that it was on thecoast of caffraria, to the southward of port natal, that the _grosvenor_was wrecked.
she soon divided and went to pieces, but by a sudden--iknow not that i can say a _fortunate_--change of wind, yet such was thewill of heaven,--the whole of the crew and passengers (with theexception of sixteen who had previously attempted to gain the shore bya hawser, and one man who was left on board in a state of intoxication)were all safely landed, even to the little children who were coming homein the vessel; among whom was my poor elizabeth."
alexander made no observation when sir charles paused for a while: thelatter then continued:--"by the time that they had all gained the shore, the day was far spent;the natives, who were of the caffre race, and who had been busy inobtaining all the iron that they could from the mainmast, which haddrifted on shore, left the beach at dark.
the wretched sufferers lightedfires, and having collected some casks of beef and flour, and some livestock, they remained on the rocks during that night.
the next morningthe captain proposed that they should make their way to cape town, thedutch settlement, to which they all unanimously consented; certainly amost wild proposition, and showing very little judgment."
"could they have done otherwise, my dear uncle?"
"most certainly; they knew that they were in a country of lawlesssavages, who had already come down and taken by force every thing thatthey could lay their hands upon.
the captain calculated that they wouldreach cape town in sixteen or seventeen days.
how far his calculationwas correct, is proved by the fact that those who did reach it at lastwere one hundred and seventeen days on their journey.
but even admittingthat the distance could have been performed in the time stated by thecaptain, the very idea of attempting to force their way through acountry inhabited by savage people, with such a number of helpless womenand children, and without any arms for their defense, was indeed an actof folly and madness, as it eventually proved."
"what then should have been their plan?"
"observe, alexander, the ship was wrecked not a cable's length from theshore, firmly fixed upon a reef of rocks upon which she had been thrown;the water was smooth, and there was no difficulty in theircommunication.
the savages, content with plundering whatever was washedon shore, had to the time of their quitting the rocks left themuninjured.
they might have gone on board again, have procured arms todefend themselves and the means of fortifying their position against anyattempt of the savages, who had no other weapons but assaguays orspears, and then might have obtained the provisions and other articlesnecessary for their support.
armed as they might have been, and numerousas they were, for there were one hundred and fifty souls on board at thetime of the wreck, they might have protected themselves until they hadbuilt boats or small vessels out of the timber of the wreck; for alltheir carpenters and blacksmiths were safely landed on shore with them.
by taking this course they might have coasted along shore, and havearrived without difficulty at the cape."
"most certainly, sir, it would have been the most judicious plan."
"the captain must have been very deficient in judgment to have acted ashe did.
he had every thing to his hand--the means--the men to build theboats, provisions, arms, sails and cordage, and yet he threw all thesechances away, and attempted to do what was impossible."
"he was not one of those who were saved, i believe, sir?"
"no, he is one of those who have not been heard of; but to proceed: thefirst day of their march from the site of the wreck ought to have been awarning to them to turn back.
the savages robbed them of every thing andthrew stones at them.
a dutchman of the name of trout, who had fled tothe caffre country for some murder he had committed in the colony, fellin with them and told them the attempt was impracticable, from thenumber of savage nations, the width of the rivers, the desert countrieswithout water, and the number of wild beasts which they would encounter;but still they were not persuaded, and went on to their destruction.
they were not five miles from the wreck at the time, and might havereturned to it before night."
"may it not fairly be supposed that after such a dreadful shipwreck anything was considered preferable by the major portion of them, especiallythe passengers, to re-embarking?"
"it may be so; but still it was a feeling that was to be surmounted,and would have been, had they been counseled by a judicious leader; forhe might fairly have pointed out to them,--without re embarkation, howare you to arrive in england?"
"very true, uncle.
"from the accounts given by the seamen who returned, before they hadtraveled a week they were attacked by a large party of natives, to whoseblows and ill-treatment as they passed along they had hithertosubmitted; but as in this instance the natives appeared determined tomassacre them, they resisted as well as they could, and, being nearlyone hundred men in force, succeeded in driving them off, not withoutreceiving many severe wounds.
after a few days' more traveling, theirprovisions were all expended, and the seamen began to murmur, andresolved to take care of themselves, and not to be encumbered with womenand children.
the consequence was, that forty-three of the numberseparated from the rest, leaving the captain and all the male and femalepassengers and children (my dear elizabeth among them), to get on asthey could."
but self-preservation is the first law of nature, and i fear it isin vain to expect that persons not under the influence of religiousprinciples will risk their lives, or submit to much self-denial, for thesake of alleviating the miseries of others.
the reason given for thisseparation was, that it was impossible to procure food for so large anumber, and that they would be more likely to obtain sustenance whendivided.
the party who thus proceeded in advance encountered the mostterrible difficulties; they coasted along the seashore because they hadno other food than the shell-fish found on the rocks; they hadcontinually to cross rivers from a mile to two miles wide; they werekept from their slumbers by the wild beasts which prowled around them,and at length they endured so much from want of water, that theirsufferings were extreme.
they again subdivided and separated, wanderingthey hardly knew where, exposed to a burning sun, without clothing andwithout food.
one by one they sat down and were left behind to die, orto be devoured by the wild beasts before they were dead.
at last theywere reduced to such extremity, that they proposed to cast lots for oneto be killed to support the others; they turned back on their route,that they might find the dead bodies of their companions for food.
finally, out of the whole crew, three or four, purblind and staggeringfrom exhaustion, craving for death, arrived at the borders of thecolony, where they were kindly received and gradually recovered."
"you now speak of the first party who separated from the captain and thepassengers, do you not, uncle?"
"and what became of the captain's party?"
"no tidings were heard of them; their fate was unknown; it was longsupposed that they had all perished; for if the sufferings of theseamen, inured to toil and danger, had been so great, what chance wasthere for helpless women and children?
but after some years, there was areport that they had been saved, and were living with the savages.
levaillant first mentioned it, and then it died away and was not credited;but since that, the reports of various travelers appear to giveconfirmation to what le vaillant asserted.
the paragraph you have nowread in the newspaper has again renewed the assertion, and the partiesfrom whom it proceeds are by all accounts worthy of credence.
you mayimagine, my dear boy, what a pang it gives me when i read thesereports,--when i reflect that my poor girl, who was with that party, mayat this moment be alive, may have returned to a state of barbarism,--theseeds of faith long dead in her bosom,--now changed to a wild, untutoredsavage, knowing no god."
"but, my dear uncle, allowing that my aunt is alive, she was not soyoung at the time of the wreck as to forget entirely what she had beentaught."
"that is possible; but then her condition must be still more painful, orrather i should say must have been, for probably she is dead long beforethis, or if not dead, she must be a woman advanced in life; indeed, asyou may observe in the account given by the traveler in the paragraphyou have read, it speaks only of the _descendants_ of those who werelost in the _grosvenor_.
the idea of my grandchildren having returned toa state of barbarism is painful enough; i wish it were possible that icould discover the truth, for it is the uncertainty which so muchdistresses me.
i have but a few years to live, alexander; i am a veryold man, as you know, and may be summoned to-morrow or to-night, for weknow not what a day may bring forth.
if i were only certain that mychild had died, miserable as her death must have been, it would behappiness, to the idea that she was one of those whose descendants theyspeak of.
if you knew how for the last thirty years this has preyed uponmy mind, you would comprehend my anxiety on this account; but god's willbe done.
do not let me detain you longer, alexander; i should preferbeing alone."
alexander, at this intimation, took the proffered hand of hisgrand-uncle in a reverential and feeling manner, and, without saying anymore, quitted the room.
the conversation which he had had with his grand-uncle made a veryforcible impression upon alexander wilmot; it occasioned him to pass avery sleepless night, and he remained till nearly four o'clock turningit over in his mind.
the loss of the _grosvenor_ indiaman had occurredlong before he was born; he was acquainted with the outline of what hadtaken place, and had been told, when a child, that a relation of hisfamily had perished; but although the narrative had, at the time, madesome impression upon his young mind, he had seldom, if ever, heard itspoken of since, and may have been said to have almost forgotten it.
hewas therefore not a little surprised when he found how great aninfluence it had upon his grand-uncle, who had never mentioned it to himbefore; indeed it had escaped alexander's memory that it was hisgrand-uncle's only surviving daughter who had been lost in the vessel.
alexander wilmot was warmly attached to the old gentleman; indeed hewould have been very ungrateful if he had not been, for it wasimpossible that any one could have been treated with more kindness andliberality than he was by sir charles.
it was but the week before, thathe had expressed a wish to travel on the continent, and sir charles hadimmediately given his consent that he should remain abroad, if hepleased, for two years.
when he approved, however, of alexander's plans,he had made a remark as to his own age and infirmity, and the probablechance that they might not meet again in this world; and this remark ofhis grand-uncle left such an impression upon alexander, that he almostrepented having made the request, and had been ever since in a state ofindecision as to whether he should avail himself of his grand-uncle'skindness and disregard of self shown toward him in thus having grantedhis permission.
the conversation with sir charles had brought up a new idea in his mind;he had witnessed the anxiety and longing which his good old relation hadshown about the fate of his daughter; he had heard from his own lips howlong the ignorance of her fate had preyed upon his mind, and that to besatisfied on this point was the one thing wanting to enable the old manto die happy,--to permit him to say with sincerity, "lord, now lettestthou thy servant depart in peace."
why, then, should he not go todiscover the truth?
it would not, perhaps, occupy him so long as the twoyears of traveling on the continent, which had been consented to by hisgrand-uncle, and, instead of traveling for his own pleasure, he might bethe means of satisfying the mind and quieting the anxiety of one who hadbeen so kind to him.
indeed, he should actually prefer a journey intothe interior of africa to a mere sojourn of some time on the continent;the very peril and danger, the anticipation of distress and hardship,were pleasing to his high and courageous mind, and before he fell asleepalexander had made up his mind that he would propose the expedition, andif he could obtain his uncle's permission would proceed upon itforthwith.
having come to this resolution, he fell fast asleep anddreamed away, till eight o'clock in the morning, that he was huntingelephants and having hand-to-hand conflicts with every variety of beastwith which he had peopled africa in his fancy.
when he was called up inthe morning, he found his determination of the night before ratherstrengthened than otherwise, and accordingly, after breakfast was over,he opened the subject.
"my dear sir," said he to sir charles, "you were kind enough to give meyour permission to travel on the continent for two years."
"i did do so, alexander; it is natural at your age that you should wishto see the world, and you have my full permission.
when do you think ofstarting?"
"that depends upon circumstances, sir, and i must be altogether guidedby you; to tell you the truth, i do not think that one sees much of theworld by following in the beaten track made by so many of ourcountrymen."
"there i agree with you; in the present high state of civilization therewill be found little or no difference in the manners and customs ofpeople; in the courts, none; very little in the best society, in whichyou will of course mix; and not so very much as people may imagine amongthe mass of population; but the scenery of the countries and the remainsof ancient times are still interesting, and will afford pleasure; itmust be your own reflections and comments upon what you see which mustmake it profitable; most people, however, travel from the love of changeadded to the love of excitement."
"i grant it, sir, and i do not mean to say but that i should receivemuch pleasure from a continental tour; perhaps i may add that i shouldderive more profit if i were to delay it till i am a little older and alittle wiser; do you not think so?"
"i certainly do, alexander.
do you propose remaining inengland for the present?--if so, i am sure it is on my account, and i amvery grateful to you for your sacrifice."
"if you wish it, sir, i will undoubtedly remain in england; at allevents, if i do not go elsewhere.
i have abandoned my continental tourfor the present; but i have another proposal to make, which i hope willmeet with your approbation."
"why, my dear alexander, on what expedition would you now proceed?
doyou wish to visit the united states or south america?"
"no, sir; i wish to make a voyage of still more interest--i wish to goto africa,--that is, to embark for the cape of good hope, and fromthence proceed to the northward, to ascertain, if possible, what now isa source of sad disquiet to you, the actual fate of those who werewrecked in the _grosvenor_, and have not since been heard of with anydegree of certainty."
sir charles was for a time silent.
he pressed his hands to his forehead;at last he removed them, and said,--"i can not, much as i wish it,no,--i can not consent, my dear boy; the danger will be too great.
youmust not risk your life.
it is very kind of you--very kind; but no, itmust not be."
"indeed, sir, i think, on reflection, you will alter your mind.
as fordanger--what danger can there be when missionaries are permitted to formtheir stations, and reside uninjured among the very savages who were sohostile when the _grosvenor_ was lost?
the country, which was then adesert, is now inhabited by europeans, within 200 miles of the very spotwhere the _grosvenor_ was wrecked.
the continual emigration since thecape has fallen under british government, and the zeal of those who havebraved all dangers to make known the word of god to the heathen andidolater, have in forty years made such an alteration, that i see nomore danger in the mission which i propose than i do in a visit tonaples; and as for time, i have every reason to expect that i shall beback sooner than in the two years which you have proposed for my stay onthe continent."
"but if some accident were to happen to you, i should never forgivemyself for having given my consent, and the few days that are left to mewould be rendered miserable."
"my dear sir, we are in the hands of god; and (short-sighted as we are)in running away from danger, as often run into it.
what we call anaccident, the fall of a brick or a stone, the upsetting of a vehicle,any thing trivial or seemingly improbable, may summon us away when weleast expect it: 'in the midst of life we are in death,' and that deathi may meet by staying in this country, which i might have avoided bygoing on this expedition.
difficulties may arise, and some danger theremay be, i admit; but when prepared to encounter both, we are more safethan when, in fancied security, we are taken unawares.
do not, i entreatyou, sir, refuse me this favor; i have considered well, and shall bemost unhappy if i am not permitted to obtain the information for youwhich you have so much at heart.
let my travels be of some advantage toyou as well as to myself.
do not refuse, i entreat you."
"you are a good boy, alexander, and your kindness makes me still moreunwilling to part with you.
i hardly know what to say.
let us drop thesubject for the present; we will talk of it to-morrow or next day.
imust have time for reflection."
alexander wilmot did not fail to renew his entreaties on the followingday, but could not gain sir charles's consent.
he was not, however,discouraged.
he had taken from the library all the works he could findrelative to southern africa, and continually enforcing his arguments byquotations from various authors, all tending to prove that he mighttravel through the country without much risk, if he took properprecautions, his grand-uncle's objections grew daily more feeble, and atlast sir charles gave his unwilling consent.
in the meantime, the bookswhich alexander had read had produced a great effect upon him.
when hefirst proposed the mission, it was more from a feeling of gratitudetoward his old relative than any other, but now he was most anxious togo on his own account.
the narratives of combats with wild beasts, thequantity and variety of game to be found, and the continual excitementwhich would be kept up, inflamed his imagination and his love of fieldsports, and he earnestly requested to be permitted to departimmediately, pointing out to sir charles that the sooner he went away,the sooner he would be back again.
this last argument was not withoutits weight, and alexander was allowed to make every preparation for hisjourney.
inquiries were made, and a passage secured on board of afree-trader, which was to touch at the cape, and in six weeks from thetime that the subject had been brought up, alexander wilmot took leaveof his grand-uncle.
"may god bless you, sir, and keep you well till my return," saidalexander, pressing his hand.
"may the lord protect you, my dear boy, and allow you to return andclose my eyes," replied sir charles, with much emotion.
before night alexander wilmot was in london, from thence he hasteneddown to portsmouth to embark.
the next day, the _surprise_ weighedanchor and ran through the needles, and before the night closed in waswell down the channel, standing before the wind, with studding sailsbelow and aloft.
a melancholy feeling clouded the features of alexander wilmot as, on thefollowing morning, the vessel, under a heavy press of sail, was fastleaving the shores of his native country.
he remained on the poop of thevessel with his eyes fixed upon the land, which every moment became moreindistinct.
his thoughts may easily be imagined.
shall i ever see thatland again?
shall i ever return, or shall my bones remain in africa,perhaps not even buried, but bleaching in the desert?
and if i doreturn, shall i find my old relation still alive, or called away, loadedas he is with years, to the silent tomb?
we are in the hands of agracious god.
his will be done.
alexander turned away, as the land had at last become no longer visible,and found a young man of about his own age standing close to him, andapparently as much lost in reverie as he had been.
as in turning roundalexander brushed against him, he thought it right to apologize for theunintentional act, and this occasioned a conversation.
"i believe, sir," said the other party, who was a tall, spare,slight-built man, with a dark complexion, "that we were both indulgingin similar thoughts as we took leave of our native shores.
everyenglishman does the same, and indeed every true lover of his country,let the country be what it will.
we find the feeling as strong in thesavage as in the enlightened; it is universal.
indeed, we may fairly saythat it extends lower--down to the brute species, from their love oflocalities."
"very true, sir," replied alexander; "but with brutes, as you say, it ismerely the love of locality; with men, i trust, the feeling is moregenerous and noble."
"so it ought to be, or else why are we so much more nobly endowed?
thisis not your first voyage, i presume?"
continued the stranger.
"indeed, it is," said alexander; "i never was out of england, or onboard of a vessel, before yesterday."
"i should have imagined otherwise," remarked his companion: "the otherpassengers are all suffering from sea-sickness, while you and i only areon the deck.
i presumed, therefore, that you had been afloat before."
"i did feel very giddy yesterday evening," observed alexander, "but thismorning i have no unpleasant sensation whatever.
i believe that somepeople do not suffer at sea."
"a very few; but it appears that you are one of those most fortunate,for by experience i know how painful and distressing the sickness is forsome time.
breakfast will soon be ready; do you think that you can eatany?"
"yes, a little--not much; a cup of tea or coffee," replied alexander;"but i can not say that i have my usual appetite.
what bird is thatwhich skims along the water?"
"it is the _procellarius_, as we naturalists call it, but in english,the stormy petrel; its presence denotes rough weather coming on."
"then i wish it had not made its appearance," said alexander, laughing;"for with rough weather, there will of course be more motion in thevessel, and i feel the motion too much already."
"i think if you eat your breakfast (although without appetite), and keepon deck, you may get over any further indisposition," replied thestranger.
"have we many passengers on board?"
"no; nine or ten, which is considered a small number, at least by thecaptain, who was complaining of his ill-luck.
they are mostly femalesand children.
there is a cape gentleman who has long resided in thecolony, and is now returning there.
i have had some conversation withhim, and he appears a very intelligent person.
but here is the stewardcoming aft, to let us know that breakfast is ready."
the person who had thus conversed with alexander wilmot was a mr.swinton, who, as he had accidentally observed, was a naturalist; he wasa person of some independent property, whose ardor for science hadinduced him to engage in no profession, being perfectly satisfied withhis income, which was sufficient for his wants and to enable him tofollow up his favorite study.
he was now on his passage to the cape ofgood hope, with no other object than to examine the natural productionsof that country, and to prosecute his researches in science there, to agreater extent than had hitherto been practicable.
before they had arrived at madeira, at which island the ship remainedthree days to take in wine and fresh provisions, a great intimacy hadbeen established between alexander and mr. swinton, although as yetneither knew the cause of the other's voyage to the cape; they were bothtoo delicate to make the inquiry, and waited till the other should ofhis own accord impart his reasons.
we have mentioned that there were other passengers, one of whom was agentleman who resided in cape town, and who held a lucrative situationunder the government.
he was an elderly gentleman, of about sixty yearsof age, of a very benign and prepossessing appearance; and it sohappened that alexander found out, on looking over his letters ofintroduction when at anchor at madeira, that he possessed one to thisgentleman.
this of course he presented at once, although they werealready on intimate terms; and this introduction made mr. fairburn (forsuch was his name) take an immediate interest in his welfare, and alsowarranted his putting the question, as to what were alexander's viewsand intentions in visiting the cape: for mr. fairburn knew from theletter that he was heir to sir charles wilmot, and therefore that he wasnot likely to be going out as a speculator or emigrant.
it hardly need be said that alexander made no hesitation in confiding toone who could so materially assist him in the object of his voyage.
the other passengers were three young ladies bound to their friends inindia, and a lady returning with her two marriageable daughters torejoin her husband, who was a colonel in the bengal army.
they were allpleasant people, the young ladies very lively, and on the whole thecabin of the _surprise_ contained a very agreeable party; and soon afterthey left madeira, they had fine weather, smooth water, and every thingthat could make a voyage endurable.
the awnings were spread, chairs brought up, and the major portion of theday was spent upon the quarter-deck and poop of the vessel, which formany days had been running down before the trade-winds, intending tomake rio, and there lay in a supply of fresh provisions for theremainder of her voyage.
one morning, as alexander and mr. fairburn were sitting together,alexander observed--"you have passed many years at the cape, mr. fairburn, have you not?"
"yes; i was taken prisoner when returning from india, and remained ayear in cape town during the time that it was in the hands of the dutch;i was about to be sent home as a prisoner to holland, and was embarkedon board one of the vessels in saldanha bay, when they were attacked bythe english.
afterward, when the english captured the cape, from my longresidence in, and knowledge of, the country, i was offered a situation,which i accepted: the colony was restored to the dutch, and i came home.
on its second capture i was again appointed, and have been there almostever since."
"then you are well acquainted with the history of the colony?"
"i am, certainly, and if you wish it, shall be happy to give you a shortaccount of it."
"it will give me the greatest pleasure, for i must acknowledge that iknow but little, and _that_ i have gleaned from the travels which i haverun through very hastily."
"i think it was in the year 1652 that the dutch decided upon making asettlement at the cape.
the aborigines, or natives, who inhabited thatpart of the country about cape town, were the hottentots, a mild,inoffensive people, living wholly upon the produce of their cattle; theywere not agriculturists, but possessed large herds of cattle, sheep andgoats, which ranged the extensive pastures of the country.
the historyof the founding of one colony is, i fear, the history of most, if notall--commencing in doing all that is possible to obtain the goodwill ofthe people until a firm footing has been obtained in the land, and thentreating them with barbarity and injustice.
"the hottentots, won over by kindness and presents, thought it of littleconsequence that strangers should possess a small portion of theirextensive territory, and willingly consented that the settlement shouldbe made.
they, for the first time in their lives, tasted what proved thecause of their ruin and subsequent slavery--tobacco and strong liquors.
these two poisons, offered gratuitously, till the poor hottentots hadacquired a passion for them, then became an object of barter--a pipe oftobacco or a glass of brandy was the price of an ox; and thus daily werethe colonists becoming enriched, and the hottentots poor.
"the colony rapidly increased, until it was so strong, that the governormade no ceremony of seizing upon such land as the government wished toretain or to give away; and the hottentots soon discovered that not onlytheir cattle, but the means of feeding them, were taken from them.
eventually, they were stripped of every thing except their passion fortobacco and spirits, which they could not get rid of.
unwilling to leavethe land of their forefathers, and seeing no other way of procuring themeans of intoxication which they coveted, they sold themselves and theirservices to the white colonists, content to take care of those herdswhich had once been their own, and to lead them out to pasture on thevery lands which had once been their birthright."
"did they then become slaves?"
"no; although much worse treated, they never were slaves, and i wish topoint that out; but they became a sort of feudal property of the dutch,compelled to hire themselves out, and to work for them upon nominalwages, which they seldom or never received, and liable to every speciesof harsh treatment and cruelty, for which they could obtain no redress.
yet still they were not bought and sold as were the slaves which weresubsequently introduced into the colony from the east coast of africaand madagascar.
the position of the slave was, in my opinion, infinitelysuperior, merely from the self-interest of the owner, who would not killor risk the life of a creature for whom he had paid two or three hundredrix-dollars; whereas, the dutch boors, or planters, thought little ofthe life of a hottentot.
if the cattle were to be watched where lionswere plentiful, it was not a slave who had charge of them, but ahottentot, as he had cost nothing, and the planter could procureanother.
in short, the life of a hottentot was considered as of novalue, and there is no denying that they were shot by their masters oremployers upon the most trifling offense."
but did the dutch government suffer this?"
"they could not well help it, and therefore were compelled to wink atit; the criminals were beyond its reach.
but now i will proceed to giveyou some further insight, by describing the dutch boors, or planters,who usurped and stood in the shoes of the poor hottentots.
"the dutch government seized upon all the land belonging to thehottentots, and gave it away in grants to their own countrymen, who nowbecame herdsmen, and possessed of a large quantity of cattle; they alsocultivated the ground to a certain extent round about theirhabitations.
as the colony increased, so did the demand for land, untilthe whole of the country that was worth having was disposed of as far asto the country of the caffres, a fine, warlike race, of whom we willspeak hereafter.
it must not, however, be supposed that the whole of thehottentot tribes became serfs to the soil.
some few drove away theircattle to the northward, out of reach of the dutch, to the borders ofthe caffre land; others, deprived of their property, left the plains,and took to the mountains, living by the chase and by plunder.
thisportion were termed boshmen, or bushmen, and have still retained thatappellation: living in extreme destitution, sleeping in caves,constantly in a state of starvation, they soon dwindled down to a verydiminutive race, and have continued so ever since.
"the dutch boors, or planters, who lived in the interior, and far awayfrom cape town, had many enemies to contend with: they had the variousbeasts of the forest, from the lion to the jackal, which devastatedtheir flocks and herds, and also these bushmen, who lived upon plunder.
continually in danger, they were never without their muskets in theirhands, and they and their descendants became an athletic, powerful, andbulky race, courageous, and skilled in the use of fire-arms, but at thesame time cruel and avaricious to the highest degree.
the absolute powerthey possessed over the slaves and hottentots demoralized them, and madethem tyrannical and blood-thirsty.
at too great a distance from the seatof government for its power to reach them, they defied it and knew nolaw but their own imperious wills, acknowledging no authority,--guiltyof every crime openly, and careless of detection."
"i certainly have read of great cruelty on the part of these dutchboors, but i had no idea of the extent to which it was carried."
"the origin was in that greatest of all curses, slavery; nothingdemoralizes so much.
these boors had been brought up with the idea thata hottentot, a bushman, or a caffre were but as the mere brutes of thefield, and they have treated them as such.
they would be startled atthe idea of murdering a white man, but they will execute wholesaleslaughter among these poor natives, and think they have committed nocrime.
but the ladies are coming up, and we shall be interrupted, so iwill not task your patience any more to-day.
i shall therefore concludewhat i may term part the first of my little history of the cape colony."
alexander wilmot was too much pleased with mr. swinton not to cultivatehis acquaintance, and they soon became very intimate.
the conversationoften turned upon mr. swinton's favorite study, that of natural history.
"i confess myself wholly ignorant of the subject," observed alexanderone day, "though i feel that it must be interesting to those who studyit; indeed, when i have walked through the museums, i have often wishedthat i had some one near who could explain to me what i wished to knowand was puzzled about.
but it appears to me that the study of naturalhistory is such an immense undertaking if you comprehend all itsbranches.
let me see,--there is botany, mineralogy, and geology--theseare included, are they not?"
"most certainly," replied mr. swinton, laughing; "and perhaps the threemost interesting branches.
then you have zoology, or the study ofanimals, ornithology for birds, entomology for insects, conchology forshells, ichthyology for fishes; all very hard names, and enough tofrighten a young beginner.
but i can assure you, a knowledge of thesesubjects, to an extent sufficient to create interest and affordcontinual amusement, is very easily acquired."
"'the proper study of mankind is man,' says the poet,"--observedalexander, smiling.
"poets deal in fiction, mr. wilmot," replied mr. swinton; "to study manis only to study his inconsistencies and his aberrations from the rightpath, which the free-will permitted to him induces him to follow; butin the study of nature, you witness the directing power of the almighty,who guides with an unerring hand, and who has so wonderfully apportionedout to all animals the means of their providing for themselves.
not onlythe external, but the inward structure of animals, shows such varietyand ingenuity to surmount all difficulties, and to afford them all theenjoyment their nature is capable of, that after every examination yourise with increased astonishment and admiration at the condescension andgoodness of the master hand, thus to calculate and provide for thenecessities of the smallest insect; and you are compelled to exclaimwith the psalmist, 'o god, how manifold are thy works; in wisdom hastthou made them all!'"
"you certainly do put the study in a new and most pleasurable light,"replied alexander.
"the more you search into nature, the more wonderful do you find hersecrets, and, by the aid of chemistry, we are continually making newdiscoveries.
observe, mr. wilmot," said swinton, picking up a strawwhich had been blown by the wind on the quarter-deck, "do you considerthat there is any analogy between this straw and the flint in the lockof that gun?"
"certainly, i should imagine them as opposite particles of nature aswell might be."
"such is not the case.
this piece of wheat-straw contains more thansixty per cent.
of silica or flint in its composition; so that, althougha vegetable, it is nearly two-thirds composed of the hardest mineralsubstance we know of.
you would scarcely believe that the fibers of theroot of this plant were capable of dissolving, feeding upon, anddigesting such a hard substance; but so it is."
"it is very wonderful."
"it is, but it is not a solitary instance; the phosphate of lime, whichis the chief component part of the bones of animals, is equally soughtby plants, dissolved in the same manner, and taken into their bodies;barley and oats have about thirty per cent.
of it in their composition,and most woods and plants have more or less."
"i am less surprised at that than i am with the flint, which appearsalmost incomprehensible."
"nothing is impossible with god; there is a rush in holland whichcontains much more silex than the wheat-straw, and it is employed by thedutch to polish wood and brass, on that very account.
we know but littleyet, but we do know that mineral substances are found in the compositionof most living animals, if not all; indeed, the coloring-matter of theblood is an oxide and phosphate of iron."
"i can now understand why you are so enthusiastic in the science, mr.swinton, and i regret much that the short time which will be occupied inthe remainder of our voyage will not enable me to profit as i shouldwish by your conversation; for when we arrive at the cape, i fear ourpursuits will lead us different ways."
"i presume they will, for i am about to penetrate as far as possibleinto the interior of the country," replied mr. swinton, "which of courseis not your intention."
"indeed, but it is," replied alexander; "i am about to do the same,although perhaps not in the same direction.
may i ask your intendedroute, if not too inquisitive?"
"not at all; i can hardly say myself.
i shall be guided by theprotection i may fall in with.
africa is a wide field for science, and ican hardly go any where without being well rewarded for my journey; andi will say, that should it meet both our views, i should be very glad ifwe were to travel in company."
mr. fairburn, who had come on deck, had been standing close to them atthe latter portion of the conversation, and made the observation--"i think it would be a very good plan if mr. swinton would venture to gowhere you are bound, mr. wilmot, but you can talk of that another day,when you have been longer together.
there is nothing that requires moredeliberation than the choice of a traveling companion; any seriousimperfection of temper may make a journey very miserable.
now, wilmot,if you are tired of natural history, and wish to change it for thepainful history of human nature, i am ready to continue myobservations."
"with great pleasure, sir."
"i hope you have no objection to my reaping the benefit also?"
"oh, most certainly not," replied mr. fairburn, "although i fear youwill not gain much information, as you have been at the cape before.
ina former conversation with mr. wilmot i have pointed out the manner inwhich the cape was first settled, and how the settlers had graduallyreduced the original possessors of the land to a state of serfdom; iwill now continue.
"the dutch boors, as they increased their wealth in cattle, requiredmore pasture, and were now occupying the whole of the land south of thecaffre country: the caffres are wild, courageous savages, whose wealthconsists chiefly in cattle, but in some points they may be consideredsuperior to the hottentots.
"the weapon of the hottentot may be said to be the bow and arrow, butthe caffre scorns this warfare, or indeed any treachery; his weapons arehis assaguay, or spear, and his shield; he fights openly and bravely.
the caffres also cultivate their land to a certain extent, and are morecleanly and civilized.
the boors on the caffre frontier were oftenplundered by the bushmen, and perhaps occasionally by some few of thecaffres who were in a lawless state on the frontier; but if anycomplaint was made to the caffre chiefs, every redress in their powerwas given: this, however, did not suit the dutch boors.
"they had entered the caffre country, and had perceived that the caffrespossessed large herds of cattle, and their avarice pointed out to themhow much easier it would be to grow rich by taking the cattle of thecaffres than by rearing them themselves.
if the bushmen stole a few headof cattle, complaints were immediately forwarded to cape town, andpermission asked to raise a force, and recover them from the caffres.
"the force raised was termed a _commando_, and was composed of all thedutch boors and their servants, well armed and mounted; these would makean incursion into the caffre territory, and because a few head of cattlehad been stolen by parties unknown, they would pour down upon thecaffres, who had but their assaguays to oppose to destructive fire-arms,set the kraals or villages in flames, murder indiscriminately man,woman, and child, and carry off, by way of indemnification for sometrifling loss, perhaps some twenty thousand head of cattle belonging tothe caffres.
"the caffres, naturally indignant at such outrage and robbery, madeattacks upon the boors to recover the cattle, but with this differencebetween the christian boor and the untutored savage: the boors murderedwomen and children wantonly, the caffres never harmed them, and did noteven kill men, if they could obtain possession of their property withoutbloodshed."
"but how could the dutch government permit such atrocities?"
"the representations made to the government were believed, and the orderwas given in consequence.
it is true that afterward the governmentattempted to put a stop to these horrors, but the boors were beyondtheir control; and in one instance in which the home government hadinsisted that punishment should be inflicted for some more than commonoutrage on the part of the boors, the cape governor returned for answer,that he could not venture to do as they wished, as the system was soextensive and so common, that all the principal people in the colonywere implicated, and would have to be punished.
"such was therefore the condition of the colony at the time that it fellinto the possession of the english--the hottentots serfs to the land,and treated as the beasts of the field; the slave-trader supplyingslaves; and continual war carried on between the boors and the caffres."
"i trust that our government soon put an end to such barbarousiniquities."
"that was not so easy; the frontier boors rose in arms against theenglish government, and the hottentots, who had been so long patient,now fled and joined the caffres.
these people made a combined attackupon the frontier boors, burned their houses to the ground, carried offthe cattle, and possessed themselves of their arms and ammunition.
theboors rallied in great force; another combat took place, in which thehottentots and caffres were victorious, killing the leader of the boors,and pursuing them with great slaughter, till they were stopped by theadvance of the english troops.
but i can not dwell long upon this periodof the cape history; these wars continued until the natives, throwingthemselves upon the protection of the english, were induced to lay downtheir arms, and the hottentots to return to their former masters.
thecolony was then given up to the dutch, and remained with them until theyear 1806, when it was finally annexed to the british empire.
the dutchhad not learned wisdom from what had occurred; they treated thehottentots worse than before, maiming them and even murdering them intheir resentment, and appeared to defy the british government; but achange was soon to take place."
"not before it was necessary, at all events," said alexander.
"it was by the missionaries chiefly that this change was brought about;they had penetrated into the interior, and saw with their own eyes thesystem of cruelty and rapine that was carried on; they wrote homeaccounts, which were credited, and which produced a great alteration.
tothe astonishment and indignation of the boors, law was introduced whereit had always been set at defiance; they were told that the life of ahottentot was as important in the eye of god, and in the eye of the law,as that of a dutch boor, and that the government would hold it as such.
thus was the first blow struck; but another and a heavier was soon tofall upon those who had so long sported with the lives of theirfellow-creatures.
the press was called to the aid of the hottentot, anda work published by a missionary roused the attention of the public athome to their situation.
their cause was pleaded in the house ofcommons, and the hottentot was emancipated forever."
exclaimed alexander; "my blood has been boiling at thedescription which you have been giving.
now, when i hear that the poorhottentot is a free man, it will cool down again."
"perhaps it will be as well to leave off just now, mr. wilmot," said mr.fairburn; "we will renew our conversation to-morrow, if wind andweather permit, as the seamen say."
the next day the ship was off rio, and immediately sent her boats forprovisions and supplies; the passengers did not land, as the captainstated that he would not stay an hour longer than was necessary, and onthe second evening after their arrival they again made sail for thecape.
the gulls were flying in numbers astern of the ship, darting down andseizing every thing edible which was thrown overboard, and theconversation turned upon aquatic birds.
"what difference is there in the feathers of aquatic birds and others?"
inquired alexander; "a hen, or any land bird, if it falls into thewater, is drowned as soon as its feathers are saturated with the water."
"there is, i believe, no difference in the feathers of the birds,"replied mr. swinton; "but all aquatic birds are provided with a smallreservoir, containing oil, with which they anoint their feathers, whichrenders them water-proof.
if you will watch a duck pluming and dressingitself, you will find it continually turns its bill round to the end ofits back, just above the insertion of the tail; it is to procure thisoil, which, as it dresses its feathers that they may carefully overlapeach other, it smears upon them so as to render them impenetrable to thewater; but this requires frequent renewal, or the duck would be drownedas well as the hen."
"how long can a sea-bird remain at sea?"
"i should think not very long, although it has been supposed otherwise;but we do not know so much of the habits of these birds as of others."
"can they remain long under water?"
"the greater portion of them can not; ducks and that class, forinstance.
divers can remain some time; but the birds that remain thelongest under water are the semi-aquatic, whose feet are onlyhalf-webbed.
i have watched the common english water-hen for manyminutes walking along at the bottom of a stream, apparently as much inits element as if on shore, pecking and feeding as it walked."
"you say that aquatic birds can not remain long at sea,--where do theygo to?"
"they resort to the uninhabited islands over the globe, rocks thatalways remain above water, and the unfrequented shores of africa andelsewhere; there they congregate to breed and bring up their young.
ihave seen twenty or thirty acres of land completely covered with thesebirds or their nests, wedged together as close as they could sit.
everyyear they resort to the same spot, which has probably been theirdomicile for centuries,--i might say since the creation.
they make nonests, but merely scrape so as to form a shallow hole to deposit theireggs.
the consequence of their always resorting to the same spot isthat, from the voidings of the birds and the remains of fish brought tofeed the young, a deposit is made over the whole surface, a fraction ofan inch every year, which by degrees increases until it is sometimestwenty or thirty feet deep, if not more, and the lower portion becomesalmost as hard as rock.
the deposit is termed guano, and has, from timeimmemorial, been used by the peruvians and chilians as manure for theland; it is very powerful, as it contains most of the essential salts,such as ammonia, phosphates, etc., which are required for agriculture.
within these last few years samples have been brought to england, and asthe quantities must be inexhaustible, when they are sought for andfound, no doubt it may one day become a valuable article of our carryingtrade.
here comes mr. fairburn; i hope he intends to continue hisnotices of the cape settlement."
"they have interested me very much, i must confess; he appears wellacquainted with the colony."
"he has had the advantage of a long residence, and during that time aninsight into all the public documents: this you may be certain of, thathe knows more than he will tell."
as soon as mr. fairburn joined them, alexander requested him tocontinue his narrative, which he did as follows.
"you must not suppose, mr. wilmot, that because the english had nowpossession of the colony, every thing went right; governors who areappointed to the control of a colony require to be there some timebefore they can see with their own eyes; they must, from their want ofinformation, fall into the hands of some interested party or another,who will sway their councils.
thus it was at the cape.
"it is true that much good had already been done by the abolition ofslavery and the emancipation of the hottentot; but this was effected,not by the colonial government, but by the representations of themissionaries and an influential and benevolent party at home.
theprejudices against the hottentots, and particularly the caffres, stillexisted, and were imbibed by the colonial authorities.
commandoes, or,as they should be more properly termed, marauding parties, were stillsent out, and the caffre was continually oppressed, and, in defiance ofthe government orders, little justice could be obtained for thehottentot, although his situation was somewhat improved.
"i will give one instance to show how the rights of the hottentots wererespected by the cape authorities in 1810,--previous to theemancipation, it is true, but still at a time when the position of thehottentots and their sufferings had been strenuously pressed upon thecolonial authorities by the government at home.
"when the conduct of the dutch boors had roused the caffres andhottentots to war, there were three brothers by the name of stuurman,hottentots, who were the leaders.
peace was at length restored, whichwas chiefly effected by the exertions of these men, who retiredpeaceably with their own kraal to algoa bay; and the government, beingthen dutch, appointed stuurman as captain of the kraal.
this independenthorde of hottentots gave great offense to the dutch boors,--the more soas the three brothers had been the leaders of the hottentots in theformer insurrection.
for seven years they could find no complaint tomake against them, until at last two of his hottentots, who had engagedto serve a boor for a certain time, went back to the kraal at theexpiration of the term, against the wish of the boor, who would havedetained them; the boor went and demanded them back, but stuurmanrefused to give them up; upon which, although justice was clearly on theside of the hottentots, an armed force was dispatched to the kraal.
stuurman still refused to surrender the men, and the armed men retired,for they knew the courage of the hottentots, and were afraid to attackthem.
"by treachery they gained possession of stuurman and one of his brothers(the other having been killed hunting the buffalo), and sent them tocape town, from whence, against all justice, they were sent as prisonersto robin island, where malefactors are confined.
they made their escape,and returned to caffreland.
three years afterward, stuurman, anxious tosee his family, returned to the colony without permission.
he wasdiscovered and apprehended, and sent as a convict to new south wales;for the government was at that time english.
"such was the fate of the first hottentot who stood up for the rights ofhis countrymen, and such was the conduct of the english colonialgovernment; so you will observe, mr. wilmot, that although the stridesof cruelty and oppression are most rapid, the return to even-handedjustice is equally slow.
eventually the gross injustice to this man wasacknowledged, for an order from the home government was procured for hisliberation and return; but it was too late,--stuurman had died aconvict.
"i have mentioned this circumstance, as it will prepare you for asimilar act of injustice to the caffres.
when the colony was inpossession of the dutch there was a space of about thirty thousandsquare miles between the colonial boundary (that is, the land formerlypossessed by the hottentots) and the great fish river.
this extent ofthirty thousand square miles belonged to the caffres, and was the siteof continual skirmishing and marauding between the dutch boors and thecaffres.
"in 1811 it was resolved by the colonial government that the caffresshould be driven from this territory, and confined to the other side ofthe great fish river.
this was an act of injustice and great hardship,and was proceeded in with extreme cruelty, the caffres being obliged toleave all their crops, and turned out with great and unnecessaryslaughter.
"it may be proper, however, to state the causes which led to this caffrewar with the english.
at this time the colonial governor had enteredinto negotiations with a caffre chief of the name of gaika.
he was achief of a portion of the caffres, but not the principal chief, andalthough the english treated with him as such, the caffres would notacknowledge his authority.
this is a very frequent error committed inour intercourse with savage nations, who are as pertinacious of theirrights as the monarchs of europe.
the error on our part was soondiscovered, but the government was too proud to acknowledge it.
"it so happened that the other caffre chiefs formed a powerfulconfederacy against gaika, who, trusting to the support of the english,had treated them with great arrogance.
they fought and conquered him,carrying off, as usual, his cattle.
as this was a war between thecaffres, and confined to their own land, we certainly had no business tointerfere; but the colonial government thought otherwise, and anexpedition was prepared.
"the caffres sent forward messengers declaring their wish to remain atpeace with the english, but refusing to submit to gaika, who was only asecondary chief, and whom they had conquered.
no regard was paid to thisremonstrance; the english troops were sent forward, the caffres attackedin their hamlets, slaughtered or driven into the woods, 23,000 head ofcattle taken from them, of which 9,000 were given to gaika, and the restdistributed to the dutch boors, or sold to defray part of the expensesof the expedition.
"deprived of their means of subsistence by the capture of their cattle,the caffres were rendered furious reckless, and no sooner had theexpedition returned, than they commenced hostilities.
they poured intothe frontier districts, captured several detached military forts, drovethe dutch boors from the zurweld, or neutral territory, and killed agreat many of our soldiers and of the dutch boors.
all the country wasoverrun as far as the vicinity of algoa bay, and nothing could at firstcheck their progress."
"why, it really does not appear that the colonial government, when inour hands, was more considerate than when it was held by the dutch,"replied alexander.
"not much, i fear," said mr. fairburn.
"the councils of the caffre chiefs were at that time much influenced bya most remarkable personage of the name of mokanna.
in the colony he wasusually known by the sobriquet of 'links,' or the left-handed.
he wasnot a chief, but had by his superior intellect obtained great power.
hegave himself out to be a prophet, and certainly showed quite as muchskill as ever did mahommed or any other false prophet.
he had oftenvisited cape town, and had made himself master of all that he couldacquire of european knowledge.
"this man, by his influence, his superior eloquence, and his pretendedrevelations from heaven, was now looked up to by the whole caffrenation; and he promised the chiefs, if they would implicitly obey hisorders, he would lead them to victory, and that he would drive theenglish into the ocean.
he resolved upon the bold measure of making anattack upon graham's town, and marched an army of between nine and tenthousand men to the forest bordering on the great fish river.
"according to the custom of the caffres, who never use surprise orambush on great occasions, they sent a message to the commandant ofgraham's town, stating that they would breakfast with him the nextmorning.
the commandant, who had supposed the message to be a merebravado, was very ill prepared when on the following morning heperceived, to his great astonishment, the whole force of the caffres onthe heights above the town.
"had the caffres advanced in the night, there is no doubt but that theywould have had possession of the place, and that with the greatest ease.
there were about 350 regular troops and a small force of hottentots ingraham's town, and fortunately a few field-pieces.
the caffres rushed tothe assault, and for some time were not to be checked; they went up tothe very muzzles of the field-pieces, and broke their spears off short,to decide the battle by a hand-to-hand conflict.
"at this critical moment, the field-pieces opened their fire of grapeand canister, and the front ranks of the caffres were mowed down likegrass.
after several rallyings under mokanna, the caffres gave way andfled.
about 1400 of the bravest remained on the field of battle, and asmany more perished from their wounds before they could regain theircountry.
mokanna, after using every exertion, accompanied the caffrearmy in their flight."
"it certainly was a bold attempt on the part of the caffres, and showedmokanna to be a great man even in the failure."
"it was so unprecedented an attempt, that the colonial government weredreadfully alarmed, and turned out their whole force of militia as wellas of regular troops.
the caffre country was again overrun, theinhabitants destroyed, without distinction of age or sex, their hamletsfired, cattle driven away, and when they fled to the thickets, they werebombarded with shells and congreve rockets.
mokanna and the principalchiefs were denounced as outlaws, and the inhabitants threatened withutter extermination if they did not deliver them up dead or alive.
although driven to despair, and perishing from want, not a single caffrewas to be found who would earn the high reward offered for the surrenderof the chiefs."
"the more i hear of them, the more i admire the caffres," observedalexander wilmot; "and i may add--but never mind, pray go on."
"i think i could supply the words which you have checked, mr. wilmot,but i will proceed, or dinner will be announced before i have finishedthis portion of my history."
"the course adopted by mokanna under these circumstances was such aswill raise him much higher in your estimation.
as he found that hiscountrymen were to be massacred until he and the other chiefs weredelivered up, dead or alive, he resolved to surrender himself as ahostage for his country.
he sent a message to say that he would do so,and the next day, with a calm magnanimity that would have done honor toa roman patriot, he came, unattended, to the english camp.
his wordswere 'people say that i have occasioned this war: let me see if mydelivering myself up will restore peace to my country.'
the commandingofficer, to whom he surrendered himself, immediately forwarded him as aprisoner to the colony."
"what became of him?"
"of that hereafter; but i wish here to give you the substance of aspeech made by one of mokanna's head men, who came after mokanna'ssurrender into the english camp.
i am told that the imperfect notestaken of it afford but a very faint idea of its eloquence; at allevents, the speech gives a very correct view of the treatment which thecaffres received from our hands.
"'this war,' said he, 'british chiefs, is an unjust one, for you aretrying to extirpate a people whom you have forced to take up arms.
whenour fathers and the fathers of the boors first settled on the zurweld,they dwelt together in peace.
their flocks grazed the same hills, theirherdsmen smoked out of the same pipe; they were brothers until the herdsof the amakosa (caffres) increased so much as to make the hearts of thedutch boors sore.
what those covetous men could not get from our fathersfor old buttons, they took by force.
our fathers were men; they lovedtheir cattle; their wives and children lived upon milk; they fought fortheir property; they began to hate the colonists, who coveted their all,and aimed at their destruction.
"'now their kraals and our fathers' kraals were separate.
the boors madecommandoes for our fathers; our fathers drove them out of the zurweld,and we dwelt there because we had conquered it; there we married wives;there our children were born; the white men hated us, but could notdrive us away; when there was war, we plundered you; when there waspeace, some of our bad people stole; but our chiefs forbade it.
"'we lived in peace; some bad people stole, perhaps; but the nation wasquiet; gaika stole; his chiefs stole; you sent him copper; you sent himbeads; you sent him horses, on which he rode to steal more; to _us_ youonly sent _commandoes_.
we quarreled with gaika about grass;--nobusiness of yours; you send a commando; you take our last cow; you leaveonly a few calves, which die for want, and so do our children; you givehalf the spoil to gaika; half you kept yourselves.
"'without milk; our corn destroyed; we saw our wives and childrenperish; we followed, therefore, the tracks of our cattle into thecolony; we plundered, and we fought for our lives; we found you weak,and we destroyed your soldiers; we saw that we were strong, and weattacked your headquarters, and if we had succeeded, our right was good,for you began the war; we failed, and you are here.
"we wish for peace; we wish to rest in our huts; we wish to get milk forour children; our wives wish to till the land; but your troops cover theplains, and swarm in the thickets, where they can not distinguish themen from the women, and shoot _all_.
you wish us to submit to gaika;that man's face is fair to you, but his heart is false; leave him tohimself; make peace with us: let him fight for himself; and we shall notcall upon you for help; set mokanna at liberty, and all our chiefs willmake peace with you at any time you fix; but if you still make war, youmay indeed kill the last man of us, but gaika shall not rule over thefollowers of those who think him a woman.'
"if eloquence consists (as it does not in the english house of commons)in saying much in few words, i know no speech more comprehensive of thefacts and arguments of a case than the above.
i am sorry to say it hadno effect in altering the destination of mokanna, or of obtaining anyrelief for his countrymen, who were still called upon to deliver up theother chiefs _outlawed_ by the government."
"i before remarked the absurdity of that expression," said mr. swinton;"we outlaw a member of our own society and belonging to our own country;but to _outlaw_ the chiefs of another country is something too absurd; ifear the english language is not much studied at the cape."
"at all events, every attempt made to obtain possession of these_outlawed_ chiefs was unavailing.
after plundering the country of allthat could be found in it, leaving devastation and misery behind, theexpedition returned without obtaining their object, but with thesatisfaction of knowing that by taking away 30,000 more cattle, theyleft thousands of women and children to die of starvation.
but i mustleave off now.
the results of the war, and the fate of mokanna, shall bethe subject of another meeting."
"we are much obliged to you, mr. fairburn, for the interesting narrativeyou have given us.
it is, however, to be hoped that you will have nomore such painful errors and injustice to dwell upon."
"as i before observed, mr. wilmot, it requires time for prejudice andfalsehood to be overthrown; and until they are mastered, it can not beexpected that justice can be administered.
the colonial government hadto contend with the whole white population of the colony who rose up inarms against them, considering, from long habit, that any interferencewith their assumed despotism over the natives was an infringement oftheir rights.
"you must also recollect how weak was the power of the colonialgovernment for a long time, and how impossible it was to exert thatpower over such an extensive country; and to give you some idea of this,i will state what was the reply of some of the dutch boors to thetraveler la vaillant, when the latter expressed his opinion that thegovernment should interfere with an armed force to put an end to theircruelty and oppression.
"'are you aware,' said they, 'what would be the result of such anattempt?--assembling all in an instant, we would massacre half of thesoldiers, salt their flesh, and send it back by those we might spare,with threats to do the same thing to those who should be bold enough toappear among us afterward.'
it is not an easy task for any government todeal with such a set of people, mr.
"i grant it," replied alexander; "and the conviction makes me moreanxious to know what has been since done."
the following morning the wind was very slight, and before noon it fellcalm.
two sharks of a large size came under the stern of the vessel, andthe sailors were soon very busy trying to hook one of them; but theyrefused the bait, which was a piece of salt pork, and after an hour theyquitted the vessel and disappeared, much to the disappointment of bothpassengers and ship's company, the former wishing very much to see thesharks caught, and the latter very anxious to cut them up and fry themfor their suppers.
"i thought that sharks always took the bait," observed alexander.
"not always, as you have now seen," replied mr. swinton; "all dependsupon whether they are hungry or not.
in some harbors where there areplenty of fish, i have seen sharks in hundreds, which not only refusedany bait, but would not attempt to seize a man if he was in the water;but i am surprised at these atlantic sharks refusing the bait, i mustconfess, for they are generally very ravenous, as are, indeed, all thesharks which are found in the ocean."
"i can tell you, sir, why they refused the bait," said the boatswain ofthe vessel, who was standing by; "it's because we are now on the trackof the brazilian slavers, and they have been well fed lately, dependupon it."
"i should not be surprised if you were correct in your idea," repliedmr. swinton.
"there are many varieties of sharks, are there not?"
"yes, a great many; the fiercest, however, and the largest kind is theone which has just left us, and is termed the white shark; it ranges thewhole atlantic ocean, but is seldom found far to the northward, as itprefers the tropics: it is, however, to be seen in the mediterranean, inthe gulf of lyons, and is there remarkably fierce.
in the englishchannel you find the blue shark, which is seldom dangerous; there isalso a very large-sized but harmless shark found in the north seas,which the whalers frequent.
then there is the spotted or tiger-shark,which is very savage, although it does not grow to a large size; thehammer-headed shark, so called from the peculiar formation of its head;and the ground shark, perhaps the most dangerous of all, as it lies atthe bottom and rises under you without giving you notice of itsapproach.
i believe i have now mentioned the principal varieties."
"if a man was to fall overboard and a shark was nigh, what would be thebest plan to act upon--that is, if there would be any chance of escapefrom such a brute?"
"the best plan, and i have seen it acted upon with success, is, if youcan swim well, to throw yourself on your back and splash as much as youcan with your feet, and halloo as loud as you can.
a shark is a cowardlyanimal, and noise will drive it away.
"when i went out two or three years ago, i had a newfoundland dog, whichwas accustomed to leap into the water from almost any height.
i was verypartial to him, and you may imagine my annoyance when, one day, as wewere becalmed along the western islands, and a large shark came upalongside, the dog, at once perceiving it, plunged off the taffrail toseize it, swimming toward the shark, and barking as loud as he could.
ifully expected that the monster would have dispatched him in a moment;but to my surprise the shark was frightened and swam away, followed bythe dog, until the boat that was lowered down picked him up."
"i don't think the shark could have been very hungry."
"probably not; at all events i should not have liked to have been inneptune's place.
i think the most peculiar plan of escaping from sharksis that pursued by the cingalese divers, and often with success."
"tell me, if you please."
"the divers who go down for the pearl oysters off ceylon generally dropfrom a boat, and descend in ten or twelve fathoms of water before theycome to the bed of pearl oysters, which is upon a bank of mud: it oftenhappens that when they are down, the sharks make for them, and i hardlyneed say that these poor fellows are constantly on the watch, looking inevery direction while they are filling their baskets.
if they perceive ashark making for them, their only chance is to stir up the mud on thebank as fast as they can, which prevents the animal from distinguishingthem, and under the cover of the clouded water they regain the surface;nevertheless, it does not always answer, and many are taken off everyyear."
"a lady, proud of her pearl necklace, little thinks how many poorfellows may have been torn to pieces to obtain for her such anornament."
"very true; and when we consider how many pearl-fisheries may have takenplace, and how many divers may have been destroyed, before a string offine pearls can be obtained, we might almost say that every pearl on thenecklace has cost the life of a human creature."
"how are the pearls disposed of, and who are the proprietors?"
"the government are the proprietors of the fishery, i believe; butwhether they farm it out yearly, or not, i can not tell; but this iknow, that as the pearl oysters are taken, they are landed unopened andpacked upon the beach in squares of a certain dimension.
when thefishing is over for the season, these square lots of pearl oysters areput up to auction, and sold to the highest bidder, of course 'contentsunknown;' so that it becomes a species of lottery; the purchaser may notfind a single pearl in his lot, or he may find two or three, which willrealize twenty times the price which he has paid for his lot."
"it is, then, a lottery from beginning to end; the poor divers' lotteryis shark or no shark; the purchasers', pearls or no pearls.
but mr.fairburn is coming up the ladder, and i am anxious to know what was thefate of mokanna."
mr. fairburn, who had come on deck on purpose to continue the narrative,took his seat by his two fellow passengers and went on as follows:--"i stated that mokanna had been forwarded to the cape.
you must haveperceived that his only crime was that of fighting for his native landagainst civilized invaders; but this was a deep crime in the eyes of thecolonial government; he was immediately thrown into the common gaol, andfinally was condemned to be imprisoned for life on robben island, aplace appropriated for the detention of convicted felons and othermalefactors, who there work in irons at the slate-quarries."
"may i ask, where is robben island?"
"it is an island a few miles from the mainland, close to table bay, uponwhich the cape town is built.
"mokanna remained there about a year, when, having made his intentionsknown to some caffres who were confined there with him, he contrived outof the iron hoops of the casks to make some weapons like cutlasses, withwhich he armed his followers, rose upon the guard and overpowered them;he then seized the boat, and with his caffres made for the mainland.
unfortunately, in attempting to disembark upon the rocks of themainland, the boat was upset in the surf, which was very violent;mokanna clung some time to a rock, but at last was washed off, and thusperished the unfortunate leader of the caffres."
"poor fellow," said alexander; "he deserved a better fate and a moregenerous enemy; but did the war continue?"
"no; it ended in a manner every way worthy of that in which it wasbegun.
you recollect that the war was commenced to support gaika, ourselected chief of the caffres, against the real chiefs.
the caffres hadbefore been compelled to give up their territories on our side of thefish river; the colonial government now insisted upon their retiringstill further, that is, beyond the keisi and chumi rivers, by which3,000 more square miles were added to the colonial territory.
this wasexacted, in order that there might be a neutral ground to separate thecaffres and the dutch boors, and put an end to further robberies oneither side.
the strangest part of the story is, that this territory wasnot taken away from the caffre chiefs, against whom we had made war, butfrom gaika, our ally, to support whom we had entered into the war."
"well, it was even-handed--not justice, but injustice, at all events."
"exactly so; and so thought gaika, for when speaking of the protectionhe received from the colonial government, he said, 'but when i look uponthe large extent of fine country which has been taken from me, i amcompelled to say, that, although protected, i am _rather oppressed_ bymy _protectors_.'"
"unjust as was the mode of obtaining the neutral ground, i must say thatit appears to me to have been a good policy to put one between theparties."
"i grant it; but what was the conduct of the colonial government?
thisneutral ground was afterward given away in large tracts to the dutchboors, so as again to bring them into contact with the caffres."
"is it possible?"
"yes; to men who had always been opposed to the english government, whohad twice risen in rebellion against them, and who had tried to bring inthe caffres to destroy the colony.
neither were the commandoes, orexcursions against the caffres, put an end to: makomo, the son of gaika,our late ally, has, i hear, been the party now attacked.
i trust,however, that we may soon have affairs going on in a more favorable andreputable manner; indeed, i am sure that, now the government at homehave been put in possession of the facts, such will be the case.
"i have now given you a very brief insight into the history of the capeup to the present time.
there are many points which i have passed over,not wishing to diverge from a straightforward narrative; but upon anyquestions you may wish to ask, i shall be most happy to give you all theinformation in my power.
i can not, however, dismiss the subjectwithout making one remark, which is, that it is principally, if notwholly, to the missionaries, to their exertions and to theirrepresentations, that what good has been done is to be attributed.
theyare entitled to the greatest credit and the warmest praise; and great ashas been the misrule of this colony for many years, it would have beenmuch greater and much more disgraceful, if it had not been for theirefforts.
another very important alteration has been taking place in thecolony, which will eventually be productive of much good.
i refer to thebritish immigration, which every year becomes more extensive; and assoon as the british population exceeds and masters that of the old dutchplanters and boors, we shall have better feeling in the colony.
do notsuppose that all the dutch boors are such as those whose conduct i havebeen obliged to point out.
there are many worthy men, although but feweducated or enlightened.
"i know from my own observation that the failings and prejudices againstthe natives are fast fading away, and that lately the law has been ableto hold its ground, and has been supported by the people inhabiting thedistricts.
the dutch, with all their prejudices and all their vices,will soon be swallowed up by the inundation of english settlers, andwill gradually be so incorporated and intermingled by marriage that nodistinction will be known.
time, however, is required for suchconsolidation and cementation; that time is arriving fast, and thefuture prospects of the cape are as cheering, as you may think, from mynarrative, they have been disheartening and gloomy."
"i trust in god that such will be the case," replied alexander.
"if thiswind continues, in a few days we shall be at the cape, and i shall bemost anxious to hear how affairs are going on."
"i had a letter just before i set out from england, stating that thezoolu tribes, to the northward of the caffres, are in an unquiet state;and as you must pass near to these tribes on your journey, i am anxiousto know the truth.
at all events, chaka is dead; he was murdered abouttwo years back by his own relations."
"who was chaka?"
"that i have yet to tell you; at present we have only got as far as thecaffres, who are immediately on our frontiers."
the wind continued fair, and the vessel rapidly approached the cape.
alexander, who had contracted a great friendship for mr. swinton, hadmade known to him the cause of his intended journey into the interior,and the latter volunteered, if his company would not be displeasing, toaccompany alexander on his tedious and somewhat perilous expedition.
alexander gladly accepted the offer, and requested mr. swinton would puthimself to no expense, as he had unlimited command of money from hisgrand-uncle, and mr. swinton's joining the caravan would make nodifference in his arrangements.
after it had been agreed that they should travel together, the continuedsubject of discourse and discussion was the nature of the outfit, thenumber of wagons, their equipment, the stores, the number of horses andoxen which should he provided; and they were busy every day adding totheir memoranda as to what it would be advisable to procure for theirjourney.
mr. fairburn often joined in the discussion, and gave his advice, buttold them that, when they arrived at cape town, he might be more usefulto them.
alexander, who, as we have before observed, was a keen hunter,and very partial to horses and dogs, promised himself much pleasure inthe chase of the wild animals on their journey, and congratulatedhimself upon being so well provided with guns and rifles, which he hadbrought with him, more with the idea that they might be required forself-defense than for sport.
at last, "land, ho!"
was cried out by the man who was at the mast-headin the morning watch, and soon afterward, the flat top of table mountainwas distinctly visible from the deck.
the _surprise_, running before afresh breeze, soon neared the land, so that the objects on it might beperceived with a glass.
at noon they were well in for the bay, andbefore three o'clock the _surprise_ was brought to an anchor between twoother merchant vessels, which were filling up their home cargoes.
after a three months' voyage, passengers are rather anxious to get onshore; and therefore before night all were landed, and alexander foundhimself comfortably domiciled in one of the best houses in cape town;for mr. fairburn had, during the passage, requested alexander to take uphis abode with him.
tired with the excitement of the day, he was not sorry to go to bedearly, and he did not forget to return his thanks to him who hadpreserved him through the perils of the voyage.
the next morning mr. fairburn said to alexander--"mr. wilmot, i should recommend you for the first ten days to thinknothing about your journey.
amuse yourself with seeing the publicgardens, and other things worthy of inspection; or, if it pleases you,you can make the ascent of table mountain with your friend swinton.
atall events, do just as you please; you will find my people attentive,and ready to obey your orders.
you know the hours of meals; consideryourself at home, and as much master here as i am.
as you may wellimagine, after so long an absence, i have much to attend to in myofficial capacity, and i think it will be a week or ten days before ishall be comfortably reseated in my office, and have things going onsmoothly, as they ought to do.
you must therefore excuse me if i am notquite so attentive a host at first as i should wish to be.
one thingonly i recommend you to do at present, which is, to accompany me thisafternoon to government-house, that i may introduce you to the governor.
it is just as well to get over that mark of respect which is due to him,and then you will be your own master."
alexander replied with many thanks.
he was graciously received by thegovernor, who promised him every assistance in his power in theprosecution of his journey.
having received an invitation for dinner onthe following day, alexander bowed and took his leave in company withmr. fairburn.
on the following day alexander was visited by mr. swinton.
mr. swintonwas accompanied by a major in the bengal cavalry, whom he introduced asmajor henderson.
he had arrived a few days before from calcutta, havingobtained leave of absence for the recovery of his health, after a smartjungle-fever, which had nearly proved fatal.
the voyage, however, hadcompletely reinstated him, and he appeared full of life and spirits.
they walked together to the company's gardens, in which were a fewlions, and some other cape animals, and the discourse naturally turnedupon them.
major henderson described the hunting in india, especiallythe tiger-hunting on elephants, to which he was very partial; andalexander soon discovered that he was talking to one who waspassionately fond of the sport.
after a long conversation they parted,mutually pleased with each other.
a day or two afterward, mr. swinton,who had been talking about their intended journey with alexander, saidto him:--"you must not be surprised at the off-hand and unceremonious way we havein the colonies.
people meeting abroad, even englishmen occasionally,throw aside much ceremony.
i mention this, because major hendersonintends to call this afternoon, and propose joining our party into theinterior.
i do not know much of him, but i have heard much said in hisfavor, and it is easy to see by his manners and address that he is agentleman.
of course, when he stated his intention, i could do nothingbut refer him to you, which i did.
what do you think, wilmot?"
"i think very well of major henderson, and i consider that, as thejourney must be one of some peril, the more europeans the better,especially when we can find one who is used to danger from hisprofession, and also to dangerous hunting, which we must also expect.
sofar from not wishing him to join us, i consider him a most valuableacquisition, and am delighted at the idea."
"well, i am glad to hear you say so, for i agree with you.
he is huntingmad, that is certain, and i hear, a most remarkable shot.
i think withyou he will be an acquisition.
it appears that it was his intention tohave gone into the interior, even if he went by himself; and he has twoarab horses which he brought with him from india with that view."
"if you see him before he comes, you may say that you have stated hiswishes to me, and that i am quite delighted at his joining ourparty,--it being perfectly understood that he is at no expense for anything connected with the outfit."
"i will tell him so," replied swinton; "and i think the sooner we beginto collect what is necessary the better.
we must have major henderson inour councils.
depend upon it, he will be very useful and very active;so, for the present, farewell."
mr. swinton and major henderson called together that afternoon, and thelatter, as soon as he was admitted into the party, began to talk overthe plans and preparations.
"my suite is not very large," said he; "i have two horses and two dogs,a parsee servant, and a cape baboon.
i should like to take the latterwith us as well as my servant.
my servant, because he is a good cook;and my monkey, because, if we are hard put to it, she will show us whatwe may eat and what we may not; there is no taster like a monkey.
besides, she is young and full of tricks, and i like something to amuseme."
"the baboons have another good quality: they give notice of dangersooner than a dog," observed swinton.
"i think, wilmot, we must admitthe monkey into the party."
"i shall be most happy," replied alexander, laughing; "pray give her mycompliments, major henderson, and say how happy i shall be."
"i call her begum," said major henderson; "because she is so like theold begum princess whom i was once attending, when in india with mytroop, as guard of honor.
you must look out for some good horses, mr.wilmot; you will want a great many, and if you do not wish them to havesore backs, don't let the hottentots ride them."
"we have been discussing the point, major henderson, as to whether itwill not be better to go round in a vessel to algoa bay, complete ourequipment there, and make that our starting place."
"if you do, you will save a long journey by land, and find yourself notvery far from what i understand are the best of hunting-grounds, near tothe country of the vaal river."
the topics then dwelt upon were what articles they should procure incape town, and what they should defer providing themselves with untiltheir arrival at algoa bay.
they agreed to provide all their stores atcape town, and as many good horses as they could select; but the wagonsand oxen, and the hiring of hottentots, they put off until they arrivedat algoa bay.
mr. fairburn was now more at leisure, and alexander had more of hissociety.
one evening after dinner mr. fairburn had opened a map of thecountry, to give alexander some information relative to his projectedjourney.
he pointed out to him the track which appeared most advisablethrough the caffre country, and then observed that it was difficult togive any advice as to his proceedings after he had passed this country,governed by hinza, as every thing would depend upon circumstances.
"do you know any thing of the country beyond?"
"not much; we know that it was overrun by the zoolus, the tribe of whichchaka was the chief; and last year our troops went to the assistance ofthe caffres, who were attacked by another tribe from the northward,called the mantatees.
these were dispersed by our troops with immenseslaughter.
the zoolu country, you perceive, is on the east side of thegreat chain of mountains, and to the northward of port natal.
themantatees came from the west side of the mountains, in about the sameparallel of latitude.
it is impossible to say what may be going on atpresent, or what may take place before you arrive at your destination,as these northern irruptions are continual."
"you promised me the history of that person, chaka."
"you shall have it now: he was the king of the zoolu nation--i hardlyknow what to call him.
he was the nero and the napoleon of africa; amonster in cruelty and crime, yet a great warrior and conqueror.
hecommenced his career by murdering his relatives to obtain thesovereignty.
as soon as he had succeeded, he murdered all those whom hethought inimical to him, and who had been friends to his relatives."
"but are the zoolus caffres?"
"no; but there are many races to the northward which we consider ascaffre races.
you may have observed, in the history of the world, thatthe migrations of the human race are generally from the north to thesouth: so it appears to have been in africa.
some convulsion among thenorthern tribes, probably a pressure from excessive population, haddriven the zoolus to the southward, and they came down like aninundation, sweeping before them all the tribes that fell in their path.
chaka's force consisted of nearly 100,000 warriors, of whom 15,000 werealways in attendance to execute his orders.
in every country which heoverran he spared neither age nor sex; it was one indiscriminateslaughter."
"what a monster!"
"he ruled by terror, and it is incredible that his orders met with suchimplicit obedience.
to make his army invincible, he remodeled it,divided it into companies, distinguished by the color of their shields,and forbade them to use any other weapon but a short stabbing-spear, sothat they always fought at close quarters.
he weeded his army by pickingout 1000 of his veteran warriors, who had gained his victories, andputting them to death.
any regiment sent out to battle, if they weredefeated, were instantly destroyed on their return; it was, therefore,victory or death with them; and the death was most cruel, being that ofimpalement.
well he was surnamed 'the bloody,'""yes, indeed."
"his tyranny over his own people was dreadful.
on one occasion, a childannoyed him; he ordered it to be killed; but the child ran among seventyor eighty other children, and could not be distinguished, so he orderedthe whole to be put to death.
he murdered two or three hundred of hiswives in one day.
at the slightest suspicion he would order out hischiefs to execution, and no one knew when his turn might come.
his willwas law: every one trembled and obeyed.
to enter into a detail of allhis cruelties would fill volumes; it will be sufficient to mention thelast act of his life.
his mother died, and he declared that she hadperished by witchcraft.
hundreds and hundreds were impaled, and, atlast, tired of these slow proceedings, he ordered out his army to anindiscriminate slaughter over the whole country, which lasted forfourteen days."
"he was a demon who reveled in blood; but his own turn came at last.
hewas murdered by his brother dingaam, who knew that he was about to besacrificed; and thus perished the bloody chaka.
his brother dingaam isnow on the zoolu throne, and appears inclined to be quiet.
there isanother great warrior chief named moselekatsee, who revolted from chaka,and who is much such another character; but our accounts of these peopleare vague at present, and require time to corroborate their correctness.
you will have to act and decide when you arrive there, and must beguided by circumstances.
with the caravan you propose to travel with, ithink there will not be much danger; and if there is, you must retreat.
the favor of these despots is easily to be obtained by judiciouspresents, which of course you will not be unprovided with.
i haveordered your letters to the authorities to be made out, and you willhave the governor's signature to them.
when do you propose to, start?"
"we shall be ready in a few days, and have only to find a vessel goingto algoa bay."
"you will be asked to take charge of several articles which are to besent to the missionary station which you will pass on your way.
ipresume you have no objection?"
"certainly not; they deserve every encouragement, and any kindness andattention i can show them will give me great pleasure."
alexander received many proposals from different parties who wished tojoin the expedition, but they were all civilly declined.
in a few days avessel arrived, which was about to go round to the settlement at algoabay.
their stores, horses, and dogs, not forgetting begum the baboon,were all embarked, and, taking leave of mr. fairburn and the governor,alexander, major henderson, and mr. swinton embarked, and on the eveningof the fourth day found themselves safe at anchor in company with ten ortwelve vessels which were lying in algoa bay.
the vessels which lay at anchor in algoa bay had just arrived fromengland, with a numerous collection of emigrants, who, to improve theirfortunes, had left their native land to settle in this country.
many hadlanded, but the greater proportion were still on board of the vessels.
the debarkation was rapidly going on, and the whole bay was covered withboats landing with people and stores, or returning for more.
the windblowing from the westward, there was no surf on the beach; the sun wasbright and warm, and the scene was busy and interesting; but night cameon, and the panorama was closed in.
alexander and his companions remained on the deck of their vessel tillan undisturbed silence reigned where but an hour or two before all wasnoise and bustle.
the stars, so beautiful in the southern climes, shoneout in cloudless brilliancy; the waters of the bay were smooth as glass,and reflected them so clearly that they might have fancied that therewas a heaven beneath as well as above them.
the land presented a darkopaque mass, the mountains in the distance appearing as if they wereclose to them, and rising precipitately from the shore.
all was of onesomber hue, except where the lights in the houses in the town twinkledhere and there, announcing that; some had not yet dismissed theirworldly cares, and sought repose from the labors of the day.
yet allwas silent, except occasionally the barking of a dog, or the voice ofthe sentry in fort frederick, announcing that "all was well."
"what a gathering in a small space of so many people with so manydifferent histories, so many causes for leaving their native land, andwith so many different fortunes in store for them, must there be onboard of an emigrant ship," observed mr. swinton.
"yet all united in one feeling, and instigated by the same desire,--thatof independence, and, if possible, of wealth," rejoined major henderson.
"of that there can be no doubt," said alexander; "but it must be almostlike beginning a new life; so many ties broken by the vast ocean whichhas separated them; new interests usurping the place of old ones; allnovelty and adventure to look forward to; new scenes added to new hopesand new fears; but we must not remain too long even to watch thesebeautiful heavens, for we must rise at daylight, so i shall set theexample, and wish you both good-night."
at daylight on the following morning the long-boat was hoisted out, andthe horses safely conveyed on shore.
after a hasty breakfast, alexanderand his two companions landed, to see if it were possible to obtain anyroof under which they could shelter themselves; but the number ofemigrants who had arrived put that out of the question, every house andevery bed being engaged.
this was a great disappointment, as they had nowish to return on board and reoccupy the confined space which had beenallotted to them.
having found accommodation for their horses, they proceeded to examinethe town and resume their search for lodgings.
the streets presented abustling and animated scene; wagons with goods, or returning empty withtheir long teams of oxen; horses, sheep, and other animals, just landed;loud talking; busy inquirers; running to and fro of men; hottentots busywith the gods, or smoking their pipes in idle survey; crates and boxes,and packages of all descriptions, mixed up with agricultural implementsand ironware, lining each side of the road, upon which were seatedwives and daughters watching the property, and children looking roundwith astonishment, or playing or crying.
further out of the town were to be seen tents pitched by the emigrants,who had provided themselves with such necessaries before they hadquitted england, and who were bivouacking like so many gipsies,independent of lodgings and their attendant expenses, and cooking theirown provisions in kettles or frying-pans.
as alexander perceived thelatter, he said, "at all events, we have found lodgings now; i neverthought of that."
"how do you mean?"
"i have two tents in the luggage i brought from cape town; we must getthem on shore, and do as these people have done."
i am glad to hear that," replied major henderson; "any thingbetter than remaining on board to be nibbled by the cockroaches.
shallwe return at once?"
"by all means," said mr. swinton; "we have but to get our mattresses anda few other articles."
"leave my man to do all that," said the major; "he is used to it.
inindia we almost live in tents when up the country.
but here comes onethat i should know;--maxwell, i believe?"
"even so, my dear henderson," replied the military officer who had beenthus addressed; "why, what brought you here?--surely you are not asettler?"
"no; i am here because i am not a settler," replied henderson, laughing;"i am always on the move; i am merely on my own way with my two friendshere to shoot a hippopotamus.
allow me to introduce mr. wilmot and mr.swinton.
but i see you are on duty; are you in the fort?"
"yes; i came from somerset about a month back.
can i be of any use toyou?"
"that depends upon circumstances; we are now going on board for ourtents, to pitch them on the hill there, as we can get no lodgings."
"well, i can not offer you beds in the fort, but i think if you were topitch your tents outside the fort, on the glacis, you would be betterthan on the hill; your baggage would be safer, and i should be more ableto render you any attention or assistance you may require."
"an excellent idea; if it were only on account of the baggage," repliedhenderson; "we accept your offer with pleasure."
"well then, get them on shore as quick as you can; my men will soon havethem out for you and assist in transporting your luggage; and don'tdistress yourself about your dinner, i will contrive to have somethingcooked for you."
"a friend in need is a friend indeed, my good fellow.
we will acceptyour offers as freely as they are made: so farewell for an hour or so."
as they parted with captain maxwell, henderson observed, "that was alucky meeting, for we shall now get on well.
maxwell is an excellentfellow, and he will be very useful to us in making our purchases, as heknows the people and the country: and our luggage will be safe from allpilferers."
"it is indeed very fortunate," replied mr. swinton.
"where did you knowcaptain maxwell?"
we have often been out hunting tigers together.
how he wouldlike to be of our party; but that is of course impossible."
"but how shall we manage about our living, major henderson?"
observedwilmot; "it will never do to quarter ourselves on your friend."
"of course not; we should soon eat up his pay and allowance.
no, no; wewill find dinners, and he will help us to cook them first and eat themafterward."
"upon such terms, i shall gladly take up my quarters in the fort,"replied alexander.
"but which is our boat out of all these?"
"here, sir," cried out one of the sailors; "come along, my lads,"continued he to the other men, who were lounging about, and who alljumped into the boat, which pushed off, and they were soon on board ofthe ship.
as the master of the vessel was equally glad to get rid of hispassengers and their luggage as they were to leave, the utmostexpedition was used by all parties, and in a few hours everything waslanded, begum, the baboon, being perched upon the stores conveyed in thelast boat.
a party of soldiers sent down by captain maxwell assisted theseamen to carry the various packages up to the fort, and before theevening closed in, the tents were pitched, their beds made up, and theirbaggage safely housed, while they were amusing themselves after diningwith captain maxwell, leaning on the parapet and watching the passingand repassing of the boats which were unlading the vessels.
as there was little chance of rain in the present season, they lay downon their mattresses in perfect security and comfort, and did not wake upthe next morning until breakfast was ready.
after breakfast they salliedout with captain maxwell to look after wagons and oxen, and as, on thearrival of the emigrants, a number of wagons had been sent down to takethem to their destinations, captain maxwell soon fell in with some ofthe dutch boors of the interior with whom he had been acquainted, andwho had come down with their wagons; but previous to making anybargains, alexander went with captain maxwell to the landroost, for whomhe had brought a letter from the governor.
this gentleman immediately joined the party, and through hisintervention, before night, four excellent wagons with their tilts andcanvas coverings, and four span of oxen of fourteen each, were boughtand promised to be brought down and delivered up in good order, as soonas they had carried up the freights with which they were charged.
as these wagons could not return under four days, the next object thatthey had in view was to procure some more horses, and here they met withdifficulty; for major henderson, who, as an excellent judge of horses,was requested to select them, would not accept of many that wereoffered.
still they had plenty of time, as the wagons would requirefitting out previous to their departure, and this would be a work ofsome days; and many articles which they had decided to procure at algoabay, instead of the cape, were now to be sought for and selected.
at the time appointed, the wagons and teams were delivered over and paidfor.
carpenters were then engaged, and the wagons were fitted out withlockers all round them, divided off to contain the luggage separate, sothat they might be able to obtain in a minute any thing that they mightrequire.
while this work was proceeding, with the assistance of thelandroost, they were engaging hottentots and other people to join theexpedition, some as drivers to the wagons, others as huntsmen, and toperform such duties as might be required of them.
some very steady bravemen were selected, but it was impossible to make up the whole forcewhich they wished to take of people of known character; many of themwere engaged rather from their appearance, their promises, and thecharacters they obtained from others or gave themselves, than from anypositive knowledge of them.
this could not be avoided; and as they hadit in their power to dismiss them for bad conduct, it was to be presumedthat they could procure others.
it was more than three weeks before every thing was ready for theirdeparture, and then the caravan was composed as follows:--the persons who belonged to it were our three gentlemen; the servant ofmajor henderson; eight drivers of the teams of oxen; twelve hottentotand other hunters (for some of them were of a mixed race); twohottentots who had charge of the horses, and two others who had chargeof a flock of cape sheep, which were to follow the caravan, and serve asfood until they could procure oxen by purchase or game with their guns:so that the whole force of the party amounted to twenty men: twohottentot women, wives of the principal men, also accompanied thecaravan to wash and assist in cooking.
the animals belonging to the caravan consisted of fifty-six fine oxen,which composed the teams; twelve horses, as major henderson could onlyprocure six at algoa bay, or they would have purchased more; thirteendogs of various sizes, and begum, the baboon, belonging to captainhenderson: to these were to be added the flock of sheep.
the wagons were fitted out as follows, chiefly under the direction ofmajor henderson and mr. swinton.
the first wagon, which was called mr. wilmot's wagon, was fitted up withboxes or lockers all round, and contained all the stores for their ownuse, such as tea, sugar, coffee, cheeses, hams, tongues, biscuits, soap,and wax candles, wine and spirits in bottles, besides large rolls oftobacco for the hottentots or presents, and alexander's clothes; hismattress lay at the bottom of the wagons, between the lockers.
the wagonwas covered with a double sail-cloth tilt, and with curtains before andbehind; the carpenter's tools were also in one of the lockers of thiswagon.
the second wagon was called mr. swinton's wagon; it was fitted up withlockers in the same way as the other, but it had also a large chest witha great quantity of drawers for insects, bottles of spirits for animals,and every thing necessary for preserving them; a ream or two of paperfor drying plants, and several other articles, more particularly amedicine-chest well filled, for mr. swinton was not unacquainted withsurgery and physic.
the other lockers were filled with a large quantityof glass beads and cutlery for presents, several hundred pounds ofbullets, ready cast, and all the kitchen ware and crockery.
it had thesame covering as the first, and mr. swinton's mattress was at nightspread in the middle between the lockers.
the third wagon was called the armory, or the major's wagon; it was notfitted up like the two first.
the whole bottom of it was occupied withmovable chests, and four large casks of spirits, and the major made uphis bed on the top of the chests.
in the chests were gunpowder inbottles and a quantity of small shot for present use; tobacco in largerolls; 1 cwt.
of snuff; all the heavy tools, spades, shovels, and axes,and a variety of other useful articles.
the tilt-frame was much stouter than that of the two other wagons, forthe hoops met each other so as to make it solid.
it was covered with atarred sail-cloth so as to be quite water-proof, and under thetilt-frame were suspended all the guns, except the two which alexanderand mr. swinton retained in their own wagons in case of emergency.
theback and front of this wagon were closed with boards, which were letdown and pulled up on hinges, so that it was a little fortress in caseof need; and as it could be locked up at any time, the hottentots werenot able to get at the casks of spirits without committing a sort ofburglary.
begum was tied up in this wagon at night.
the fourth wagon was called the store wagon, and contained severalarticles which were not immediately wanted; such as casks of flour andbags of rice: it also held most of the ammunition, having six casks ofgunpowder, a quantity of lead, two coils of rope, iron bars, bags ofnails of various sizes, rolls of brass wire, and the two tents, withthree chairs and a small table.
like the wagon of major henderson, itwas covered with water-proof cloth.
such was the fit-out which was considered necessary for this adventurousexpedition, and the crowds who came to see the preparations for thegreat hunting-party, as it was called, were so great and so annoyingthat the utmost haste was made to quit the town.
at last the wagons wereall loaded, the hottentots collected together from the liquor-shops,their agreements read to them by the landroost, and any departure fromtheir agreements, or any misconduct, threatened with severe punishment.
the horses and oxen were brought in, and the next morning was fixed fortheir departure.
having taken leave of the landroost and other gentlemenof the town, who had loaded them with civilities, they retired to thefort, and passed the major part of the night with captain maxwell; butto avoid the crowd which would have accompanied them, and have impededtheir progress, they had resolved to set off before daylight.
at twoo'clock in the morning the hottentots were roused up, the oxen yoked,and an hour before day-break the whole train had quitted the town, andwere traveling at a slow pace, lighted only by the brilliant stars ofthe southern sky.
the plans of our travelers had been well digested.
they had decided thatthey would first prosecute the object of their journey by proceedingstraight through the caffre country to the borders of the undata river,near or whereabout it was reported that the descendants of the whiteswould be found located; and as soon as alexander had accomplished hismission, that they would cross the chain of mountains, and returnthrough the bushmen and the koranna country.
their reason for makingthis arrangement was, that throughout the whole of the caffre country,with the exception of lions and elephants in the forest, and hippopotamiin the rivers, there was little or no game to be found, the caffreshaving almost wholly destroyed it.
this plan had been suggested by major henderson, and had been approvedby alexander and mr. swinton,--alexander being equally desirous as themajor to have plenty of field-sport, and mr. swinton anxious to increasehis stock and knowledge of the animal kingdom.
there was little to befeared in their advance through the caffre country, as the missionarieshad already planted two missions, one at butterworth and the other atchumie; and the first of these alexander had decided upon visiting, andhad, in consequence, several packages in his wagon, which had beenentrusted to his care.
it was on the 7th of may, 1829, that the caravan quitted algoa bay forgraham's town.
the weather had been for some weeks fine, the heavy rainshaving ceased, and the pasturage was now luxuriant; the wagons proceededat a noiseless pace over the herbage, the sleepy hottentots not being atall inclined to exert themselves unnecessarily.
alexander, swinton, andhenderson were on horseback, a little ahead of the first wagon.
"i don't know how you feel," said the major; "but i feel as if i were aprisoner just released from his chains.
i breathe the air ofindependence and liberty now.
after the bustle, and noise, and crowdingtogether of the town, to find ourselves here so quiet and solitary isfreedom."
"i had the same feeling," replied alexander; "this wide-extended plain,of which we can not yet discern the horizontal edge; these brilliantstars scattered over the heavens, and shining down upon us; no sound tomeet our ears but the creaking of the wagon-wheels in the slow andmeasured pace, is to me delightful.
they say man is formed for society,and so he is; but it is very delightful occasionally to be alone."
"yes; alone as we are," replied swinton, laughing; "that is, with aparty of thirty people, well armed, in search of adventure.
to be clearof the bustle of the town, and no longer cooped up in the fort, ispleasant enough; but, i suspect, to be quite alone in these africanwilds would be any thing but agreeable."
"neither would you feel so much at ease if you knew that your chance ofto-morrow's dinner was to depend wholly upon what you might procure withyour gun.
there is a satisfaction in knowing that you have fourwell-filled wagons behind you."
"i grant that also," replied the major; "but still there is solitudeeven with this company, and i feel it."
"a solitary caravan--but grant that there is some difference betweenthat and a solitary individual," rejoined swinton; "however, we have notcome to solitude yet, for we shall find dutch boors enough between thisand graham's town."
"i think, wilmot," observed henderson, "that i should, if i were you,proceed by slow stages at first, that we may get our men into some kindof order and discipline, and also that we may find out whether there areany who will not suit us; we can discharge them at graham's town, andprocure others in their place, at the same time that we engage ourinterpreters and guides."
"i think your plan very good," replied alexander; "besides, we shall nothave our wagons properly laden and arranged until we have been out threeor four days."
"one thing is absolutely necessary, which is, to have a guard keptevery night," said swinton; "and there ought to be two men on guard at atime; for one of them is certain to fall asleep, if not both.
i know thehottentots well."
"they will be excellent guards, by your account," said alexander;"however, the dogs will serve us more faithfully."
"i do not mean my remark to include all hottentots; some are veryfaithful, and do their duty; but it comprehends the majority."
"are they courageous?"
"yes, certainly, they may be considered as a brave race of men; butoccasionally there is a poltroon, and, like all cowards, he brags morethan the rest."
"i've a strong suspicion that we have one of that kind among ourhunters," replied henderson; "however, it is not fair to prejudge; i maybe mistaken."
"i think i know which you refer to, nevertheless," said alexander; "itis the great fellow that they call big adam."
"you have hit upon the man, and to a certain degree corroborated myopinion of him.
but the day is dawning, the sun will soon be above thosehills."
"when we stop, i will have some grease put to those wagon-wheels," saidalexander.
"i fear it will be of little use," replied the major; "creak they will.
i don't know whether the oxen here are like those in india; but this iknow, that the creaking of the carts and hackeries there is fifty timesworse than this.
the natives never grease the wheels; they say the oxenwould not go on if they did not hear the music behind them."
"besides, the creaking of the wheels will by and by be of service; whenwe are traveling through grass higher than our heads, we shall not beable to stop behind a minute, if we have not the creaking of the wheelsto direct us how to follow."
"well, then, i suppose we must save our grease," said alexander.
"in a very few days you will be so accustomed to it," said the major,"that if it were to cease, you would feel the loss of it."
"well, it may be so; use is second nature; but at present i feel as ifthe loss would be gain.
there is the sun just showing himself above thehill.
shall we halt or go on?"
"go on for another hour, and the men can thus examine the traces and thewagons by daylight, and then, when we stop, we can remedy any defects."
"be it so; there is a house, is there not, on the rising ground, as faras you can see?"
"yes, i think so," replied the major.
"i know it very well," said swinton; "it is the farm of a dutch boor,milius, whom we saw at algoa bay.
i did not think that we had got on sofast.
it is about three miles off, so it will just be convenient for ourbreakfast.
it will take us a good hour to arrive there, and then we willunyoke the oxen.
how many have we yoked?"
"ten to each wagon.
the other sixteen are following with the sheep andhorses; they are as relays."
"let us gallop on," said the major.
"agreed," replied the others; and putting spurs to their horses, theysoon arrived at the farmhouse of the dutch planter.
they were saluted with the barking and clamor of about twenty dogs,which brought out one of the young boors, who drove away the dogs bypelting them with bullock-horns, and other bones of animals which werestrewed about.
he then requested them to dismount.
the old boor soonappeared, and gave them a hearty welcome, handing down from the shelf alarge brandy-bottle, and recommending a dram, of which he partookhimself, stating that it was good brandy, and made from his own peaches.
shortly afterward the wife of the boor made her appearance, and havingsaluted them, took up her station at a small table, with the teaapparatus before her.
that refreshing beverage she now poured out forthe visitors, handing a box, with some sugar-candy in it, for them toput a bit into their youths, and keep there as they drank their tea, byway of sweetening it.
the old boor told them he had expected them, as hehad been informed that they were to set out that day; but he hadconcluded that they would arrive in the afternoon, and not so early.
we may as well here give a description of a dutch farmer's house at thecape settlement.
it was a large square building, the wall built up of clay, and thenplastered with a composition made by the boors, which becomesexcessively hard in time; after which it is whitewashed.
the roof wasthatched with a hard sort of rushes, more durable and less likely tocatch fire than straw.
there was no ceiling under the roof, but therafters overhead were hung with a motley assemblage of the produce ofthe chase and farm, as large whips made of rhinoceros-hide, leopard andlion skins, ostrich eggs and feathers, strings of onions, rolls oftobacco, bamboos, etc.
the house contained one large eating-room, a small private room, and twobedrooms.
the windows were not glazed, but closed with skins everynight.
there was no chimney or stove in the house, all the cooking beingcarried on in a small outhouse.
the furniture was not very considerable: a large table, a few chairs andstools, some iron pots and kettles, a set of dutch teacups, a teapot,and a brass kettle, with a heater.
the large, brass-clasped, familydutch bible occupied a small table, at which the mistress of the housepresided, and behind her chair were the carcasses of two sheep,suspended from a beam.
inquiries about the news at the cape, and details of all the informationwhich our travelers could give, had occupied the time till breakfast wasput on the table.
it consisted of mutton boiled and stewed, butter,milk, fruits, and good white bread.
before breakfast was over thecaravan arrived, and the oxen were unyoked.
our travelers passed awaytwo hours in going over the garden and orchards, and visiting thecattlefolds, and seeing the cows milked.
they then yoked the teams, andwishing the old boor a farewell, and thanking him for his hospitality,they resumed their journey.
"is it always the custom here to receive travelers in this friendlyway?"
observed alexander, as they rode away.
"always," replied swinton; "there are no inns on the road, and everytraveler finds a welcome.
it is considered a matter of course."
"do they never take payment?"
"never, and it must not be offered; but they will take the value of thecorn supplied to your horses, as that is quite another thing.
onepeculiarity you will observe as you go along, which is, that the dutchwife is a fixture at the little tea-table all day long.
she never leavesit, and the tea is always ready for every traveler who claims theirhospitality; it is an odd custom."
"and i presume that occasions the good woman to become so very lusty."
"no doubt of it; the whole exercise of the day is from the bedroom tothe teapot, and back again," replied swinton, laughing.
"one would hardly suppose that this apparently good-natured andhospitable people could have been guilty of such cruelty to the nativesas mr. fairburn represented."
"many of our virtues and vices are brought prominently forward bycircumstances," replied swinton.
"hospitality in a thinly-inhabitedcountry is universal, and a dutch boor is hospitable to an excess.
theircruelty to the hottentots and other natives arises from the prejudicesof education: they have from their childhood beheld them treated asslaves, and do not consider them as fellow-creatures.
as mr. fairburntruly said, nothing demoralizes so much, or so hardens the heart of man,as slavery existing and sanctioned by law."
"but are not the dutch renowned for cruelty and love of money?"
"they have obtained that reputation, and i fear there is some reason forit.
they took the lead, it must be remembered, as a commercial nation,more commercial than the portuguese, whose steps they followed soclosely: that this eager pursuit of wealth should create a love of moneyis but too natural, and to obtain money, men, under the influence ofthat passion, will stop at nothing.
their cruelties in the east are onrecord; but the question is, whether the english, who followed the pathof the dutch, would not, had they gone before them, have been guilty ofthe same crimes to obtain the same ends?
the spaniards were just ascruel in south america, and the portuguese have not fallen short ofthem; nay, i doubt if our own countrymen can be acquitted in manyinstances.
the only difference is, that the other nations who precededthem in discoveries had greater temptation, because there were moreriches and wealth to be obtained."
"your remarks are just; well may we say in the lord's prayer, 'lead usnot into temptation,' for we are all too frail to withstand it."
at noon they again unyoked, and allowed the cattle to graze for aninterval; after which they proceeded till an hour before dark, when theymustered the men, and gave them their several charges and directions.
atalexander's request the major took this upon himself, and he made a longspeech to the hottentots, stating that it was their intention to rewardthose who did their duty, and to punish severely those who did not.
theythen collected wood for the fires, and had their supper,--the first mealwhich they had taken out of doors.
mahomed, the parsee servant of majorhenderson, cooked very much to their satisfaction; and having tied theoxen to the wagons, to accustom them to the practice, more than from anydanger to be apprehended, the watch was set to keep up the fires: theythen all retired to bed, the gentlemen sleeping in their wagons, and thehottentots underneath them, or by the sides of the fires which had beenlighted.
it will be unnecessary to enter into a detail of the journey to graham'stown, which was performed without difficulty.
they did not arrive thereuntil eight days after their departure from algoa bay, as they purposelylost time on the road, that things might find their places.
at graham'stown they received every kindness and attention from the few militarywho were there and the landroost.
here they dismissed three of the men,who had remained drunk in the liquor-houses during their stay, andhired nine more, who were well recommended; among these were twoperfectly well acquainted with the caffre language and country; so thatthey were serviceable both as interpreters and guides.
the day aftertheir arrival, when they were out in the skirts of the town, mr. swintonperceived something moving in the bushes.
he advanced cautiously, anddiscovered that it was a poor little bushman boy, about twelve yearsold, quite naked, and evidently in a state of starvation, having beenleft there in a high fever by his people.
he was so weak that he couldnot stand, and mr. swinton desired the hottentot who was with him tolift him up, and carry him to the wagons.
some medicine and good foodsoon brought the little fellow round again, and he was able to walkabout.
he showed no disposition to leave them; indeed he would watch formr. swinton, and follow him as far as he could.
the child evidentlyappeared to feel attachment and gratitude, and when they were about todepart, mr. swinton, through the medium of one of the hottentots whocould speak the language, asked him if he would like to stay with them.
the answer was in the affirmative, and it was decided that he shouldaccompany them, the major observing that he would be a very goodcompanion for begum.
"what name shall we give him?"
"why, as my baboon is by title a princess, i think we can not create himless than a prince.
let us call him omrah."
"omrah be it then," replied mr. swinton, "until we can name him in amore serious way."
so omrah was put into the wagon, with begum to amuse him, and ourtravelers took their departure from graham's town.
[illustration: the bushman boy.]
it was in the afternoon that they moved from graham's town.
they hadintended to have started earlier, but they found it impossible tocollect the hottentots, who were taking their farewells of their wivesand their liquor-shops.
as it was, most of them were in a state ofintoxication, and it was considered advisable to get them out of thetown as soon as possible.
late in the evening they arrived at hermann'skraal, a small military fort, where they remained for the night to givethe hottentots an opportunity of recovering from the effects of theliquor.
the next morning they again started, and the landscape nowchanged its aspect, being covered with thick bushes, infested with wildbeasts.
a barren and sterile country was soon spread before them, the sun wasoppressively hot, and not a sign of water was to be observed in anydirection.
at last they arrived at a muddy pool, in which elephants hadevidently been enjoying themselves, and the oxen and horses were but tooglad to do the same.
at night they halted as before, having lightedfires to keep off the wild beasts and the elephants.
the following morning they renewed their journey at daylight, and thescene again changed; they now plunged into the dense forests borderingon the great fish river, which they forded in safety.
the prospects allaround were very beautiful, the river smoothly gliding throughstupendous mountains and precipices, with verdant valleys on each sideof its banks.
in the afternoon they arrived at fort wiltshire, theoutermost defense of the colony, situated on the banks of the keiskamma.
english troops were stationed there, to prevent any marauding partiesfrom passing the river, or to intercept them on their return with theirbooty.
as this was the last spot where they could expect to see any of theircountrymen, and they were kindly received by the officers, they agreedto remain two days, that they might obtain all the information whichthey could, and rearrange the stowing of the wagons before theystarted.
the original plan had been to direct their course to chumie,the first missionary station, which was about twenty-five miles distant;but as it was out of their way, they now resolved to proceed direct tobutterworth, which was forty miles further in the caffre country, andthe more distant of the two missions.
our party took leave of their kindentertainers, and, having crossed without difficulty at the ford thekeiskamma river, had passed the neutral ground, and were in the land ofthe caffres.
up to the present they had very little trouble with the hottentots whomthey had hired.
as long as they were within reach of the law theybehaved well; but now that they had passed the confines of the capeterritory, some of them began to show symptoms of insubordination.
thedismissal of one, however, with an order to go back immediately, andthreatening to shoot him if he was ever seen in the caravan, had thedesired effect of restoring order.
the country was now a series of hillsand dales, occasionally of deep ravines, and their route lay through thepaths made by the elephants, which were numerous.
a hottentot of thename of bremen, who was considered as their best man and most practicedhunter, begged alexander and his companions to be careful how they wentalong, if they preceded the rest on horseback; as the elephants alwaysreturn by the same path at evening or after nightfall, in whateverdirection they may have been feeding, and it is very dangerous tointercept them.
for two days they continued their course in nearly a straight line forthe missionary establishment.
on the second evening, just about dusk, asthey were crossing a woody hill, by the elephants' path, being thenabout 200 yards in advance of the wagons, they were saluted with one ofthe most hideous shrieks that could be conceived.
their horses startedback; they could see nothing, although the sound echoed through thehills for some seconds.
"what was that?"
"shout as loud as you can," cried the major; "and turn your horses tothe wagons."
alexander and swinton joined the major in the shout, and were soonaccompanied by the whole mass of hottentots, shouting and yelling asloud as they could.
"silence, now," cried the major; every one was hushed, and they listenedfor a few seconds.
"it was only one, sir, and he is gone," said bremen.
"we may go on."
"only one what?"
"an elephant, sir," replied the hottentot; "it's well that he did notcharge you; he would have tumbled you down the precipice, horse and all.
there must be a herd here, and we had better stop as soon as we are downthe other side of the hill."
"i think so too," replied the major.
"i shall not get that shriek out of my ears for a month," saidalexander; "why, the roar of a lion can not be so bad."
"wait till you hear it," replied swinton.
they had now arrived at the bottom of the hill which they had beenpassing, and by the light of the stars they selected a spot for theirencampment.
whether they were near to any caffre kraals or not it wasimpossible to say; but they heard no barking of dogs or lowing of oxen.
having collected all the cattle, they formed a square of the fourwagons, and passed ropes from the one to the other; the horses and sheepwere driven within the square, and the oxen were, as usual, tied up tothe sides of the wagons.
it should here be observed, that the oxen were turned out to graze earlyin the morning, yoked in the afternoon, and they traveled then as far asthey could after nightfall, to avoid the extreme heat of the day, thecontinual visits of the carries, and the risk of losing the cattle ifthey were allowed to be loose and fed during the night.
on the night we have been referring to, a more than usual number offires were lighted, to keep off the elephants and other wild animals.
the hyenas and wolves were very numerous, and prowled the whole night inhopes of getting hold of some of the sheep; but as yet there had notbeen seen or heard a lion, although an occasional track had beenpointed out by the hottentots.
when the hottentots had finished their labor, our travelers had to waittill the fires were lighted and a sheep killed before they could havetheir suppers cooked by mahomed.
begum, the baboon, had been releasedfrom her confinement since their crossing the fish river, and as usual,when they sat down, came and made one of the party, generally creepingin close to her master until supper was served, when she would have herfinger in every dish, and steal all she could, sometimes rather to theirannoyance.
our little bushman had now quite recovered not only his strength but hisgayety, and was one of the most amusing little fellows that could be metwith.
he could not make himself understood except to one or two of thehottentots; but he was all pantomime, trying, by gestures and signs, totalk to mr. swinton and his companions.
he endeavored to assist mahomedas much as he could, and appeared to have attached himself to him, forhe kept no company with the hottentots.
he was not more than three feetand a half high, and with limbs remarkably delicate, although well made.
his face was very much like a monkey's, and his gestures and mannerscompletely so; he was quite as active and full of fun.
the watch hadbeen set as soon as the fires were lighted; and close to where alexanderand the others were seated, big adam, the hottentot we have mentioned ashaving raised doubts in the mind of the major as to his courage, hadjust mounted guard, with his gun in his hand.
omrah came up to wherethey were sitting, and they nodded and smiled at him, and said, "how doyou do?"
the boy, who had already picked up a few sentences, answered in the samewords, "how do you do?"
and then pointing to big adam, whose back wasturned, he began making a number of signs, and nodding his head; at lasthe bent down, putting his arm in front of him, and raising it like anelephant's trunk, walking with the measured steps of that animal, so asfully to make them understand that he intended to portray an elephant.
having so done, he went up behind big adam, and gave a shriek soexactly like that which the elephant had given an hour before, that thehottentot started up, dropped his musket, and threw himself flat on theground, in order that the supposed animal might pass by him unperceived.
the other hottentots had been equally startled, and had seized theirmuskets, looking in every direction for the approach of the animal; butthe convulsions of laughter which proceeded from the party soon toldthem that there was nothing to apprehend, and that little omrah had beenplaying his tricks.
big adam rose up, looking very foolish; he had justbefore been telling his companions how many elephants he had killed, andhad been expressing his hopes that they soon should have anelephant-hunt.
"well," observed swinton, after the laugh was over, "it proves that adamis an elephant-hunter, and knows what to do in time of danger."
"yes," replied the major; "and it also proves that our opinion of himwas just, and that with him the best part of valor is discretion."
"the most wonderful escape from an elephant which we have on recordhere," observed swinton, "is that of lieutenant moodie; did you everhear of it?
i had it from his own lips."
"i never did, at all events," said alexander; "and if the major has, hewill listen very patiently, to oblige me."
"i have never heard the precise particulars, and shall therefore be asglad to be a listener as wilmot."
"well, then, i will begin.
lieutenant moodie was out elephant-huntingwith a party of officers and soldiers, when one day he was told that alarge troop of elephants was close at hand, and that several of the menwere out, and in pursuit of them.
lieutenant moodie immediately seizedhis gun, and went off in the direction where he heard the firing.
"he had forced his way through a jungle, and had just come to a clearedspot, when he heard some of his people calling out, in english anddutch, 'take care, mr. moodie, take care,' as they called out, he heardthe crackling of branches broken by the elephants as they were burstingthrough the wood, and then tremendous screams, such as we heard thisnight.
immediately afterward four elephants burst out from the jungle,not two hundred yards from where he stood.
being alone on the openground, he knew that if he fired and did not kill, he could have nochance; so he hastily retreated, hoping that the animals would not seehim.
on looking back, however, he perceived, to his dismay, that theywere all in chase of him, and rapidly gaining on him; he thereforeresolved to reserve his fire till the last moment, and, turning towardsome precipitous rocks, hoped to gain them before the elephants couldcome up with him.
but he was still at least fifty paces from the rocks,when he found that the elephants were within half that distance ofhim,--one very large animal, and three smaller,--all in a row, as ifdetermined that he should not escape, snorting so tremendously that hewas quite stunned with the noise."
"that's what i call a very pretty position," observed the major.
"go on,swinton; the affair is becoming a little nervous."
"as his only chance, lieutenant moodie turned round, and leveled his gunat the largest elephant; but unfortunately the powder was damp, and thegun hung fire, till he was in the act of taking it from his shoulder,when it went off, and the ball merely grazed the side of the elephant'shead.
the animal halted for an instant, and then made a furious chargeupon him.
he fell; whether struck down by the elephant's trunk he cannot say.
the elephant then thrust at him as he lay, with his tusk;fortunately it had but one, and more fortunately it missed its mark,plowing up the ground within an inch of mr. moodie's body.
"the animal then caught him up with its trunk by his middle, and dashedhim down between his fore-feet to tread him to death.
once it pressed soheavily on his chest, that all his bones bent under the weight, butsomehow or other, whether from the animal being in a state of alarm, itnever contrived to have its whole weight upon him; for mr. moodie hadnever lost his recollection, and kept twisting his body and his limbs,so as to prevent it from obtaining a direct tread upon him.
while hewas in this state of distress, another officer and a hottentot huntercame up to his assistance, and fired several shots at the animal, whichwas severely wounded, and the other three took to their heels.
at lastthe one which had possession of mr. moodie turned round, and giving him acuff with its fore-feet followed the rest.
mr. moodie got up, picked uphis gun, and staggered away as fast as his aching bones would permithim.
he met his brother, who had just been informed by one of thehottentots, who had seen him under the elephant, that he was killed."
"well, that was an escape," observed wilmot.
"what made it more remarkable was, that he had hardly time to explain tohis brother his miraculous preservation, before he witnessed the deathof one of the hunters, a soldier, who had attracted the notice of alarge male elephant which had been driven out of the jungle.
the fierceanimal gave chase to him, and caught him immediately under the heightwhere mr. moodie and his brother were standing, carried the poor fellowfor some distance on his trunk, then threw him down, and stamping uponhim until he was quite dead, left the body for a short time.
theelephant then returned, as if to make sure of its destruction; for itkneeled down on the body, and kneaded it with his fore-legs; then,rising, it seized it again with its trunk, carried it to the edge of thejungle, and hurled it into the bushes."
i had no idea that there was such danger in an elephant-hunt;yet i must say," continued alexander, "that, although it may appearfoolishness, it only makes me more anxious to have one."
"well, as we advance, you will have no want of opportunity; but it willbe better to get the caffres to join us, which they will with greatdelight."
"why, they have no weapons, except their spears."
"none; but they will attack him with great success, as you will see;they watch their opportunity as he passes, get behind, and drive theirspears into his body until the animal is exhausted from loss of blood,and they are so quick that the elephant seldom is able to destroy oneof them.
they consider the elephant of as high rank as one of theirkings, and it is very laughable to hear them, as they wound him, begpardon of him, and cry out, 'great man, don't be angry; great captain,don't kill us,'""but how is it that they can approach so terrible an animal withoutdestruction?"
"it is because they do approach quite close to him.
an elephant sees butbadly, except straight before him, and he turns with difficulty.
thecaffres are within three feet of his tail or flank when they attack, andthey attack him in the elephant-paths, which are too narrow for theanimal to turn without difficulty; the great risk that they run is fromanother elephant breaking out to the assistance of the one attacked."
"the animals do assist each other, then?"
"yes; there was a remarkable instance of it in the affair of lieutenantmoodie.
i mentioned that it was a large male elephant which killed thesoldier just after mr. moodie's escape.
shortly afterward a shot fromone of the hunters broke the fore-leg of this animal, and prevented himfrom running, and there it stood to be fired at.
the female elephant,which was in the jungle, witnessing the distress of its mate, regardlessof her own danger, immediately rushed out to his assistance, chasingaway the hunters, and walked round and round her mate, constantlyreturning to his side, and caressing him.
when the male attempted towalk, she had the sagacity to place her flank against the wounded side,so as to support him, and help him along.
at last the female received asevere wound, and staggered into the bush, where she fell; and the malewas soon after laid prostrate by the side of the poor soldier whom hehad killed."
"there is something very touching in the last portion of your story,swinton," observed alexander; "it really makes one feel a sort ofrespect for such intelligent and reasoning animals."
"i think the first portion of the story ought to teach you to respectthem also," said the major.
"seriously, however, i quite agree with you;their sagacity, as my indian experience has taught me, iswonderful;--but here comes supper, and i am not sorry for it."
"nor i," replied alexander.
"to-morrow we shall be at the missionarystation, if the guides are correct.
i am very anxious to get there, imust say.
does not the chief of the amakosa tribe live close to themission-house,--hinza, as they call him?"
"yes," replied swinton, "he does, and we must have a present ready forhim, for i think it would be advisable to ask an escort of his warriorsto go with us after we leave the mission."
"yes, it will be quite as well," replied the major, "and then we shallhave some elephant-hunting: but bremen tells me that there are plenty ofhippopotami in the river there, close to the mission."
"water-elephants," replied swinton; "i suppose you will not leave themalone?"
"certainly not if our commander-in-chief will allow us to stop."
"i think your commander-in-chief," replied wilmot, "is just as anxiousto have a day's sport with them as you are, major; so you will certainlyhave his permission."
"i think we ought to put omrah on a horse.
he is a nice light weight fora spare horse, if required."
"not a bad idea," replied alexander.
"what a tiger he would make for acab in the park!"
"more like a monkey," replied the major; "but it is time to go to bed;so, good-night."
the caravan proceeded on the following morning, and by noon they arrivedat the mission station of butterworth, which was about one hundred andforty miles from the colonial boundaries.
this station had only beensettled about three years, but even in that short time it wore an air ofcivilization strongly contrasted with the savage country around it.
themission-house was little better than a large cottage, it is true, andthe church a sort of barn; but it was surrounded by neat caffre huts andgardens full of produce.
on the arrival of the caravan, mr. s., the missionary, came out to meetthe travelers, and to welcome them.
he had been informed that they wouldcall at the station, and bring some articles which had been sent for.
ithardly need be said that, meeting at such a place, and in such acountry, the parties soon became on intimate terms.
mr. s. offered thembeds and accommodation in his house, but our travelers refused; theywere well satisfied with their own; and having unyoked their oxen, andturned them out to graze with those belonging to the station, theyaccepted the missionary's invitation to join his repast.
alexander having stated the object of his expedition, requested theadvice of mr. s. as to his further proceedings, and asked him whether itwould not be advisable to see the caffre king, and make him a present.
this mr. s. strongly advised them to do; and to ask for a party ofcaffres to accompany the caravan, which would not only insure themsafety, but would prove in many respects very useful.
all that would benecessary would be to find them in food and to promise them a present,if they conducted themselves well.
"you are aware," continued he, "thathinza's domain only extends as far as the bashee or st. john's river,and you will have to proceed beyond that; but with some of the caffrewarriors you will have no difficulty, as the tribes further will notonly fear your strength, but also the anger of hinza, should they commitany depredation.
but things, i regret to say, do not look very peaceablejust now."
what is the quarrel, and with whom?"
"hinza has quarreled with a powerful neighboring chief of the name ofvoosani, who reigns over the tambookie tribes, about some cattle, whichare the grand cause of quarrels in these countries, and both parties arepreparing for war.
but whether it will take place is doubtful, as theyare both threatened with a more powerful enemy, and may probably becompelled to unite, in order to defend themselves."
"and who may that be?"
"quetoo, the chief of the amaquibi, is in arms with a large force, andthreatens the other tribes to the northward of us; if he conquers them,he will certainly come down here.
he was formerly one of chaka'sgenerals, and is, like him, renowned for slaughter.
at present he is toofar to the northward to interfere with you, but i should advise you tolose no time in effecting your mission; for should he advance, you willbe compelled to retreat immediately.
i had better send to hinza to-morrowto let him know that strangers have come and wish to see him, that theymay make him a present.
that notice will bring him fast enough; not butthat he well knows you are here, and has known that you have been in hiscountry long ago."
"it will be as well, after the information you have given us," said mr.swinton.
"what is your opinion of the caffres, mr. s., now that you have residedso long with them?"
"they are, for heathens, a fine nation,--bold, frank, and, if any thingis confided to them, scrupulously honest; but cattle-stealing iscertainly not considered a crime among them, although it is punished asone.
speaking as a minister of the gospel, i should say they are themost difficult nation to have any thing to do with that it ever has beenmy lot to visit.
they have no religion whatever; they have no idols; andno idea of the existence of a god.
when i have talked to them about god,their reply is, 'where is he?
show him to me.'"
"but have they no superstitions?"
"they believe in necromancy, and have their conjurers, who do much harm,and are our chief opponents, as we weaken their influence, andconsequently their profits.
if cattle are stolen, they are referred to.
if a chief is sick, they are sent for to know who has bewitched him;they must of course mention some innocent person, who is sacrificedimmediately.
if the country is parched from want of rain, which it sofrequently is, then the conjurers are in great demand: they are sent forto produce rain.
if, after all their pretended mysteries, the rain doesnot fall so as to save their reputation, they give some plausiblereason, generally ending, however, in the sacrifice of some innocentindividual; and thus they go on, making excuses after excuses until therain does fall, and they obtain all the credit of it.
i need hardly saythat these people are our greatest enemies."
"are you satisfied with the success which you have had?"
"yes, i am, when i consider the difficulty to be surmounted.
nothing butthe divine assistance could have produced such effects as have alreadytaken place.
the chiefs are to a man opposed to us."
"because christianity strikes at the root of their sensuality; it wasthe same when it was first preached by our divine master.
the riches ofa caffre consist not only in his cattle, but in the number of his wives,who are all his slaves.
to tell them that polygamy is unlawful andwrong, is therefore almost as much as to tell them that it is not rightto hold a large herd of cattle; and as the chiefs are of course theopulent of the nation, they oppose us.
you observe in caffreland, aselsewhere, it is 'hard for a rich man to enter into the kingdom ofheaven.'
i have asked the chiefs why they will not come to church, andtheir reply has been, 'the great word is calculated to lessen ourpleasures and diminish the number of our wives; to this we can neverconsent,'""but still you say you have made some progress."
"if i have, let it be ascribed to the lord, and not to me and myotherwise useless endeavors; it must be his doing; and without his aidand assistance, the difficulties would have been insurmountable.
it isfor me only to bear in mind the scriptural injunction, 'in the morningsow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thy hand; for thou knowestnot whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they bothshall be alike good.'"
"but have they no idea whatever of a supreme being, either bad or good?
have they no idea, as some of the african tribes have, of the devil?"
"none; and in their language they have no word to express the idea ofthe deity; they swear by their kings of former days as great chiefs,but no more.
now if they had any religion whatever, you might, bypointing out to them the falsity and absurdity of that religion, andputting it in juxtaposition with revealed truth, have some hold upontheir minds; but we have not even that advantage."
"but can not you make an impression upon their minds by referring to thewonders of nature,--by asking them who made the sun and stars?
surelythey might be induced to reflect by such a method."
"i have tried it a hundred times, and they have laughed at me for myfables, as they have termed them.
one of the chiefs told me to hold mytongue, that his people might not think me mad.
the scriptures, indeed,teach us that, without the aid of direct revelation, men are alsowithout excuse if they fail to attain to a certain knowledge of thedeity,--'even his eternal power and god-head,'--by a devoutcontemplation of the visible world, which with all its wonders is spreadout before them as an open volume.
but beyond this, all knowledge of theorigin or manner of creation is derived, not from the deductions ofhuman reasoning, but from the divine testimony; for it is expresslysaid, 'through faith we understand that the worlds were made by the wordof god.'"
"nevertheless you must admit that, among the civilized nations ofeurope, many who deny revelation, and treat the bible as a fable,acknowledge that the world must have been made by a supreme power."
"my dear sir, many affect to deny the truth of revelation out of prideand folly, who still in their consciences can not but believe it.
here,there being no belief in a deity, they will not be persuaded that theworld was made by one.
indeed, we have much to contend with, and perhapsone of the greatest difficulties is in the translation of thescriptures.
i sit down with an interpreter who can not read a singleword, and with perhaps a most erroneous and imperfect knowledge ofdivine things.
we open the sacred volume, and it is first translatedinto barbarous dutch to the caffre interpreter, who then has to tell ushow that dutch is to be put into the caffre language.
now you mayimagine what mistakes may arise.
i have found out lately that i havebeen stating the very contrary to what i would have said.
with thistranslation, i stand up to read a portion of the word of god, for myinterpreter can not read, and hence any slight defect or change in asyllable may give altogether a different sense from what i desire toinculcate."
"that must indeed be a great difficulty, and require a long residenceand full acquaintance with the language to overcome."
"and even then not overcome, for the language has no words to expressabstract ideas; but the lord works after his own way, and at his ownseason."
"you do not then despair of success?"
"god forbid; i should be indeed a most unworthy servant of our divinemaster, if i so far distrusted his power.
no; much good has been alreadydone, as you will perceive when we meet to-morrow to perform divineservice; but there is much more to do, and, with his blessing, will inhis own good time be perfected; but i have duties to attend to whichcall me away for the present; i shall therefore wish you good-night.
atall events, the mission has had one good effect: you are perfectly safefrom caffre violence and caffre robbery.
this homage is paid to it evenby their kings and chiefs."
"i will say, that if we are only to judge by the little we have seen,the mission appears to have done good," observed the major.
"in thefirst place, we are no longer persecuted, as we have been during ourjourney, for presents; and, as you may observe, many of the caffresabout are clothed in european fashions, and those who have nothing buttheir national undress, i may call it, wear it as decently as they can."
"i made the same observation," said alexander.
"i am most anxious forto-morrow, as i wish to see how the caffres behave; and really, when youconsider all the difficulties which mr. s. has mentioned, it iswonderful that he and those who have embraced the same calling shouldpersevere as they do."
"my dear wilmot," replied mr. swinton, "a missionary, even of the mosthumble class, is a person of no ordinary mind; he does not rely uponhimself or upon his own exertions,--he relies not upon others, or uponthe assistance of this world; if he did, he would, as you say, soonabandon his task in despair.
no; he is supported, he is encouraged, heis pressed on by faith--faith in him who never deserts those who trustand believe in him; he knows that, if it is his pleasure, the task willbe easy, but at the same time that it must be at his own good time.
convinced of this, supported by this, encouraged by this, and venturinghis life for this, he toils on, in full assurance that if he failsanother is to succeed,--that if he becomes a martyr, his blood willmoisten the arid soil from which the future seed will spring.
amissionary may be low in birth, low in education, as many are; but hemust be a man of exalted mind,--what in any other pursuit we might terman enthusiast; and in this spreading of the divine word, he meritsrespect for his fervor, his courage, and self-devotion; his willingness,if the lord should so think fit, to accept the crown of martyrdom."
"you are right, swinton; nothing but what you have described could impela man to pass a life of privation and danger among a savagerace--leaving all, and following his master in the true apostolic sense.
well, they will have their reward."
"yes, in heaven, wilmot; not on earth," replied swinton.
the next day, being the sabbath, with the assistance of mahomed, who wasvalet as well as cook to the whole party, they divested themselves oftheir beards, which had not been touched for many days, and dressedthemselves in more suitable apparel than their usual hunting costume,--arespect paid to the sabbath by even the most worldly and mostindifferent on religious points.
the bell of the mission church wastolled, and the natives were seen coming from all directions.
our partywent in, and found mr. s. already there, and that seats had beenprovided for them.
the numbers of natives who were assembled in thechurch were about 200, but many more were at the windows, and sitting bythe open door.
many of them were clothed in some sort of european apparel; those whowere not, drew their krosses close round them, so as to appear morecovered.
a hymn in the caffre language was first sung, and then prayers,after which the litany and responses; the commandments were repeated inthe same language.
mr. s. then read a chapter in the bible, andexplained it to the assembly.
profound silence and quiet attentiongenerally prevailed, although in some few instances there was mockeryfrom those outside.
mr. s. gave the blessing, and the service was ended.
"you have already done much," observed mr. swinton.
"i could hardly havebelieved that a concourse of savages could have been so attentive, andhave behaved with such decorum."
"it certainly is the most difficult point gained,--to command theirattention, i mean," replied mr. s.; "after that, time and patience, withthe assistance of god, will effect the rest."
"do you think that there are many who, if i may use the term, feel theirreligion?"
"yes, many; and prove it by traveling about and sowing the seed.
thereare many who not only are qualified so to do, but are incessantlylaboring to bring their countrymen to god."
"that must be very satisfactory to you."
"it is; but what am i, and the few who labor with me, to the thousandsand thousands who are here in darkness and require our aid?
there arenow but three missions in all caffreland; and there is full employmentfor two hundred, if they could be established.
but you must excuse me, ihave to catechise the children, who are my most promising pupils.
wewill meet again in the evening, for i have to preach at a neighboringvillage.
strange to say, many who doubt and waver will listen to methere; but they appear to think that there is some witchcraft in themission church, or else are afraid to acknowledge to their companionsthat they have been inside of it."
the missionary then left them, and alexander observed--"i don't know how you feel?
but i assure you it has been a greatpleasure to me to have found myself in this humble church, and hearingdivine service in this wild country."
both swinton and major henderson expressed the same opinion.
"i am not afraid of being laughed at," continued alexander, "when i tellyou that i think it most important, wherever we may be during ourtravels, to keep the sabbath holy, by rest and reading the service."
"with pleasure, as far as i am concerned, and i thank you for theproposal," replied swinton.
"and i am equally pleased that you have proposed it, wilmot," said majorhenderson; "even we may be of service to the good cause, if, as we passthrough the land, the natives perceive that we respect the sabbath asthe missionary has requested them to do.
we are white men, andconsidered by them as superior; our example, therefore, may do good."
the evening was passed away very agreeably with mr. s., who wasinexhaustible in his anecdotes of the caffres.
he informed them thathinza intended to call the next morning to receive his presents, andthat he would be interpreter for them if they wished it.
alexander, having thanked the missionary, said, "i think you mentioned,sir, that some of your brother missionaries have their wives with them.
since you have told me so much of the precarious tenure by which youhold your ground here, and i may add your lives, i think that the wivesof the missionaries must have even more to encounter than theirhusbands."
"you are right, sir," replied the missionary; "there is no situation sotrying, so perilous, and i may say, so weary to the mind and body, asthat of a female missionary.
she has to encounter the same perils andthe same hardships as her husband, without having the strength of oursex to support them; and what is more painful than all, she is oftenleft alone in the mission-house, while her husband, who has left her, isproceeding on his duty, at the hourly peril of his life.
there she isalone, and compelled to listen to all the reports and falsehoods whichare circulated; at one moment she is told that her husband has beenmurdered; at another, that he is still alive.
she has no means ofhearing from him, as there is no communication throughout the country;thus is she left in this horrible state of suspense and anxiety, perhapsfor many weeks.
i have a letter from a brother missionary which is in mywriting-desk, wherein the case in point is well portrayed; i will getit, and read that portion to you."
mr. s. went to the other end of theroom, and came back with a letter, from which he read as follows:--"having been detained among those distant tribes for nearly two months,report upon report had been circulated that the interpreters and guides,as well as myself, had all been murdered.
on my arrival within fortymiles of the station, i was informed that all doubt upon the subject hadbeen removed by a party of natives who had passed the mission station,and who pretended an acquaintance with all the particulars of themassacre.
we had been traveling the whole day, and night had come on; iwas most anxious to proceed, that i might relieve the mind of my dearwife, but the earnest remonstrances of my little party, who representedit as certain death to all of us to cross the plains, which wereinfested with lions and other savage beasts who were prowling in everydirection, at length induced me to wait till the next day.
but scarcelyhad day begun to dawn when i sallied forth, without either arms orguide, except a pocket compass, leaving my fellow-travelers to bring onthe wagon as soon as they should arouse from their slumbers.
thisimpatience had, however, well-nigh cost me my life; for having to wadethrough many miles of deep sand with a vertical sun over my head, i hadnot accomplished half the journey before my strength began to fail, andan indescribable thirst was induced.
nevertheless, i reached the missionin safety, and with truly grateful feelings to the preserver of men.
afew minutes prior to my arrival, the wife of one of my brothermissionaries, little imagining that i was at hand and alive, had enteredour dwelling, to apprise my wife of the latest intelligence, confirmingall that had been said before respecting my fate, and to comfort herunder the distressing dispensation.
at this affecting crisis, whileboth were standing in the center of the room, the one relating, theother weeping, i opened the door, bathed in perspiration, covered withdust, and in a state of complete exhaustion.
cried ourfriend; 'is it he--or is it his spirit?'
i must, my dear sir, leave toyour imagination the scene that followed."
"yes, sir," said mr. s., folding up the letter, "a missionary's wife,who follows him into such scenes and such perils and privations, does,indeed, 'cleave to her husband.'"
"indeed she does," replied mr. swinton; "but we will tax you no longer,my dear sir.
on the following day, a little before noon, loud shouts and men dancingand calling out the titles of the king of the caffres announced hisapproach.
these men were a sort of heralds, who invariably preceded himon a visit of ceremony.
a band of warriors armed with their assaguaysand shields, next made their appearance, and then hinza, accompanied byfifty of his chief councilors: with the exception of their long krossesof beast-skins thrown over their shoulders, they were all naked, andeach daubed with grease and red ocher.
as soon as they arrived in frontof the mission-house, they sat down in a circle on each side of thecaffre king, who was treated with marked respect by all, and by thecommon people in particular, who assembled on his presence.
every onewho happened to pass by gave what was termed a 'salute' of honor to theking, who did not appear to consider that it required any acknowledgmenton his part.
our travelers, accompanied by the missionary, advanced into the circle,and saluted his majesty.
mr. s. then explained the object of theirjourney, and their wish that a small party of the king's warriors shouldaccompany them on their expedition.
as soon as the speech was ended, afew pounds of colored beads, a roll of tobacco, two pounds of snuff, andsome yards of scarlet cloth, were laid before his majesty as a present.
hinza nodded his head with approval when the articles were spread beforehim, and then turned to his councilors, with whom he whispered sometime, and then he replied "that the strange white men should passthrough his country without fear, that his warriors should accompanythem as far as they wished to go; but," he added, "do the strangers knowthat there is disorder in the country beyond?"
mr. s. replied that they did, and were anxious to go, and return as soonas possible, on that account.
hinza replied, "it is well; if there is danger, my warriors will letthem know--if it is necessary, they will fight for them--if the enemy istoo strong, the white men must return."
hinza then ordered some of his councilors to take charge of thepresents, and inquired of mr. s. how many warriors they wished to have,and when they wished to go.
the reply was, that fifty warriors would be sufficient, and that theywished to depart on the following morning.
"it is well," replied hinza;"fifty warriors are enough, for my men eat a great deal--they shall beready."
the council then broke up, and the king, having shaken hands with ourtravelers, departed with his train: toward the evening an old cow wassent to them as a present from his majesty.
the hottentots soon cut itup and devoured it.
every thing was now arranged for their immediatedeparture.
the next morning, at break of day, the band of caffre warriors were allin readiness, each with his shield and three assaguays in his hand.
theywere all fine, tall young men, from twenty to thirty years of age.
alexander desired mr. s. to tell them that, if they behaved well andwere faithful, they should every one receive a present when they weredismissed; a notification which appeared to give general satisfaction.
the oxen had already been yoked, and taking leave of the worthymissionary, our travelers mounted their horses and resumed theirjourney.
for the whole day they proceeded along the banks of the kaeriver, which ran its course through alternate glens and hills clothedwith fine timber; and as they were on an eminence, looking down upon theriver, the head caffre warrior, who had, with the others, hung up hisshield at the side of the wagon, and now walked by our travelers withhis assaguay in his hand, pointed out to them, as the sun was settingbehind a hill, two or three large black masses on the further bank ofthe river.
"what are they, and what does he say?"
"sea-cows," replied the interpreter.
we must have a shot at them, wilmot," cried the major.
"to be sure; tell them we will stop and kill one if we can," said wilmotto the interpreter.
"we shall want one to feed our army," said swinton laughing, "or oursheep will soon be devoured."
the caffres were all immediately in motion, running down to the bank ofthe river, about a quarter of a mile distant; they swam across, andthere remained waiting till our travelers should give the word.
the animals lay on a muddy bank, at a turn of the river, like so manyswine asleep, some of them out, and some partly in and partly out of thewater.
as they were huddled together, they looked more like masses ofblack rock than any thing else.
two lay considerably apart from theothers, and it was toward these two that the caffres, who had crossedthe river, crept until they were in the high reeds, but a few yards fromthem.
henderson and wilmot, with some of the hottentots, descended theravine on their side of the river, opposite to where the animals lay,and as soon as they were on the bank, being then within one hundredyards of them, they leveled and fired.
at the report, all the animalsstarted up from their beds as if astonished at the noise, which they hadnot been accustomed to.
three or four instantly plunged into the deepwater, but the others, apparently half asleep, stood for a few seconds,as if not knowing what course to take: two of them were evidentlywounded, as they rushed into the water; for they did not remain below,but rose to the surface immediately, as if in great agony.
they appearedanxious to get out of the water altogether, and tried so to do, butfearing the people on the river's bank, they darted in again.
in themean time, at the first report of the guns, the two which lay apart fromthe others with their heads toward the river, as soon as they rose ontheir legs, were pierced with several assaguays by the concealedcaffres, and plunged into the water with the spears remaining in theirbodies.
these also rose, and floundered like the others; and as theirheads appeared above, they were met with the unerring rifle of the majorand whole volleys from wilmot and the hottentots, till, exhausted fromloss of blood, they floated dead upon the surface.
the caffres waited till the bodies had been borne some hundred yardsdown the stream, that they might not be attacked when in the water bythe remainder of the herd, and then swam off, and pushed the bodies onshore.
this was a very seasonable supply of provisions for so large aband of people; but those who belonged to the caravan were not the onlyparties who benefited: all the caffres of the surrounding hamletshastened to the river, and carried off large quantities of the flesh ofthe animals; there was, however, more than enough for all, and for thewolves and hyenas after they had taken what they chose.
it was so latebefore the animals were cut up, that they decided upon remaining wherethey were that night; for now that they had the caffre warriors withthem, they had no fear as to losing their oxen, the king having statedthat his men should be responsible for them.
large fires were lighted, and the caffres and hottentots, all mingledtogether, were busy roasting, boiling, and frying the flesh of thehippopotamus, and eating it as fast as it was cooked, so that they werecompletely gorged before they lay down to sleep; wilmot had also giventhem a ration of tobacco each, which had added considerably to thedelight of the feast.
"it is not bad eating by any means," said the major, as they were atsupper.
"no; it is something like old veal," replied swinton.
"now, what isomrah about?
he is after some mischief, by the way he creeps along."
"a monkey is a fool to that boy," observed the major, "and he appears toknow how to imitate every animal he has ever heard."
"did you hear the dance he led some of the hottentots on sunday evening,when we were at the mission?"
"no; what was that?"
"bremen told me of it; i thought he would have died with laughing.
youare aware that there is a species of bird here which they call thehoney-bird,--by naturalists, the _cuculus indicator_; do you notremember i showed you a specimen which i was preserving?"
"you have showed us so many specimens, that i really forget."
"well, i should have given you at the same time the natural history ofthe bird.
it is very partial to honey, upon which it lives as much as itcan; but as the bees make their hives in the trunks of old decayedtrees, and the hole they enter by is very small, the bird can not obtainit without assistance.
its instinct induces it to call in the aid ofman, which it does by a peculiar note, like cher-cher-cher, by which itgives notice that it has found out a beehive.
the natives of africa wellknow this, and as soon as the bird flies close to them, giving out thissound, they follow it; the bird leads them on, perching every now andthen, to enable them to keep up with it, until it arrives at the tree,over which it flutters without making any more noise."
"how very curious!"
"little bushman knows this as well as the hottentots, and hearing thatthey were going out in search of honey he went before them into thewood, concealing himself, and imitating the note of the bird so exactly,that the hottentots went on following it for several miles, wonderinghow it was that the bird should lead them such a distance, but unwillingto give up the pursuit.
about sunset, he had brought them back to thevery edge of the wood from whence they had started, when he showedhimself about one hundred yards ahead of them, dancing, capering, andtumbling so like begum, that they thought it was her before them, andnot him.
he gained the caravan again without their knowing who playedthem the trick; but he told swanevelt, who speaks his language, andswanevelt told bremen."
said the major; "well, he is after some trick now, dependupon it."
"he has a great talent for drawing," observed alexander.
"a very great one; i have given him a pencil and occasionally a piece ofpaper, and he draws all the birds, so that i can recognize them; but youmust know that all the bushmen have that talent, and that their cavesare full of the sketches of all sorts of animals, remarkablycharacteristic.
the organ of imitation is very strongly developed in thebushmen, which accounts for their talents as draftsmen, and omrah'sremarkable imitative powers."
"do you then believe in phrenology, swinton!"
"i neither believe nor disbelieve in that and many more moderndiscoveries of the same kind; i do not think it right to reject them orto give blind credence.
not a day passes but some discovery excites ourwonder and admiration, and points out to us how little we do know.
thegreat fault is, that when people have made a discovery to a certainextent, they build upon it, as if all their premises were correct;whereas, they have, in fact, only obtained a mere glimmering to lightthem to a path which may some future day lead to knowledge.
that thegeneral principles of phrenology are correct maybe fairly assumed, fromthe examination of the skulls of men and animals, and of different men;but i give no credence to all the divisions and subdivisions which have,in my opinion, been most presumptuously marked out by those who profess,and of course fully believe, the full extent of these supposeddiscoveries."
"i make the same reply; there is _something_ in it, that is certain, butnothing yet sufficiently known to warrant any specific conclusion to bedrawn."
"there is a great deal of humbug in it," said the major.
"so there is in all sciences; when truth fails them and they are atfault, they fill up the hiatus with supposition; which is, as you termit, humbug."
"well, i vote that we return to our wagons; every body appears fastasleep except us three."
such was not, however, the case; for they had not been half an hour ontheir mattresses, before they were awakened by loud cries of "help,"which made them seize the irguns and jump out of the wagons withoutwaiting for their clothes.
the hottentots and caffres were so full of hippopotamus flesh, that thenoise did not awake but a small portion of them, and these only turnedround and stared about without getting up, with the exception of bremen,who was on his feet and, with his gun in his hand, running in thedirection of the cries.
he was followed by our travelers, and they sooncame up with the object of their search, which proved to be no otherthan big adam, the hottentot; and as soon as they perceived hiscondition, which they could do by the light of the fires still burning,they all burst out laughing so excessively that they could not help him.
that it was the work of little omrah there was no doubt, for big adamhad not forgotten the former trick the boy had played him, and had morethan once, when he caught the boy, given him a good cuffing.
big adamwas on the ground, dragged away by two of the largest dogs.
omrah hadtaken the bones he could find with most flesh upon them belonging to thehippopotamus, and had tied them with leathern thongs to the great toesof big adam as he lay snoring after his unusual repast.
he had thenwaited till all were asleep, and had let loose the two largest dogs,which were always tied with the others under the wagons, and notover-fed, to make them more watchful.
the dogs had prowled about for food, and had fallen in with these largebones, which they immediately seized, and were dragging away, that theymight make their repast without interruption; but in attempting to dragaway the bones, they had dragged big adam some yards by his great toes,and the pain and fright--for the hottentot thought they were hyenas orwolves--had caused him thus to scream for help.
bremen divided thethongs with his knife, and the dogs ran off growling with the bones, andadam stood again upon his feet, still so much terrified as not to beable to comprehend the trick which had been played him.
our travelers,having indulged their mirth, retired once more to their resting-places.
the major found omrah and begum both in their corners of the wagon, theformer pretending to be fast asleep, while the latter was chattering andswearing at the unusual disturbance.
at daylight next morning they resumed their journey.
big adam walkedrather stiff, and looked very sulky.
omrah had perched himself on a tiltof the baggage-wagon with begum, and was quite out of the hottentot'sreach; for bremen had told the others what had happened, and there hadbeen a general laugh against big adam, who vowed vengeance againstlittle omrah.
the country was now very beautiful and fertile, and thecaffre hamlets were to be seen in all directions.
except visits from thecaffres, who behaved with great decorum when they perceived that thecaravan was escorted by the king's warriors, and who supplied themnearly every day with a bullock for the use of the people, no adventureoccurred for four days, when they crossed the bashee or st. john'sriver, to which the territories of hinza extended; but although thetribes beyond did not acknowledge his authority, they respected thelarge force of the caravan, and were much pleased at receiving smallpresents of tobacco and snuff.
milk, in baskets, was constantly brought in by the women; for thecaffres weave baskets of so close a texture, that they hold any liquid,and are the only utensil used for that purpose.
at the bashee river,after they had passed the ford, they remained one day to hunt thehippopotami, and were successful; only major henderson, who was notcontent to hunt during the day, but went out at night, had a narrowescape.
he was in one of the paths, and had wounded a female, and wasstanding, watching the rising to the surface of the wounded animal, forit was bright moonlight, when the male, which happened to be feeding onthe bank above, hearing the cry of the female, rushed right down thepath upon the major.
fortunately for him, the huge carcass of the animalgave it such an ungovernable degree of velocity, as to prevent itturning to the right hand or left.
it passed within a yard of the major,sweeping the bushes and underwood, so as to throw him down as it passed.
the major got up again, it may be truly said, more frightened than hurt;but at all events he had had enough of hippopotamus-hunting for thatnight, for he recovered his gun, and walked back to the wagon, thankingheaven for his providential escape.
the next morning, swanevelt and bremen went down the banks of the river,and discovered the body of the hippopotamus, which they dragged onshore, and, returning to the wagons, sent the caffres to cut it up; butbefore the caffres belonging to the caravan could arrive there, theyfound that the work had been done for them by the natives, and thatnothing was left but the bones of the animal; but this is alwaysconsidered fair in the caffre-land; every one helps himself when anelephant or other large animal is killed, although he may have had nohand in its destruction.
the number of elephant-paths now showed themthat they were surrounded by these animals, and the caffres of thecountry said that there were large herds close to them.
it was therefore proposed by the major, that they should have a grandelephant-hunt, at which all the caffres of their own party and thenatives of the country should assist.
this proposal was joyfullyreceived by all, especially the natives, who were delighted at such anopportunity of having the assistance of the white men's guns; and thenext day was appointed for the sport.
by the advice of the natives, thecaravan proceeded some miles down to the eastward, to the borders of avery thick forest, where they stated that the elephants were to befound.
they arrived at the spot in the afternoon, and every one was busy inmaking preparations for the following day.
the hottentots, who had beenused to the sport, told long stories to those who had not, and, amongthe rest, big adam spoke much of his prowess and dexterity.
uncommonlylarge fires were lighted that night, for fear that the elephants shouldbreak into the camp.
all night their cries were to be heard in theforest, and occasionally the breaking of the branches of the treesproved that they were close to the caravan.
begum, who was particularlyalive to danger, crept to major henderson's bed, and would remain thereall night, although he several times tried to drive her away.
notwithstanding continued alarms, the caravan was, however, unmolested.
at daylight the following morning, there was a large concourse ofcaffres in the camp, all waiting till our travelers were ready for thesport.
having made a hasty breakfast, they, by the advice of thecaffres, did not mount their horses, but started on foot, as the caffresstated that the elephants were on the side of the hill.
ascending by anelephant-path, in less than half an hour they arrived at the top of thehill, when a grand and magnificent panorama was spread before them.
fromthe crown of the hill they looked down upon a valley studded with clumpsof trees, which divided the cleared ground, and the whole face of thevalley was covered with elephants.
there could not have been less thannine hundred at one time within the scope of their vision.
every height, every green knoll, was dotted with groups of six or seven,some of their vast bodies partly concealed by the trees upon which theywere browsing, others walking in the open plain, bearing in their trunksa long branch of a tree, with which they evidently protected themselvesfrom the flies.
the huge bodies of the animals, with the correspondingmagnitude of the large timber-trees which surrounded them, gave an ideaof nature on her grandest scale.
after a few minutes' survey, they turned to the party who werecollected behind them, and gave notice that they were to commenceimmediately.
the head men of the caffres gave their orders, and thebands of natives moved silently away in every direction, checking anynoise from the dogs, which they had brought with them in numerous packs.
our travelers were to leeward of the herd on the hill where they stood,and as it was the intention of the natives to drive the animals towardthem, the caffre warriors as well as the hottentots all took uppositions on the hill ready to attack the animals as they were driventhat way.
about an hour passed away, when the signal was given by some of thenative caffres, who had gained the side of the valley to westward of theelephants.
perched up at various high spots, they shouted withstentorian lungs, and their shouts were answered by the rest of thecaffres on every side of the valley, so that the elephants foundthemselves encompassed on all sides, except on that where the hill rosefrom the valley.
as the caffres closed in, their shouts reverberatingfrom the rocks, and mixed up with the savage howlings of the dogs,became tremendous; and the elephants, alarmed, started first to one sideof the valley, then to the other, hastily retreating from the clamorimmediately raised as they approached, shaking their long ears andtrumpeting loudly, as with uplifted trunks they trotted to and fro.
at last, finding no other avenue of escape, the herd commenced theascent of the hill, cracking the branches and boughs, and rolling theloose stones down into the valleys, as they made their ascent, and nowadding their own horrid shrieks to the din which had been previouslycreated.
on they came, bearing every thing down before them, carryinghavoc in their rage to such an extent, that the forest appeared to bowdown before them; while large masses of loose rock leaped and boundedand thundered down into the valley, raising clouds of dust in theirpassage.
"this is tremendously grand," whispered alexander to the major.
"it is most awfully so; i would not have missed the sight for anything; but here they come--look at that tall tree borne down by theweight of the whole mass."
"see the great bull leader," said swinton; "let us all fire uponhim--what a monster!"
"look out," said the major, whose rifle was discharged as he spoke, andwas quickly followed by those of alexander and swinton.
"he's down; be quick and load again.
omrah, give me the other rifle."
was how cried on all sides, for the fall of theleading elephant and the volleys of musketry from the hottentots had sofrightened the herd, that they had begun to separate and break off twoor three together, or singly in every direction.
the shrieks andtrumpetings, and the crashing of the boughs so near to them, were nowdeafening; and the danger was equally great.
the major had but justleveled his other rifle when the dense foliage close to him opened as ifby magic, and the head of a large female presented itself within fouryards of him.
fortunately, the major was a man of great nerve, and his rifle broughther down at his feet, when so near to him that he was compelled to leapaway out of the reach of her trunk, for she was not yet dead.
anothersmaller elephant followed so close, that it tumbled over the carcass ofthe first, and was shot by alexander as it was recovering its legs.
"back, sirs, or you will be killed," cried bremen, running to them;"this way--the whole herd is coming right upon you."
they ran for theirlives, following the hottentot, who brought them to a high rock whichthe elephants could not climb, and where they were safe.
they had hardly gained it when the mass came forward in a cloud of dust,and with a noise almost inconceivable, scrambling and rolling to and froas they passed on in a close-wedged body.
many were wounded andtottering, and as they were left behind, the caffres, naked, with theirassaguays in their hands, leaping forward and hiding, as required,running with the greatest activity close up to the rear of the animals,either pierced them with their assaguays, or hamstrung them with theirsharp-cutting weapons, crying out in their own tongue to the elephants,"great captain!
don't kill us--don't tread upon us, mightychief!"
--supplicating, strangely enough, the mercy of those to whom theywere showing none.
as it was almost impossible to fire without a chanceof hitting a caffre, our travelers contented themselves with looking on,till the whole herd had passed by, and had disappeared in the junglebelow.
"they have gone right in the direction of the wagons," said swinton.
"yes, sir," replied the hottentot, bremen; "but we must not interferewith them any more; they are now so scattered in the jungle, that itwould be dangerous.
we must let them go away as fast as they can."
they remained for a few minutes more, till every elephant and caffre haddisappeared, and then went back cautiously to the spot from whence theyhad first fired, and where they had such a fine prospect of the valley.
not an elephant was to be seen in it; nothing but the ravages which theherd had committed upon the trees, many of which, of a very large size,had been borne to the ground by the enormous strength of these animals.
they then proceeded to the spot where the great bull elephant had fallenby the rifle of major henderson.
they found that the ball had entered just under the eye.
it was amonster that must have stood sixteen feet high by bremen's calculation,and it had two very fine tusks.
while they were standing by the carcassof the animal, the armed hottentots returned from the pursuit, andstated that seven elephants had been dispatched, and others were sowounded that they could not live.
they now set to work to take the teethout of the animal, and were very busy, when a hottentot came running up,and reported that the herd of elephants in their retreat had dashedthrough the camp, and done a good deal of mischief; that a male elephanthad charged the wagon of major henderson, and had forced his tuskthrough the side; that the tusk had pierced one of the casks of liquor,which was running out, although not very fast, and that the wagon mustbe unloaded to get out the cask and save the rest of the liquor.
several hottentots immediately hurried back with him to help inunloading the wagon, and by degrees they all slipped away except bremen,swanevelt, who was cutting out the tusks, and omrah, who remainedperched upon the huge carcass of the animal, imitating the trumpetingand motions of the elephant, and playing all sorts of antics.
a party ofcaffres soon afterward came up and commenced cutting up the carcass, andthen our travelers walked away in the direction of the camp, toascertain what mischief had been done.
on their return, which, as they stopped occasionally to examine theother animals that had fallen, must have taken an hour, they found thatthe hottentots had not commenced unloading the wagon; although they hadput tubs to catch the running liquor, of which they had taken so large aquantity that some were staggering about, and the rest lying down in astate of senseless intoxication.
"i thought they were very officious in going back to assist," observedthe major; "a pretty mess we should be in, if we were in an enemy'scountry, and without our caffre guard."
"yes, indeed," replied alexander, turning over the tub of liquor, andspilling it on the ground, much to the sorrow of the hottentots who werenot yet insensible: "however, we will now let the cask run out, andwatch that they get no more."
as the caffres were busy with the carcasses of the elephants, and mostof the hottentots dead drunk, it was useless to think of proceedinguntil the following day.
indeed, the oxen and horses were all scatteredin every direction by the elephants breaking into the caravan, and itwould be necessary to collect them, which would require some time.
ourtravelers, therefore, gave up the idea of proceeding further that day,and taking their guns, walked on to the forest, in the direction wheremost of the elephants killed had fallen.
they passed by three carcasses,upon which the caffres were busily employed, and then they came to afourth, when a sight presented itself which quite moved their sympathy.
it was the carcass of a full-grown female, and close to it was anelephant calf, about three feet and a half high, standing by the side ofits dead mother.
the poor little animal ran round and round the body with everydemonstration of grief, piping sorrowfully, and trying in vain to raiseit up with its tiny trunk.
when our travelers arrived, it ran up tothem, entwining its little proboscis round their legs, and showing itsdelight at finding somebody.
on the trees round the carcass were percheda number of vultures, waiting to make a meal of the remains, as soon asthe hunters had cut it up, for their beaks could not penetrate the toughhide.
our travelers remained there for more than an hour, watching themotions and playing with the young elephant, which made several attemptsto induce its prostrate mother to take notice of it.
finding, however,that all its efforts were ineffectual, when our travelers quitted thespot to go back, it voluntarily followed them to the caravans, where itremained, probably quite as much astonished to find all the hottentotslying about as insensible as its mother.
it may be as well here to observe, that the little animal did not livebeyond a very few days after, from want of its necessary food.
in the evening, bremen and swanevelt returned with tusks of the bullelephant, which were very large, and the caffre warriors also came in;the other caffres belonging to the country were too busy eating for thepresent.
the chief of the caffre warriors brought in the tufts of theother elephant's tails and the teeth, and the men were loaded with theflesh.
as soon as the caffres found that the oxen and horses had beenfrightened away, and perceived that the hottentots were not in asituation to go after them, they threw down their meat and went inpursuit.
before dark the cattle were all brought back; the fires werelighted, and the caffres did not give over their repast until nearmidnight.
our travelers did not think it advisable, as the hottentots were now noprotection, to go to bed; they made up a large fire, and remained by it,talking over the adventures of the day.
while they were conversing,begum, who had been sitting by her master, showed signs of uneasiness,and at last clung round the major with an evident strong fear.
"why, what can be the matter with the princess?"
said the major;"something has frightened her."
"yes, that is evident; perhaps there is an elephant near; shall we wakenbremen and swanevelt, who are close to us?"
begum chattered, and her teeth also chattered with fear, as she clungcloser and closer.
little omrah, who was sitting by, looked veryearnestly at the baboon, and at last touching the shoulder of alexanderto attract his attention, he first pointed to the baboon, imitating itsfright, and then going on his hands and feet, imitated the motions andgrowl of an animal.
"i understand," cried the major, seizing his gun; "the lad means thatthere is a lion near, and that is what frightens the baboon."
said the major to omrah.
but omrah did not understand him; but pulling out his paper and pencil,in a second almost he drew the form of a lion.
"clever little fellow!
wake them all, and get your guns ready," said themajor, starting on his legs; "it can't be far off; confound the monkey,she won't let go," continued he, tearing off begum and throwing heraway.
begum immediately scampered to the wagon and hid herself.
they had just awakened up the two hottentots, when a roar was given soloud and tremendous, that it appeared like thunder, and was reverberatedfrom the rocks opposite for some seconds.
no one but those who have been in the country, and have fallen in withthis animal in its wild and savage state, can have any idea of theappalling effect of a lion's roar.
what is heard in a menagerie is weak,and can give but a faint conception of it.
in the darkness of the nightit is almost impossible to tell from what quarter the sound proceeds;this arises from the habit which the animal has of placing his mouthclose to the ground when he roars, so that his voice rolls over theearth, as it were like a breaker, and the sound is carried along withall its tremendous force.
it is indeed a most awful note of preparation,and so thought alexander, who had never heard one before.
the caffres had wakened up at the noise, and our travelers and thehottentots now fired their guns off in every direction to scare away theanimal.
repeated discharges had this effect, and in the course of halfan hour every thing was again quiet.
"well," observed alexander, "this is the first time that i ever heardthe roar of a lion in its wild state; and i can assure you that i shallnever forget it as long as i live."
"it is not the first time i have heard it," replied the major; "but imust say, what with the darkness and stillness of the night, and thereverberation, i never heard it so awful before.
but you, swinton, whohave traveled in the namaqua-land, have, of course."
"yes, i have, but very seldom."
"but it is rather singular that we have not heard the lion before this,is it not?"
"the lion is often near without giving you notice," replied swinton;"but i do not think that there are many lions in the country we havetraversed; it is too populous.
on the other side of the mountains, if wereturn that way, we shall find them in plenty.
wherever the antelopesare in herds, wherever you find the wild horse, zebra, and giraffe, youwill as certainly find the lion, for he preys upon them."
"i know very well, swinton, that you are closely attentive to thepeculiar habits of animals, and that they form a portion of your study.
have you much knowledge of the lion?
and if so, suppose you tell ussomething about them."
"i have certainly studied the habits of the lion, and what i havegathered from my own observation and the information i received fromothers, i shall be most happy to communicate.
the lion undoubtedly doesnot kill wantonly--of that i have had repeated instances.
i recollectone which is rather remarkable, as it showed the sagacity of the noblebrute.
a man who belonged to one of the mission stations, on his returnhome from a visit to his friends, took a circuitous route to pass a poolof water, at which he hoped to kill an antelope.
the sun had risen tosome height when he arrived there, and as he could not perceive anygame, he laid his gun down on a low shelving rock, the back part ofwhich was covered with some brushwood.
he went down to the pool and hada hearty drink, returned to the rock, and after smoking his pipe,feeling weary, he lay down and fell fast asleep.
"in a short time, the excessive heat reflected from the rock awoke him,and opening his eyes he perceived a large lion about a yard from hisfeet, crouched down, with his eyes glaring on his face.
for some minuteshe remained motionless with fright, expecting every moment that he wouldbe in the jaws of the monster; at last he recovered his presence ofmind, and casting his eye toward his gun, moved his hand slowly towardit; upon which the lion raised up his head and gave a tremendous roarwhich induced him hastily to withdraw his hand.
with this the lionappeared satisfied, and crouched with his head between his fore-paws asbefore.
after a little while the man made another attempt to possesshimself of his gun.
the lion raised his head and gave another roar, andthe man desisted; another and another attempt were at intervals made,but always with the same anger shown on the part of the lion."
"why, the lion must have known what he wanted the gun for."
"most certainly he did, and therefore would not allow the man to touchit.
it is to be presumed that the sagacious creature had been fired atbefore; but you observe, that he did not wish to harm the man.
heappeared to say--you are in my power; you shall not go away: you shallnot take your musket to shoot me with, or i will tear you to pieces."
"it certainly was very curious.
pray how did it end?"
"why the heat of the sun on the rock was so overpowering, that the manwas in great agony; his naked feet were so burned, that he wascompelled to keep moving them, placing one upon the other and changingthem every minute.
the day passed, and the night also; the lion nevermoved from the spot.
the sun rose again, and the heat became so intensethat the poor man's feet were past all feeling.
at noon, on that day,the lion rose and walked to the pool, which was only a few yardsdistant, looking behind him every moment to see if the man moved; theman once more attempted to reach his gun, and the lion, perceiving it,turned in rage, and was on the point of springing upon him; the manwithdrew his hand, and the beast was pacified."
"how very strange!"
"the animal went to the water and drank; it then returned and lay downat the same place as before, about a yard from the man's feet.
anothernight passed away, and the lion kept at his post.
the next day, in theforenoon, the animal again went to the water, and while there looked asif he heard a noise in an opposite quarter, and then disappeared in thebushes.
"perceiving this, the man made an effort, and seized his gun, but inattempting to rise he found it not in his power, as the strength of hisankles was gone.
with his gun in his hand, he crept to the pool anddrank, and, looking at his feet, he discovered that his toes had beenquite roasted and the skin torn off as he crawled through the grass.
hesat at the pool for a few minutes expecting the lion's return, andresolved to send the contents of his gun through his head; but the liondid not return, so the poor fellow tied his gun on his back and crawledaway on his hands and knees as well as he could.
he was quite exhausted,and could have proceeded no further, when providentially a person fellin with him and assisted him home; but he lost his toes, and was acripple for life."
"what makes this story more remarkable is," observed the major, "thatthe lion, as it is rational to suppose, must have been hungry afterwatching the man for sixty hours, even admitting that he had taken ameal but a short time before."
"i know many other curious and well-authenticated anecdotes about thisnoble animal," observed swinton, "which i shall be happy to give you;but i must look at my memorandum-book, or i may not be quite correct inmy story.
one fact is very remarkable, and as i had it from mr. ----, themissionary, who stated that he had several times observed it himself, ihave no hesitation in vouching for its correctness, the more so, as idid once perceive a similar fact myself; it is, that the fifthcommandment is observed by lions--they honor their father and mother.
"if an old lion is in company with his children, as the natives callthem, although they are in size equal to himself, or if a number oflions meet together in quest of game, there is always one who isadmitted by them to be the oldest and ablest, and who leads.
if the gameis come up with, it is this one who creeps up to it, and seizes it,while the others lie crouched upon the grass; if the old lion issuccessful, which he generally is, he retires from his victim, and liesdown to breathe himself and rest for perhaps a quarter of an hour.
theothers in the meantime draw round and lie down at a respectful distance,but never presume to go near the animal which the old lion has killed.
as soon as the old lion considers himself sufficiently rested, he goesup to the prey and commences at the breast and stomach, and after eatinga considerable portion he will take a second rest, none of the otherspresuming to move.
"having made a second repast, he then retires; the other lions watch hismotions, and all rush to the remainder of the carcass, which is soondevoured.
i said that i witnessed an instance myself in corroboration ofthis statement, which i will now mention.
i was sitting on a rock aftercollecting some plants, when below me i saw a young lion seize anantelope; he had his paw upon the dead animal, when the old lion cameup,--upon which the young one immediately retired till his superior haddined first, and then came in for the remainder.
mercy on us!
"i thought it was the lion again," said alexander, "but it is thunder;we are about to have a storm."
"yes, and a fierce one too," said the major; "i am afraid that we mustbreak up our party and retire under cover.
we have some large drops ofrain already."
a flash of lightning now dazzled them, and was followed by another, andan instantaneous peal of thunder.
"there is no mistake in this," said swinton; "and i can tell you that weshall have it upon us in less than a minute, so i am for my wagon."
"at all events it will wash these hottentots sober," observed the major,as they all walked away to their separate wagons for shelter.
they had scarcely gained the wagons before the thunder and lightningbecame incessant, and so loud as to be deafening.
it appeared as if theywere in the very center of the contending elements, and the wind roseand blew with terrific force, while the rain poured down as if theflood-gates of heaven were indeed opened.
the lightning was so vivid,that for the second that it lasted you could see the country round tothe horizon almost as clear as day; the next moment all was terrificgloom accompanied by the stunning reports of the thunder, which causedevery article in the wagons, and the wagons themselves, to vibrate fromthe concussion.
a large tree, not fifty yards from the caravan, wasstruck by the lightning, and came down with an appalling crash.
thecaffres had all roused up, and had sheltered themselves under thewagons.
the hottentots had also begun to move, but had not yet recovered theirsenses--indeed, they were again stupefied by the clamor of the elements.
the storm lasted about an hour, and then as suddenly cleared up again;the stars again made their appearance in the sky above, and the redtinge of the horizon announced the approach of daylight.
when the stormceased, our travelers, who had not taken off their clothes, came outfrom their shelter, and met each other by the side of the extinguishedfire.
"well," said alexander, "i have been made wise on two points thisnight; i now know what an african storm is, and also the roar of anafrican lion.
have you heard if there is any mischief done, bremen?"
continued alexander to the hottentot, who stood by.
"no, sir; but i am afraid it will take us a long while to collect thecattle; they will be dispersed in all directions, and we may have lostsome of them.
it will soon be daylight, and then we must set off afterthem."
"are those fellows quite sober now?"
"yes, sir," replied bremen, laughing; "water has washed all the liquorout of them."
"well, you may tell them, as a punishment, i shall stop their tobaccofor a week."
"better not now, sir," said bremen, thoughtfully; "the men don't like togo further up the country, and they may be troublesome."
"i think so too," said swinton; "you must recollect that the cask wasrunning out, and the temptation was too strong.
i should overlook itthis time.
give them a severe reprimand, and let them off."
"i believe it will be the best way," replied alexander; "not that i feartheir refusing to go on, for if they do, i will dismiss them, and go onwith the caffres; they dare not go back by themselves, that is certain."
"sir," said bremen, "that is very true; but you must not trust thecaffres too much--caffres always try to get guns and ammunition: caffreking, hinza, very glad to get the wagons and what is in them: make himrich man, and powerful man, with so many guns.
caffre king will not robin his own country, because he is afraid of the english; but if thewagon's robbed, and you are killed in this country, which is not his,then he make excuses, and say, 'i know nothing about it,' say that theirpeople do it, not his people."
"bremen talks very sensibly," said the major; "we must keep thehottentots as a check to the caffres, and the caffres as a check to thehottentots."
"that is our policy, depend upon it," replied swinton.
"you are right, and we will do so; but the day is breaking; so?
bremen,collect the people together to search for the cattle; and, omrah, tellmahomed to come here."
"by the by, swinton," said major henderson, "those elephants' tuskslying by the wagon remind me of a question i want to put to you:--inceylon, where i have often hunted the elephant, they have no tusks; andin india the tusks are not common, and in general very small.
how do youaccount for this variety?"
"it has been observed before; and it is but a fair surmise, thatprovidence, ever attentive to the wants of the meanest animals, hasfurnished such large tusks to the african elephant for the necessitywhich requires them.
in ceylon there is plenty of grass, and an abundantsupply of water all the year round; and further, in ceylon, the elephanthas no enemy to defend himself against.
here, in africa, the rivers areperiodical torrents, which dry up, and the only means which an elephanthas of obtaining water during the dry season is to dig with his tusksinto the bed of the river, till he finds the water, which he draws upwith his trunk.
moreover, he has to defend himself against therhinoceros, which is a formidable antagonist, and often victorious.
herequires tusks also for his food in this country, for the elephant digsup the mimosa here with his tusks, that he may feed upon the succulentroots of the tree.
indeed, an elephant in africa without his tusks couldnot well exist."
"thank you for your explanation, which appears very satisfactory andconclusive; and now let us go to breakfast, for mahomed, i perceive, isready, and omrah has displayed our teacups, and is very busy blowinginto the spout of the teapot, a bushman way of ascertaining if it isstopped up.
however, we must not expect to make a london footman out ofa 'child of the desert.'"
"where is his adversary and antagonist, the valiant big adam?"
"he was among those who indulged in the liquor yesterday afternoon, andi believe was worse than any one of them.
the little bushman did notfail to take advantage of his defenseless state, and has been torturinghim in every way he could imagine during the whole night.
i saw himpouring water into the hottentot's mouth as he lay on his back with hismouth wide open, till he nearly choked him.
to get it down faster, omrahhad taken the big tin funnel, and had inserted one end into his mouth,which he filled till the water ran out; after that he was trying what hecould do with fire, for he began putting hot embers between big adam'stoes; i dare say the fellow can not walk to-day."
"i fear that some day he will kill omrah, or do him some serious injury;the boy must be cautioned," said alexander.
"i am afraid it will be of no use, and omrah must take his chance: he isaware of big adam's enmity as well as you are, and is always on hisguard; but as for persuading him to leave off his tricks, or toreconcile them to each other, it is impossible," said swinton--"youdon't know a bushman."
"then pray tell us something about them," said the major, "as soon asyou have finished that elephant-steak, which you appear to approve of.
of what race are the bushmen?"
"i will tell you when i have finished my breakfast," replied swinton,"and not before: if i begin to talk, you will eat all the steak, andthat won't do."
"i suspect that we shall not leave this to-day," said alexander.
"if, asbremen says, the cattle have strayed very far, it will be too late to goin the afternoon, and to-morrow you recollect is sunday, and that, wehave agreed, shall be kept as it ought to be."
"very true," said the major; "then we must make swinton entertain us bytelling us more about the lions, for he had not finished when the stormcame on."
"no," replied swinton; "i had a great deal more to say, and i shall bevery happy at any seasonable time, major, to tell you what i know--butnot just now."
"my dear fellow," said the major, putting another piece ofelephant-steak upon swinton's plate, "pray don't entertain the idea thati want you to talk on purpose that i may eat your share and my own too;only ascribe my impatience to the true cause--the delight i have inreceiving instruction and amusement from you."
"well, swinton, you have extorted a compliment from the major."
"yes, and an extra allowance of steak, which is a better thing," repliedswinton, laughing.
"now i have finished my breakfast, i will tell what iknow about omrah's people.
"the bushmen are originally a hottentot race--of that i think there islittle doubt; but i believe they are a race of people produced bycircumstances, if i may use the expression.
the hottentot on the plainslives a nomad life, pasturing and living upon his herds.
the bushman maybe considered as the hottentot driven out of his fertile plains,deprived of his cattle, and compelled to resort to the hills for hissafety and subsistence--in short, a hill hottentot: impelled by hungerand by injuries, he has committed depredations upon the property ofothers until he has had a mark set upon him; his hand has been againstevery man, and he has been hunted like a wild beast, and compelled tohide himself in the caves of almost inaccessible rocks and hills.
"thus, generation after generation, he has suffered privation andhunger, till the race has dwindled down to the small size which it is atpresent.
unable to contend against force, his only weapons have been hiscunning and his poisoned arrows, and with them he has obtained hislivelihood--or rather, it may be said, has contrived to support life,and no more.
there are, however, many races mixed up with the bushmen;for runaway slaves, brought from madagascar, malays, and even those ofthe mixed white breed, when they have committed murder or other penalcrimes, have added to the race and incorporated themselves with them;they are called the children of the desert, and they are literallysuch."
"have you seen much of them?"
"yes, when i was in the namaqua-land and in the bechuana territory i sawa great deal of them.
i do not think that they are insensible tokindness, and moreover, i believe that they may often be trusted; butyou run a great risk."
"have they ever shown any gratitude?"
"yes; when i have killed game for them, they have followed me onpurpose to show me the pools of waters without which we should havesuffered severely, if we had not perished.
we were talking about lions;it is an old-received opinion, that the jackal is the lion's provider;it would be a more correct one to say that the lion is the bushman'sprovider."
"i once asked a bushman, 'how do you live?'
his reply was, 'i live by thelions.'
i asked him to explain to me.
he said, 'i will show what i do: ilet the lions follow the game and kill it and eat till they have theirbellies full, then i go up to where the lion is sitting down by thecarcass, and i go pretty near to him; i cry out, what have you gotthere, can not you spare me some of it?
go away and let me have somemeat, or i'll do you some harm.
then i dance and jump about and shake myskin-dress, and the lion looks at me, and he turns round and walks away;he growls very much, but he don't stay, and then i eat the rest.'"
"and is that true?"
"yes, i believe it, as i have had it confessed by many others.
the factis, the lion is only dangerous when he is hungry--that is, if he is notattacked; and if, as the bushman said, the lion has eaten sufficiently,probably not wishing to be disturbed, after his repast, by the presenceand shouts of the bushman, the animal retires to some other spot.
i wasinformed that a very short time afterward, this bushman, who told mewhat i have detailed to you, was killed by a lioness, when attempting todrive it away from its prey by shouting as he was used to do.
the factwas, that he perceived a lioness devouring a wild horse, and went up toher as usual; but he did not observe that she had her whelps with her:he shouted; she growled savagely, and before he had time to retreat, shesprang upon him and tore him to pieces."
"the lion does not prey upon men, then, although he destroys them?"
"not generally; but the namaqua people told me that, if a lion oncetakes a fancy to men's flesh--and they do, after they have in theirhunger devoured one or two--they become doubly dangerous, as they willleave all other game and hunt man only; but this i can not vouch forbeing the truth, although it is very probable."
"if we judge from analogy, it is," replied the major.
"the bengal tigersin india, it is well known, if they once taste human flesh, prefer it toall other, and they are well known to the natives, who term themman-eaters.
strange to say, it appears that human flesh is not wholesomefor them; for their skins become mangy after they have taken to eatingthat alone.
i have shot a 'man-eater' from the back of an elephant, andi found that the skin was not worth taking."
"the namaquas," replied swinton, "told me that a lion, once enamored ofhuman flesh, would, in order to obtain it so far overcome his caution,that he would leap through a fire to seize a man.
i once went to visit anamaqua chief, who had been severely wounded by a lion of thisdescription--a man-eater, as the major terms them,--and he gave me thefollowing dreadful narrative, which certainly corroborates what theyassert of the lion who had once taken a fancy to human flesh.
"the chief told me that he had gone out with a party of his men to hunt:they had guns, bows and arrows, and assaguays.
on the first day, as theywere pursuing an elephant, they came across some lions, who attackedthem and they were obliged to save their lives by abandoning a horse,which the lions devoured.
they then made hiding-places of thick bushesby a pool, where they knew the elephant and rhinoceros would come todrink.
"as they fired at a rhinoceros, a lion leaped into their inclosure, tookup one of the men in his mouth and carried him off, and all that theyafterward could find of him the next day was one of the bones of hisleg.
the next night, as they were sitting by a fire inside of theirinclosure of bushes, a lion came, seized one of the men, dragged himthrough the fire, and tore out his back.
one of the party fired, butmissed; upon which, the lion, dropping his dying victim, growled at themen across the fire, and they durst not repeat the shot; the lion thentook up his prey in his mouth, and went off with it.
"alarmed at such disasters, the namaquas collected together in onestrong inclosure, and at night sent out one of the slaves for water.
hehad no sooner reached the pool than he was seized by a lion; he calledin vain for help, but was dragged off through the woods, and the nextday his skull only was found, clean licked by the rough tongue of thelion.
"having now lost three men in three days, the chief and his whole partyturned out to hunt and destroy lions only.
they followed the spoor ortrack of the one which had taken the slave, and they soon found twolions, one of which, the smallest, they shot; and then, having takentheir breakfast, they went after the other, and largest, which wasrecognized as the one which had devoured the man.
"they followed the animal to a patch of reeds, where it had intrencheditself; they set fire to the reeds and forced it out, and as it waswalking off it was severely wounded by one of the party, when itimmediately turned back, and, with a loud roar, charged right throughthe smoke and the burning reeds.
the monster dashed in among them andseized the chief's brother by the back, tearing out his ribs andexposing his lungs.
"the chief rushed to the assistance of his expiring brother; his gunburned priming.
he dashed it down, and in his desperation seized thelion by the tail.
the lion let go the body, and turned upon the chief,and with a stroke of his fore-paw tore a large piece of flesh off thechief's arm; then struck him again and threw him on the ground.
thechief rose instantly, but the lion then seized him by the knee, threwhim down again, and there held him, mangling his left arm.
"torn and bleeding, the chief in a feeble voice called to his men toshoot the animal from behind, which was at last done with a ball whichpassed through the lion's brain.
after this destruction of four men infour days, the hunting was given over; the body of the chief's brotherwas buried, and the party went home, bearing with them their woundedchief."
"well, that is the most horrible lion-adventure i have yet heard," saidthe major.
"heaven preserve us from a man-eating lion!"
"it really has almost taken away my breath," said alexander.
"well, then, i will tell you one more amusing, and not so fatal in itsresults; i was told it by a bushman," said swinton.
"a bushman wasfollowing a herd of zebras, and had just succeeded in wounding one withhis arrow, when he discovered that he had been interfering with a lion,who was also in chase of the same animals.
as the lion appeared veryangry at this interference with his rights as lord of the manor, andevidently inclined to punish the bushman as a poacher upon hispreserves, the latter, perceiving a tree convenient, climbed up into itas fast as he could.
the lion allowed the herd of zebras to go away, andturned his attention to the bushman.
he walked round and round the tree,and every now and then he growled as he looked up at the bushman.
"at last the lion lay down at the foot of the tree, and there he keptwatch all night.
the bushman kept watch also, but toward morning,feeling very tired, he was overcome by sleep, and as he slept, hedreamed, and what do you think that he dreamed?--he dreamed that he fellfrom the tree into the jaws of the lion.
starting up in horror from theeffects of his dream, he lost his hold, and falling from the branch,down he came with all his weight right on the back of the lion.
thelion, so unexpectedly saluted, sprang up with a loud roar, tossing offthe bushman, and running away as fast as he could; and the bushman,recovering his legs and his senses, also took to his heels in adifferent direction; and thus were the 'sleepers awakened,' and thedream became true."
"besiegers retreating and fort evacuated both at the same time," criedthe major, laughing.
"well, i think you have had enough of the lion now," said swinton.
"no, we had quite enough of him last night, if you choose," repliedalexander.
"but your lions are not quite so near as he was."
it was not until the evening that the caffres and hottentots returnedwith the cattle, which they had great difficulty in collecting; two orthree of the oxen were not brought back till late at night, sofrightened had the animals been by the approach of the lion.
in theafternoon, as it was too late to think of proceeding, our travelers,with their guns on their shoulders, and accompanied by omrah and begum,who would always follow the major if she was not tied up, strolled awayfrom the camp to amuse themselves.
at first they walked to the hill fromwhich they had such a splendid view of the valley covered withelephants, and, proceeding to where the male elephant had fallen, foundthat his flesh had, by the caffres, the wolves, and the vultures, beencompletely taken off his bones, and it lay there a beautiful skeletonfor a museum.
as, however, they had no room for such weighty articles in their wagons,they left it, after swinton had made some observations upon thestructure of the animal.
begum would not go near the skeleton, butappeared to be frightened at it.
they then proceeded to the rock whichhad been their place of refuge when the herd of elephants had chargedupon them; and as they stood under it, they were suddenly saluted with aloud noise over their heads, sounding like quah, quah!
as soon as begum heard it, she ran up to the major with every sign oftrepidation, holding fast to his skin trowsers.
"what was that?"
said alexander; "i see nothing."
"i know what it is," said the major; "it is a herd of baboons; therethey are; don't you see their heads over the rocks?"
"let them show themselves a little more, and we'll have a shot at them,"replied alexander, cocking his gun.
"not for your life," cried swinton; "you will be skinned and torn topieces, if they are numerous, and you enrage them.
you have no ideawhat savage and powerful creatures they are.
look at them now; they arecoming down gradually; we had better be off."
"i think so too," said the major; "they are very angry; they have seenbegum, and imagine that we have one of their herd in our possession.
pray don't fire, wilmot, unless it is for your life; we are too few tomake them afraid of us.
here they come; there are a hundred of them atleast; let us walk away slowly--it won't do to run, for that would makethem chase us at once."
the baboons, some of which were of gigantic size, were now descendingfrom the rock, grunting, grinning, springing from stone to stone,protruding their mouths, shaking their heads, drawing back the skin oftheir foreheads, and showing their formidable tusks, advancing nearerand nearer, and threatening an attack.
some of the largest malesadvanced so close as to make a snatch at omrah.
as for begum, she keptbehind the major, hiding herself as much as possible.
at last one or twoadvanced so close, rising on their hind-legs, that the major was obligedto ward them off with his gun, "point your guns at them," said swinton,"if they come too close; but do not fire, i beg you.
if we only get fromoff this rocky ground to the plain below, we shall probably get rid ofthem."
the ground on which they were formed a portion of the rocky hill uponwhich they had taken shelter the day of the elephant-hunt; and withintwenty-five yards of them there was an abrupt descent of about fourfeet, which joined it to the plain.
they had gained half-way, parryingthe animals off as well as they could, as they retreated backward, whensome of the baboons came down from the other side of the rock, so as toattempt to cut off their retreat, their object evidently being to gainpossession of begum, whom they considered as belonging to them--and acaptive.
their situation now became more critical; for the whole herd werejoining the foremost; and the noise they made, and the anger theyexpressed, were much greater than before.
"we must fire, i really believe," said the major, when they heard adeep, hollow growl, followed up by a roar of some animal, apparently notvery far off.
at this sound the baboons halted, and listened in silence;again the growl was repeated, and followed up by the roar, and thebaboons, at a shriek given by one on the rock, turned round and took totheir heels, much to the delight of our travelers, who had felt thepeculiar difficulty and danger of their situation.
"what animal was that which has frightened them off?"
said the major.
"it was the growl of a leopard," replied swinton; "we must keep a sharplook-out; it can't be far off.
the leopard is the great enemy of thebaboons.
but where is omrah?"
they all looked round, but the boy was not to be seen.
at last he showedhis head above the foot of the rocky hill, where there was a descent offour feet, as we have mentioned, then sprang up the rock, and begancapering, and imitating the baboons as they came on to the attack.
as they were laughing at him, all at once he stopped, and putting hishands to his mouth he gave the growl and roar of a leopard, which theyhad heard, and then set off running away baboon fashion.
"it was the bushman, then, that frightened them off; he is a cleverlittle fellow."
"and i am not sure that he has not saved our lives," replied swinton;"but he has been brought up among them, one may say, and knows theirhabits well.
if he had not hid himself below the rocks before heimitated the leopard, it would have been of no use, for they would nothave been frightened, hearing the growl proceeding from him.
i admirethe boy's presence of mind."
"i thought at one time that the baboons had an idea that omrah was oneof them.
what a snatch they made at him!"
"it would not have been the first time that these animals have carriedoff a boy," said swinton; "i saw one at latakoo, who had lived two yearswith the baboons, which had carried him off."
"how did they treat him?"
"very well indeed; but they kept him a prisoner.
when they found thathe would not eat the coarse food which they did, they brought him otherthings; and they invariably allowed him to drink first at the pools."
"well, that was homage to our superiority.
confound their quahs, i shallnot get them out of my head for a week.
what terrible large tusks theyhave!"
"yes, their incisors are very strong.
they often destroy the leopardwhen they meet it in numbers; but if one happens to be away from theherd, he has, of course, no chance with such an animal.
begum did notappear at all willing to renew her connection."
"none of the monkey tribe, after they have lived with man, ever are;indeed it is a question, if they had taken possession of her, whetherthey would not have torn her to pieces immediately, or have worried herto death some way or other."
"well, at all events, swinton, you have been rewarded for your kindnessto that poor little bushman, and we have reaped the benefit of it,"observed alexander.
"but here come some of the oxen; i hope we shall beable to start early on monday.
the native caffres say that the wagonscan not proceed much further."
"no, not further than to the banks of the umtata river: but you willthen be not a great way from your destination.
daaka is the chief'sname, is it not?"
"yes, that is his name; and if he is as supposed to be, he is my firstcousin.
how strange it sounds to me, as i look around me in this savageand wild country, that i should be within forty miles of ablood-relation, who is an inhabitant of it!"
"well, we shall soon know the truth; but i must say, if it is only toend in a morning call, you have come a long way for the purpose,"replied the major.
"i have come to ascertain a fact, which, from what i now know of thecountry and its inhabitants, will be the source of any thing butpleasure if it be established.
my only hope is that it may proveotherwise than we suppose; and there is little chance of that, i fear."
"at all events, come what may," observed swinton, "you will have doneyour duty."
on their return, they found all the men and cattle collected, and thatnight they increased the number of their fires, and tied the oxen to thewagons, that they might not be scattered by the return of the lion.
thelatter did not, however, make his appearance, and the night was passedwithout any disturbance.
the following day being sunday, the hottentotswere assembled, and desired not to start from the camp, as they would beexpected to attend to prayers and divine service; and as no huntingexpedition was proposed, the caffre warriors, as well as the nativecaffres, who came in with their baskets of milk and other articles forsale and barter, also remained.
before dinner-time, the bell which hadbeen brought with them from the cape, to ring in case of any one havingstrayed from the camp, that he might be guided to return, was tolled bybremen, and the hottentots were assembled.
prayers and a portion of thebible were then read.
the caffre warriors, who had been told that the white men were going topray to their god, were very silent and attentive, although they couldnot understand what was said; and the native caffres, men, women andchildren, sat down and listened.
as soon as the service was over, thecaffre head man of the warriors asked the interpreter to inquire of ourtravelers why they struck the bell?
was it to let god know that theywere about to pray, and did he hear what they said?
swinton replied, that their god heard all that they said, and listenedto the prayers of those who trusted in him.
a great many other questions were put by the caffres, all of which werereplied to with great caution by mr. swinton, as he was fearful thatthey might not otherwise be understood by the caffres; but they were, asit was proved by the questions which followed in consequence.
a greatportion of the afternoon was passed away in explaining and replying tothe interrogatories of these people, and our travelers felt convincedthat by having kept the sabbath in that savage land they had done somegood by the example; for, as swinton truly observed--"the missionaries come into the land to spread the gospel of christ;they tell the natives that such is the religion and belief of the whitemen, and that such are the doctrines which are inculcated.
now white mencome here as traders, or are occasionally seen here as travelers; and ifthe natives find, as they have found, that these white men, stated bythe missionaries to hold the same belief, not only show no evidence oftheir belief, but are guilty of sins expressly forbidden by the religionpreached, is not the work of the missionary nearly destroyed?
"i have often thought that the behavior of the dutch boors toward thenatives must have had such an effect; indeed, i may say that the colonyhas been founded upon very opposite principles to those of 'doing untoothers as you would they should do unto you.'
i believe that there neveryet was an intercourse between christians nominal and savages, in anyportion of the globe, but that the savages have with great justicethrown in the christians' teeth, that they preached one thing but didanother.
unfortunately the taunt is but too true.
even those who hadleft their country for religious persecution have erred in the same way.
the conduct of the puritans who landed at salem was as barbarous towardthe indians as that of pizarro and his followers toward the mexicans.
ineither case the poor aborigines were hunted to death."
on monday they started at daylight, and proceeded on the journey; butthey made little progress, on account of the difficulty of travelingwith the wagons in a country consisting of alternate precipices andravines, without any roads.
the second day proved to be one of greaterdifficulty; they were obliged to cut down trees, fill up holes, removelarge pieces of rock, and with every precaution the wagons were oftenout of order, and they were obliged to halt for repairs.
at night they were about ten miles from the umtata river, and it wasdoubtful, from the accounts received from the natives of the country, ifthey would be able to go further with the wagons than to its bank.
butin the evening, news was brought that the amaquibi, the nation ofwarriors which were governed by quetoo, and which had come from thenorth, had been attacked by two of the native tribes, aided by somewhite men with guns; that the white men had all been destroyed, and thatthe hostile army were marching south.
the native caffres appeared to be in a panic, and this panic was sooncommunicated to the hottentots.
at first, murmurings were heard as theysat round the fire, and at last they broke out into open mutiny.
bigadam, with three others, came up to the fire where our travelers weresitting, and intimated that they must return immediately, as they wouldproceed no further; that if it was decided to go on, the hottentotswould not, as they had no intention of being murdered by the savages whowere advancing.
swinton, who could speak the dutch language, havingconsulted with alexander and the major, replied that it was very truethat the army of quetoo was to the northward; but that the report of thedefeat of the caffres and of the army advancing was not confirmed.
itwas only a rumor, and might all be false; that even if true, it did notfollow they were advancing in the direction in which they themselveswere about to proceed; that it would be sufficient time for them toretreat when they found out what were the real facts, which would be thecase in a few days at the furthest.
but the hottentots would not listento any thing that he said; they declared that they would proceed nofurther.
by this time all the other hottentots had joined the first who came upto our travelers, and made the same demand, stating their determinationnot to proceed a mile further.
only bremen and swanevelt opposed therest, and declared that they would follow their masters wherever theychose to lead them.
alexander now sent for the interpreter and the chiefof the caffre warriors, lent him by hinza, and desired the interpreterto ask the caffre whether he and his band would follow them.
the caffreanswered that they would; hinza had given them in charge, and they couldnot return and say that they had left them because there was an enemyat hand.
hinza would kill them all if they did; they must bring back thetravelers safe, or lose their lives in their defense.
"well, then," said the major, "now we can do without these cowardlyfellows, who are no use to us but to eat and drink; so now let usdischarge them at once, all but bremen and swanevelt."
"i agree with you, major," said alexander; "what do you think, swinton?"
"yes, let us discharge them, for then they will be in a preciousdilemma.
we will discharge them without arms, and desire them to gohome; that they dare not do, so they will remain.
but let us firstsecure their muskets, which lie round their fire, before we dismissthem; or they will not, perhaps, surrender them, and we may be in anawkward position.
i will slip away, and while i am away, do you keepthem in talk until i return, which i shall not do until i have locked upall the guns in the store-wagon."
as swinton rose, the major addressed the hottentots.
"now, my lads,"said he, "here are bremen and swanevelt who consent to follow us; allthe caffre warriors agree to follow us; and here are about twenty of youwho refuse.
now i can not think that you will leave us; you know that wehave treated you well, and have given you plenty of tobacco; you knowthat you will be punished as soon as you return to the cape.
why thenare you so foolish?
now look you: i am sure that upon reflection youwill think better of it.
let me understand clearly your reasons for notproceeding with us; i wish to hear them again, and let each man speakfor himself."
the hottentots immediately began to state over again their reasons fornot going on; and thus the major, who made each give his reasonseparately, gained their attention, and the time which was required.
before they all had spoken, swinton came back and took his seat by thefire.
"all's safe," said he; "bremen and swanevelt's guns have been locked upwith the others."
our travelers had their own lying by them.
the caffrewarriors, who were standing behind the hottentots, had all theirassaguays in their hands; but their shields, as usual, were hanging tothe sides of the wagons.
the major allowed the whole of the hottentotsto speak, and when they were done, he said, "now, wilmot, turn thetables on them."
alexander then got up with his gun in his hand, the major and swintondid the same, and then alexander told the hottentots that they were acowardly set of fellows; that with bremen and swanevelt, and the band ofcaffre warriors, he could do without them; that since they did notchoose to proceed, they might now leave the camp immediately, as theyshould get neither food nor any thing else from them in future.
"so nowbe off, the whole of you; and if i find one to-morrow morning in sightof the camp, or if one of you dares to follow us, i will order thecaffres to run him through.
you are dismissed, and to-morrow we leavewithout you."
alexander then called the chief of the caffre warriors, and desired him,in the presence of the hottentots, to give particular charge of thecattle, horses, and sheep, to his warriors during the night; and if anyone attempted to touch them, to run him through the body.
"do thisimmediately," said alexander to the chief, who without delay spoke tohis men, and they went off in obedience to his orders.
the hottentots, who had heard all this, now retreated to their wagon,but were struck with consternation when they found that their guns hadbeen removed; for they trusted to their guns and ammunition to enablethem to procure food and protect themselves on their return.
theyconsulted together in a low voice; they looked round and perceived thatour three travelers had quitted the fire, and were keeping guard withtheir guns upon the wagons, to prevent any attempt of breaking themopen, on the part of the hottentots.
moreover, ten of the caffres, withtheir spears, had since the breaking up of the conference, been put incharge of the wagons by the chief, at the request of the major.
thehottentots now perceived their forlorn position.
how could they, without arms and ammunition, and without provisions,return to the cape, such a number of miles distant?
how could theyexist, if they remained where they were?
when they insisted upon ourtravelers returning, they had quite overlooked the circumstance thatthese could protect themselves with the caffre warriors, and that theywere not in a condition to enforce their demand.
after a long conversation, they did what all hottentots will do underany emergency,--they lay down by the fire, and fell fast asleep.
swinton, having ascertained that they were really asleep, proposed thatthey themselves should retire to the wagon, and leave the caffres onguard, which they did; as they well knew that a hottentot once fastasleep is not easily roused up even to "treason, stratagem, or spoil."
shortly after break of day, bremen came to them, stating that he foundthe wagons could proceed no further, as he had walked on, and discoveredthat a mile before them there was a ravine so deep that it would bedifficult for the cattle to go down, and for the wagons impossible; thatat a distance of three miles below he could see the river, which wasalso so embedded in rocks, as to be impassable by the wagons.
the major immediately went with bremen, to satisfy himself of the truthof this, and returned, stating that further progress with wagons wasimpossible.
"well, then, we must now hold a council," said swinton.
"of course,proceed you will, wilmot, that is decided; the only question is, as wemust now proceed on horseback, what force you will take with you, andwhat shall be left in charge of the wagons?"
"i think we can trust the caffres, do not you?"
"yes, i do; but i wish from my heart that the hottentots had notrebelled; for although in some respects cowardly fellows, yet with theirmuskets they are brave, and their muskets keep the natives in order."
"to the caffres, the contents of the wagons would prove a temptation;but these are not temptations to the hottentots, whose object is to getback safe, and receive their wages.
thus we play them off against eachother."
"here are all the hottentots coming up to us," said the major; "i hopeit is to make submission; it is very desirable that they should do sobefore they know that the wagons proceed no further."
the surmise of the major was correct: the hottentots had again canvassedthe matter over, and, perceiving the helplessness of their position, hadcome in a body to beg forgiveness, and to offer to accompany ourtravelers wherever they pleased to take them.
it was a long while before alexander would consent to receive themagain, and not until they had made promise upon promise, that he seemedat last to be mollified.
swinton then interceded for them, and at lastalexander consented, upon their future good behavior, to overlook theirconduct.
this matter having been satisfactorily arranged, the formerquestion was resumed.
"one of you, i fear, must remain with the wagons," observed alexander;"or both of you, if you please.
i have no right to ask you to go uponany wild-goose chase, and run into danger for nothing."
"that one should remain with the wagons will be necessary," saidswinton; "and i think that the major, if he does not object, is theproper person.
the party who are left must provide themselves with foodby their guns; and it will require more military tact than i possess toarrange that and to defend the wagons.
i will accompany you, wilmot, asi can speak better dutch, and the interpreter will not get on wellwithout me."
"will you have the kindness to take charge of the wagons, major, duringour absence?"
"i think, perhaps, it will be as well; although i had rather have gonewith you," replied the major.
"i propose that you take thirty of thecaffres, bremen, and eight hottentots with you; leave me swanevelt andthe other hottentots."
"yes, that will do very well; we will leave the caffre head man withyou."
"no; he must go with the larger portion of his party; he could not wellbe separated from them.
i will find a proper place for the wagons, andstockade myself regularly in; that will be a good job for thehottentots, and i dare say i shall do very well."
"i shall not leave you omrah, major," said swinton; "for, as we shalltake four horses with us, i wish him to ride one, and he can attend uponus, as you have mahomed."
"you may have begum to ride the other," replied the major, "if youplease; then you will each have a groom."
"no, no, it would be a pity to part you and her; however, there is notime to be lost, for if this great chief and warrior quetoo isadvancing, it may be as well to be ready for a retreat; the sooner weare off, the sooner we shall be back; so now to pack up."
the first step taken by alexander was to send for the hottentots, and,after again reproving them for their former behavior, he asked who wereready to volunteer to proceed with him, as he had decided to leave thewagons with major henderson, and proceed on horseback the short distanceof his journey which remained to be accomplished.
several of the hottentots immediately came forward; the heads of themutiny held back, and thus proved to alexander that the men who had comeforward were persuaded into it by the others, and regretted what theyhad done.
he therefore immediately accepted their services, and theirmuskets were returned to them.
alexander then stated his intentions tothe caffre head man, who selected the thirty warriors that wererequired, and in the course of three hours every thing was ready fortheir departure.
it was arranged that in case of danger arising to either party, theyshould, if possible, fall back to the newly established mission ofmorley, on the sea-coast; but otherwise, the wagons would remain wherethey were till alexander's return.
having packed up all they required insmall packages, to be carried by the caffres, they bade farewell to themajor, and set off, having no baggage but what we have mentioned; foralexander would not be encumbered with a load of heavy articles whichmust prevent rapid progress, or rapid retreat if necessary.
in two hours they arrived by difficult passes at the banks of the umtatariver, which they crossed, and soon afterward falling in with a caffrekraal, they were informed that daaka, the chief whom they sought, didnot reside more than twenty miles distant; and they easily procured aguide to show them the way.
the reports of the advance of the amaquibi army were here fullyconfirmed, and the natives were preparing to leave the kraal with alltheir cattle.
it appeared, however, that at present the army wasstationary; the warriors carousing and enjoying themselves after thevictory which they had gained over the caffres.
as these had beenassisted by white men and their guns, the spirits of the amaquibi wereraised to an extraordinary degree, and they were intending to carrytheir arms to the southward, as soon as quetoo, their chief, hadsomewhat recovered from his wounds received in the late action.
indeed,it was the wounded state of their chief which was the principal cause ofthe army not having immediately proceeded to the southward.
having obtained this information, the travelers resumed their journeyalong the banks of the umtata, over a country of surprising beauty, thedeep river being full of hippopotami, which were lying on the banks orsnorting in the stream.
they could not wait to kill one during thedaytime, but promised the men they would allow them to make the attemptin the evening, after their day's march was over.
toward sunset, theystopped on the banks of the river on a rising ground, and the hottentotsand some caffres were then directed to go down to the river in chase ofthe hippopotami, as it was advisable to save their provisions as much aspossible.
before night they had succeeded, and the carcass of the animal washauled on shore.
as soon as the party had taken as much as theyrequired, the native caffres carried off the remainder of the flesh.
asthey were sitting down carousing by the fire which had been lighted, thecaffre head warrior came up to the interpreter, and told alexander andswinton not to say that they were hinza's warriors if asked where theycame from.
on being asked why, he told them that hinza had married adaughter of the chief of this country, and after a time had sent herback again to her father, and that this had created ill blood betweenthe tribes, although no war had taken place.
alexander and swinton, whoperceived that the advice was judicious, told him that they would not,and after partaking of the hippopotamus flesh they all lay down torepose under the far-spreading branches of a large tree.
the next morning they set off, and after an hour's journey the guidetold them that they were at the kraal of daaka, the descendant of theeuropeans.
the bellowing of the cattle and noise of the calves soondirected them to the spot, and they entered a kraal consisting ofseveral very wretched huts.
on inquiring for daaka, a woman pointed outa hut at a little distance, and, as they dismounted and walked up, hecame out to meet them.
swinton and alexander shook hands with the chief,and said that they were very glad to see him, and that they had come farto pay him a visit.
the chief ordered a hut to be swept out for theiraccommodation, which they took possession of.
"you have no idea, swinton," said alexander, "how much i am excitedalready by this interview."
"i can imagine it, my dear wilmot," said swinton; "it is but natural,for he is your kinsman by all report, and certainly, although a caffrein his habits and manners, his countenance and features are strikinglyeuropean."
"that i have observed myself, and it has fully convinced me of the truthof the statement.
i am most anxious to examine him--we must call theinterpreter."
the chief entered the hut soon afterward, and took his seat; theinterpreter was sent for, and the conversation was begun by daaka, wholike most of the caffre chiefs, with the hope of obtaining presents,stated himself to be very poor, his cattle to be dying, and his childrenwithout milk.
our travelers allowed him to go on for some time in thismanner, and then sent for a present of beads and tobacco, which theygave him.
they then commenced their inquiries, and the first questionthey asked was, why he resided so near the sea.
"because the sea is my mother," replied he; "i came from the sea, andthe sea feeds me when i am hungry."
"in that reply he evidently refers to the wreck of the ship," observedswinton; "and i presume, from the fish-bones, which we have seen aboutthe kraal, that these caffres feed on fish, which the other tribes donot, and therefore it is that he says his mother feeds him."
"was your mother white?"
"yes," replied daaka, "her skin was white as yours; her hair was justlike yours, long and dark; but before she died it was quite white."
"what was your mother's name?"
"kuma," replied the chief.
"had you any brothers and sisters?"
"yes, i had; i have one sister alive now."
"what is her name?"
"bess," replied the chief.
"this is very confirmatory," said alexander; "my aunt's name waselizabeth; she must have called her child after herself."
"whom did your mother marry?"
"she first married my uncle, and had no children; and then she marriedmy father; both were chiefs, and i am a chief; she had five children bymy father."
[illustration: the caffre chief.
a long conversation took place after this, the substance of which we mayas well communicate to our reader in few words.
from the children ofkuma, supposed to be elizabeth, the aunt of alexander, were produceda numerous race of the european blood, who were celebrated inthe caffre land for their courage; they were continually engaged in war,as their alliance was eagerly sought, and in consequence had nearly allperished.
daaka himself was renowned for warlike exploits, but he wasnow a very old man.
in the evening the chief took his leave, and went tohis own hut.
as soon as they were alone, alexander said to swinton, "i have now sofar fulfilled my promise to my worthy relation that i have seen thisdescendant of his child; but what am i to do?
an old man like him is notvery likely to consent to go to england, and as for his sister bess, hestates that she is equally infirm; the progeny of the rest of the familyare scattered about, and he himself knows nothing about them; to collectthem would be impossible, and if collected, equally impossible to removethem, for they would not leave.
my old relative fancies, in his mind'seye, his daughter weeping over her captivity, and longing to be restoredto her country and her relations; still retaining european feelings andsympathies, and miserable in her position; her children brought up byher with the same ideas, and some day looking forward to theiremancipation from this savage state of existence: i think if he werehere, and saw old daaka, he would soon divest himself of all theseromantic ideas."
"i think so too; but there is one thing which has struck me veryforcibly, alexander, which is, if this daaka is the son of your aunt howcomes it that he is so old?
when was the _grosvenor_ lost?"
"in the year 1782."
"and we are now in 1829. your aunt you stated to have been ten or twelveyears old at the time of the wreck.
allowing her to marry at theearliest age, daaka could not well be more than forty-eight years old;and surely he is more than that."
"he looks much older, certainly; but who can tell the age of a savage,who has been living a life of constant privation, and who has been sooften wounded as his scars show that he has been?
wounds and hardshipwill soon make a man look old."
"that is very true, but still he appears to me to be older than thedates warrant."
"i think his stating that his sister was named bess is fullcorroboration."
"it is rather circumstantial evidence, wilmot: now what do you proposeto do?"
"i hardly know; but i wish to be in daaka's company some time longer,that i may gain more intelligence; and i think of proposing to him thatwe should go down to visit the remains of the wreck of his mother, as heterms it.
i should like to see a spot so celebrated for misfortune, andbehold the remains of the ill-fated vessel; i should like to have totell my good old uncle all i can, and he will wish that i should be ableto give him every information."
"well, i think it is a good plan of yours, and we will propose it to himto-morrow morning."
"and i should like to visit his sister bess--indeed, i must do so.
hesays she is much younger than he is."
"he did, and therefore i think his age does not correspond with ourdates, as i observed before," replied swinton; "but, as you say, youmust see his sister."
daaka had sent an old cow as a present to alexander, which was a veryseasonable supply, as the hippopotamus-flesh had all been eaten.
thenext morning they proposed that he should accompany them to where the_grosvenor_ had been wrecked.
daaka did not at first appear to know what they wished, and inquired,through the interpreter, whether they meant the ship that was wrecked onthe sea-coast, pointing to the eastward.
on receiving an answer in theaffirmative, he agreed to set off with them that afternoon, saying thatit was about forty miles off, and that they could not get there untilthe next day.
about noon they set off on their journey, and as they made but slowprogress over a rugged although most beautiful country, they stopped atnight at a kraal about half-way.
early the next morning they were led bydaaka and some caffres who accompanied him to the sea-shore, and whenthey had arrived at the beach, it being then low water, daaka pointed toa reef, upon which were to be seen the guns, ballast, and a portion ofthe keelson of a ship--all that remained of the unfortunate _grosvenor_.
as the sea washed over the reef; now covering and now exposing thesemementoes of misery and suffering, alexander and swinton remained forsome time without speaking; at last alexander said--"swinton, you have read the history of this unfortunate vessel, i know,for you asked me for it to read.
what a succession of scenes of horrordo these remains, which from their solid weight only have defied thepower of the winds and waves, conjure up at this moment in my mind.
ithink i now behold the brave vessel dashed upon the reefs--the scream ofdespair from all on board--the heart-rending situation of the women andchildren--their wonderful escape and landing on shore, only to besubjected to greater suffering.
see, swinton, that must have been therock which they all gained, and upon which they remained shiveringthrough the night."
"it is, i have no doubt, from its position," said swinton.
"yes, it must have been; i think i see them all--men, women, andhelpless children--huddled together, half-clothed and suffering,quitting that rock by this only path from it, and setting off upon theirmad and perilous journey; the scattering of the parties--their perilsand hunger--their conflicts with the natives--their sufferings from heatand from thirst--their sinking down one by one into the welcome arms ofdeath, or torn to pieces by the wolves and hyenas as they lagged behindthe others.
how much more fortunate those who never gained the shore."
"yes, indeed," replied swinton; "except the eight who reached the cape,and the five that daaka asserts were saved, all the rest must haveperished in that dreadful manner."
alexander remained for some time in painful thought; at last he turnedto daaka and said, as he pointed to the remains of the wreck, "and thisthen is your mother?"
daaka looked at him and shook his head, "no, not my mother this,"replied he; "my mother down there," pointing out in a northerlydirection.
"what does he mean, swinton?
he says this is not his mother."
"i will speak to him, wilmot; you are too much agitated," repliedswinton.
"is not that the vessel which your mother was lost in?"
said swinton,through the interpreter.
"no," replied daaka; "my mother came on shore in a vessel up the littleriver out there; i was a boy when this large ship was wrecked; and gotsome iron from her to make assaguays."
what joy i feel; i trust it is true what he says."
"i have no doubt of it, wilmot; i told you he was too old a man,"replied swinton; "but let me question him further."
our readers may imagine the impatience of alexander while the questionsof swinton were being answered, and by which it appears that daaka'smother was lost at the mouth of the lauwanbaz, a small river some milesto the eastward of the zemsooboo.
an old caffre, who had come down withdaaka, now gave a particular account of the wreck of the _grosvenor_,corroborating all daaka's assertions.
"were there none of the _grosvenor's_ people left in the country?"
"none," replied the old man; "they all went to the southward."
"did you hear what became of them?"
"some lay down and died, some fought the natives and were killed; thewolves ate the rest; not one left alive; they all perished."
"were none of the women and children saved and kept as slaves?"
"no, not one; they had no meat, no milk, and they all died."
after some other inquiries, the old man, who at first did not replywillingly, stated that he had, with other caffres, followed the lastparty; had seen them all dead, and had taken off their clothes, and thatas they died were buried by those who still survived.
"a better fate, cruel as it was, than living as they must have lived,"said swinton.
"yes, truly," replied alexander; "you don't know, swinton, what a loadhas been removed from my mind, and how light-hearted i feel,notwithstanding this recital of their sufferings.
my poor uncle!
godgrant that he may live till my return with this distinct intelligence,with the assurance that he has no grandchildren living the life of aheathen, and knowing no god.
what a relief will it prove to him; howsoothing will it be to his last days!
how grateful am i to god, that ihave had so happy an issue to my mission!
now, swinton, we will returnas soon as you please; as soon as we arrive at daaka's kraal, i willtake down in writing the statement of these people, and then we willhasten back to the major."
"and i dare say," said swinton, as he remounted his horse, "that youwill make old daaka a more handsome present, for proving himself norelation to you, than if he had satisfactorily established himself asyour own first cousin."
"you may be sure that my gratitude toward him is much greater than evercould have been my kindred feeling from friendship.
i am so lighthearted, swinton, and so grateful to god that i almost wish to dismountin my anxiety to return my thanks; but i do so in my heart of hearts, atall event."
on the following day they arrived at daaka's kraal, and then alexandertook down very carefully in writing the statements made by daaka and theother caffres.
they all agreed on the one point, which was, that theeuropean descendants now living in the country were wrecked in anothervessel many years before the loss of the _grosvenor_, and that not oneof the _grosvenor's_ people--men, women or children--had survived,except the few who arrived at the cape.
having obtained these satisfactory documents, they made a handsomepresent to daaka and the other caffres, and immediately set out upontheir return to the wagons.
as they journeyed back to the westward, theyfound the caffres quitting their huts, and driving away the cattle, thatthey might not fall into the power of the army of quetoo, which it wassaid was now in motion, and scattering the tribes before them.
as ourtravelers were not at all anxious to have any communication with thesesavage invaders, in two days they crossed the umtata, and toward theevening were within sight of the wagons.
a shout from the hottentots andcaffres gave notice of their approach.
the shout was returned, and in afew minutes they were shaking hands with the major, who was delighted tosee them.
"i did not expect you back so soon," replied the major; "and as iperceive that you are unaccompanied, i presume that your caffrerelations would not quit their kraals."
"you shall know all about it, major, very soon; it will be enough atpresent to let you know that we have nothing but good news."
"that i rejoice to hear; but it was well you came back as you did, for ihave been making every preparation, and had you not returned in a fewdays, i should have retreated; the invaders are close at hand."
"we know it, and, if they are told that there are wagons here wellloaded, they will come on quickly, with the hopes of plunder, so we mustdelay no longer," replied alexander; "to-morrow we will yoke and setoff.
we can determine upon our route as we are traveling, but the firstpoint is to retreat from this quarter."
"exactly; the oxen are in prime order and can make a long day's march,and we know our country for some days, at all events; but enter myfortress, dismount, and let us go into the tent which i have pitched.
you shall then tell me your adventures, while mahomed fries a delicatepiece of elephant's flesh for you."
"have you killed an elephant?"
"yes, but not without much difficulty and some danger, i assure you; iwanted your help sadly, for these hottentots are too much alarmed totake good aim, and i had only my own rifle to trust to; but i have donevery well considering, and i shall prove to our commander-in-chief thati have supplied the garrison without putting him to any expense duringhis absence.
we have been feeding upon green monkeys for three days, andvery good eating they are, if you do not happen upon a very old one."
when they entered the inclosure made by the major, they were surprisedat the state of defense in which he had put it.
his hedge of thorns uponrocks piled up was impregnable, and the wagons were in the center, drawnup in a square; the entrance would only admit one person at a time, andwas protected by bars at night.
"why, major, you might have held out against the whole force of theamaquibi in this position."
"yes, provided i had provisions and water," replied the major; "but ifear they would soon have starved me out; however, it was as well to beprepared against any sudden night-attack, and therefore i fortified mycamp: now come in, and welcome back again."
the news which they had to impart to the major was soon given, and hewas highly delighted at the intelligence:--"and now," said he, "what doyou mean to do, wilmot?--go back again, of course, but by what route?"
"why, major, you and swinton have been so kind in coming with me thusfar, and i have been so successful in my expedition, that i shall nowleave you to decide as you please.
i have effected all that i wished, mybusiness is over, and i am ready to meet you in any way you choose; anything you decide upon i shall agree to willingly and join in heartily,so now speak your wishes."
"well, i will speak mine very frankly," replied the major.
"we have hadsome sport in this country, it is true, but not so much as i could havewished; for game is rather scarce, with the exception of elephants andsea-cows.
now i should like to cross the mountains, and get into thebechuana and bushman country, where game is as plentiful as i believewater is scarce; we can return that way, if you please, almost as wellas we can through the caffre country--what say you, swinton?"
"well, i am of your opinion.
as wilmot says, business is over and wehave nothing to do but to amuse ourselves; i am very anxious to passthrough this country, as i shall add greatly to my collections, i haveno doubt; but it must not be expected that we shall fare as well as wehave done in this; it will be the dry season, and we may be in want ofwater occasionally."
"i am equally desirous of going through that country, where i hope toshoot a giraffe,--that is my great ambition," replied wilmot; "thereforewe may consider that we are all agreed, and the affair is settled; butthe question is, how shall we proceed back?
we must return to hinza'sterritory and send back the caffres.
shall we return to butterworth?"
"i think that must depend upon circumstances, and we can talk it over aswe go along: the first point to ascertain is, the best passage over themountains; and it appears to me that we shall be diverging much too farto the eastward if we return to butterworth; but the caffres will soongive us the necessary information."
"i wonder if the quarrel between hinza and voosani has been made up,"said alexander; "for we must pass through the tambookie tribe if wecross the mountains, and if there is war between them we may meet withdifficulty."
"we shall hear as soon as we have crossed the bashee river," repliedswinton; "and then we must decide accordingly.
all that can be settlednow is, that to-morrow we start on our return, and that we will crossthe mountains, if we possibly can."
"yes, that is decided," replied alexander.
"well, then, as soon as you have finished your elephant-steak, wilmot,we will get out a bottle of wine, drink the first half of it tocongratulate you upon the success of your mission, and the other halfshall be poured out in bumpers to a happy return."
the delight of the hottentots at the announcement of the return of theexpedition was not to be concealed; and now that they knew that theywere retreating from the danger, as they were further removed theybecame proportionately brave.
we must not include all the hottentots inthis observation, as bremen, swanevelt, and one or two more, were reallybrave men; but we do refer to the principal portion of them, with bigadam at their head, who now flourished and vapored about, as if he couldby himself kill and eat the whole army of the dreaded quetoo.
as it was the intention of our travelers to pass over the mambookeichain of mountains, into the bushman and koranna territory, they did notreturn the same route by which they came, but more to the westwardthrough the territory of the tambookie caffres, not any one timeentering upon the territory of the amakosas, the tribe of caffresgoverned by hinza, who had lent them his warriors.
voosani, the chief of the tambookies, was very friendly, and had offeredno opposition to their passage through a portion of his domains on theiradvance.
they now lost no time, but continued their journey as fast asthey could, although during the day they saw a great quantity of game,and were almost every night saluted with the roaring of the lions.
in a week they found themselves on the banks of the white kae river, andnot far from the foot of the mountains which they intended to pass.
herethey halted, with the intention of remaining some few days, that theymight unload and re-arrange the packing of their wagons, repair what wasnecessary, and provide themselves with more oxen and sheep for theirjourney in the sterile territory of the bushmen.
during their route, the rumors relative to the army of quetoo wereincessant.
he had attacked and murdered lieut.
farewell and his people,who were on a trading expedition in the interior, and taken possessionof and plundered their wagons.
flushed with success over white peoplearmed with muskets, quetoo had now resolved to turn his army to thesouthward, and attack the tribes of the amaponda caffres, governed byfakoo, and the missionary station of morley, lately established near thecoast, between the st. john and the umtata rivers.
to effect this, quetoo commenced his ravages upon all the lesser tribestributary to fakoo, and having put them to indiscriminate slaughter,driven away their cattle, and burned their kraals, his army advanced tothe missionary station, which the missionaries were compelled to desert,and fall back upon the st. john river.
one of the men belonging to the tribe near morley came to the caravanwhere our travelers had halted, and, on being questioned as to the lossthey had experienced, cried out, "ask not how many are killed, but howmany are saved: our wives, where are they?
and our children, do you seeany of them?"
but fakoo, the chief of the amapondas, had roused himself and collectedhis army.
he resolved upon giving battle to the enemy.
he found theamaquibi encamped in a forest, and he surrounded them with a superiorarmy; he then contrived, by attacking and retreating, to lead them intoa position from which there was no escape but by the pass by which theyhad entered, and which he completely blocked up with his own forces.
the amaquibi could not retreat, and a furious conflict took place, whichended in the destruction of the whole of quetoo's army.
quetoo himselfwas not present, as he still remained confined with the wound he hadreceived in the prior engagement, in which he had been victorious.
aportion of fakoo's army was sent against him, and he fled with the lossof all the cattle and treasures he had collected; and thus was theinvading force at last totally dispersed and not heard of any more.
this news was very satisfactory to our travelers, as they did not knowwhether they would have had time to make their arrangements, if quetoo'sarmy had been victorious; and it was still more pleasing to thehottentots, who were now even braver than before, all lamenting thatthey had not remained on the banks of the umtata river, where the combattook place, that they might have assisted at the destruction of theinvaders.
it was toward the end of august before our travelers had made theirpreparations and were ready for a start.
they had decided to try thepass through the mambookei chain of mountains, to the eastward of theone named stormbergen, and as they expected to meet with somedifficulties, it was decided that the caffre warriors should not bedismissed till they had arrived at the bushman territory; they proposedthen to turn to the n.w., so as to fall in with that portion of theorange river which was known by the name of the vaal or yellow river,crossing the black or cradock river, which is also another branch of theorange river.
this arrangement was made, that they might get into the country moreabounding with game, and better furnished with water than any otherportion of the sterile deserts which they had to pass through.
having, as usual, kept holy the lord's day, on the monday morning theystarted in high spirits, and with their cattle in excellent order.
thepassage through the ravine was very difficult; they had to fill upholes, roll away stones, and very often put double teams to drag thewagons.
they made but ten miles on the first day, and found the night cold,after the heat to which they had been subjected.
the second day was alsoone of toil and danger, but on the third they found that they hadcommenced the descent, and the whole bushman country was spread beforethem.
but the descent was even more perilous than the ascent, and it wasnot without great exertion that they saved their wagons from fallingover the precipices.
on the fourth evening they had crossed the mountains, and were now atthe foot of them on the western side.
it was with difficulty that theycollected wood enough to make their fires for the night, and thecontinual roaring told them that they were now in the domain of thelion and his satellites.
at break of day they all rose, that they might view the country whichthey were about to traverse.
it was one wild desert of sand and stones,interspersed with small shrubs, and here and there a patch of bushes;apparently one vast, dry, arid plain, with a haze over it, arising fromthe heat.
our travelers, however, did not at first notice this change;their eyes were fixed upon the groups of quaggas and various antelopeswhich were strewed over the whole face of the country; and, as soon asthey had taken their breakfast, they mounted their horses in pursuit.
ithad been their intention to have dismissed the caffres on that morning,but the chief of the band pointed out that it would be as well that theyshould kill some game, to provide them with food for their journey back;and our travelers approved of the suggestion, as it would save theirsheep.
alexander and the major set off with bremen, swanevelt, and omrah onhorseback, while the caffres on foot kept well up with them.
the otherhottentots were ordered to remain with swinton at the encampment, asthey had to repair the damages done to the wagons in crossing themountains.
omrah had shown himself so useful, that he had been permitted topractice with a fowling-piece carrying ball, and had proved himself veryexpert.
he now was mounted on the major's spare horse; that in case themajor's was knocked up, he might change it, for omrah's weight was amere nothing.
the plan of the chase was, that the caffres should spread in ahalf-circle, and conceal themselves as much as possible, while those onhorseback should turn the animals and drive them in their direction.
asthey advanced on the plain, they discovered what the haze had preventedtheir seeing at early dawn, that the plain was covered with a variety ofbeautiful flowers, of the amaryllis and other tribes, and with the hillsof ants and ant-eaters' holes, which latter were very dangerous to thehorses.
the sun was now up in the heavens, and blazed fiercely; the heat wasintense, although still early in the day.
when they turned their headstoward the mountains which they had passed, they were struck withastonishment at the grandeur of the scene: rocks and cliffs in wildchaos, barren ridges and towering peaks, worn by time into castellatedfortresses and other strange shapes, calling to their fancy the ruins ofa former world.
with the exception of a pool of water, near to which thecaravan had halted, not a vestige of that element was to be seen in anydirection; all was one plain, ending only in the horizon, without atree, the line only broken by the groups of animals and the long necksof the packs of ostriches in the distance.
if, however, the vegetable kingdom was deficient, the animal wasproportionably abundant, and alexander and the major were soon at theirspeed after a troop of quaggas and zebras, which they succeeded inturning toward the caffres.
as soon as the animals had entered theradius of the half-circle, and were within distance, they checked theirhorses and opened their fire upon them; at the same time the caffresshowed themselves, and the animals were for a time confounded by findingthemselves so nearly surrounded.
during their hesitation, and while they attempted to break through hereand there, and then turned again, several were brought to the ground bythe guns of the mounted party, till at last, as if they had summoned uptheir resolution, the whole herd, led by a splendid male, burst away ina direction close to the horsemen, and made their escape from the circlein a cloud of dust, scattering the stones behind them as they fled.
the caffres ran up to the animals which lay wounded, and put them out oftheir misery by inserting the point of their assaguays into the spine,which caused immediate death.
seven animals were killed, three zebrasand four quaggas; and as swinton had requested that they might not becut up till he had ascertained if he required their skins, omrah wassent back to bring him to where they were lying.
swinton soon came, and alexander said to him, "now, swinton, let us knowif you want any of the skins of these animals to preserve."
"no," replied swinton, "i have them already; i just thought it possiblethat you might have killed a zebra."
"well, have we not?
there are three of them."
"no, my good fellow, they are not of the real zebra species; they belongto a class described by burchell, the traveler, which is termed thestriped quagga.
the quagga and striped quagga, as you may see, have theears of a horse, while the zebra has those of the ass.
the true zebrahardly ever descends upon the plains, but lives altogether upon themountainous regions; occasionally it may be found, it is true, and thatis the reason why i came to see."
"are they good eating, these animals?"
"the quagga is very indifferent food, but the striped quagga is verypassable; so if you intend to save any for our dinner, pray let it besome of the latter.
have you done hunting to-day?"
"yes," replied the major, "if wilmot is of my opinion, i think we hadbetter not work our horses any more just now; the plain is so full oflarge holes,--ant-eaters' holes, bremen says they are."
"yes, they are ant-eaters' holes, and very dangerous; i have seen themseveral feet deep.
if we do not start to-day, i will ask the hottentotsto try and procure one for me to-night, as i wish to have a stuffedspecimen."
"we do not intend to start till to-morrow morning," replied alexander;"we must dismiss the caffres to-night, that they may be also ready to gohome to-morrow.
they will now have provisions enough."
our travelers now rode back to the caravan, leaving the caffres to bringhome the flesh.
as soon as they had dined, the chief of the warriors wasdesired to come with all his men, and alexander then made every man ahandsome present, consisting of tobacco, snuff, cloth, knives and beads.
to the chief of the band he gave three times as much as the others, andthen, having delivered to him a very liberal collection of articles fortheir king hinza, alexander told the chief to acquaint the king that hehad been very much pleased with the conduct of the men, and thanked hismajesty for the loan of them, and requested that his majesty wouldaccept of the packet of articles which he had selected for him.
he then thanked the men for their good conduct, told them to take allthe flesh that they wished for the journey, and stated that they were atliberty to depart that evening or the next morning, as they thoughtproper.
the caffres were perfectly satisfied with alexander'sliberality, and the chief of the warriors, making a short speech inreply, retired with his men.
"well, i'm very sorry that these fine fellows are leaving," said themajor.
"and so am i; but i could not well detain them, and they said that theycould not go further with us without the king's permission," repliedalexander.
"of course not," replied the major; "but that does not lessen my regretat their departure; they have been both steady and brave, as well asactive and willing, and i do not expect that our hottentots will serveus so well."
"you are right not to expect it, major," replied swinton; "if you did,you would be miserably disappointed.
if they knew now where we weregoing, they would desert us.
the only hold that we have upon the greaternumber of them is their fear; they go forward because they are afraid togo back; but if they could get hold of our horses, with their guns andammunition, they would leave us as soon as we advanced in the desert."
"very true, i fear; but we have a few stanch fellows among them, and twoat least whom we can depend upon--bremen and swanevelt."
"how far is it from here to the black river, swinton?"
"about forty miles; not so much perhaps to the river's bed, but at leastthat, if not more, before we shall fall in with any water at this seasonof the year."
"we must not fail to fill our water-kegs before we leave this."
"no, for we shall have no water to-night, that is certain.
we can nottravel more than twenty miles over such a country as this; for turninghere and there to avoid the holes and ant-hills, the twenty miles willbe at least thirty," said swinton; "but now i must go and tell thehottentots to find me what i want: a pound of tobacco will procure it, ihave no doubt."
"but i have mine," observed the major, after swinton was gone; "we aretoo near the pool, and we shall be surrounded with lions to-night; thehottentots may pretend that they will go, but they will not."
"one can not well blame them; i'm sure a pound of tobacco would notpersuade me to put my head into a lion's mouth; but i agree with you, weare too near the pool, and as we must collect the cattle to secure themduring the night, i think we had better fill our water-kegs, and thenyoke and take up a position for the night about half a mile further off.
but here comes swinton, who can give us his advice."
as swinton agreed with them, they yoked the oxen, and drove forwardabout a mile from the pool; they then secured them to the wagons andlighted large fires round the caravan.
the major was correct as regarded the hottentots' procuring an ant-eaterfor swinton; they would not leave the fires, and the continual approachof the lions during the night proved that they were wise in so doing.
there was no occasion for the lions to roar; the moaning of begum, andher clinging to the major, the trembling of the dogs, and the uneasinessof the cattle, invariably gave notice of lions being at hand.
shots werefired off during the night, to keep them at a distance, but otherwisethe night passed away undisturbed.
they started the following morning about daybreak, and, at the sametime, the caffres took their departure to their own country.
the groundover which the caravan traveled was stony and sandy at intervals, andthey had not proceeded far before they again discovered a great varietyof game dispersed over the level plain.
they did not, however, attemptto pursue them, as they were anxious to go on as far as possible, so asto give the oxen an opportunity of picking up what little food theycould during the middle of the day, at which time the major andalexander proposed that they should go in pursuit of game.
but beforethey had traveled three hours, they were surprised at a cloud of dust,which obscured the horizon, in the direction they were proceeding.
"what can that be?"
"i think it is springbok," said bremen the hottentot.
why, there must be thousands and thousands of them."
"i believe that bremen is right," said swinton; "it must be one of themigratory herds of springboks; i have never seen them, but i have oftenbeen told of them."
the body of antelopes now advanced toward them, keeping on a straightpath; and to state their numbers would have been impossible: there mighthave been fifty or a hundred thousand, or more.
as far as the eye couldsee in any direction, it was one moving mass covering the whole plain.
as they approached the caravan, those nearest huddled on one side andoccasionally bounded away with the remarkable springs made by thisanimal, and from which it has its name, alighting not upon the earth,but, for want of room, upon the backs of its companions, and thendropping in between the ranks.
a hazy vapor arose from these countless herds as they moved on, and morethan once the hottentots, who were standing on the wagons, which hadbeen stopped as the herd came up to them, pointed out a lion which wasjourneying with the crowds to feast at his leisure.
the animals appearedvery tame, and several were killed close to the wheels of the wagons,for the evening's supper.
notwithstanding that the herd moved at a rapidpace, it was more than two hours before the whole had passed by.
"well," observed alexander, "i can now say that i have seen no want ofgame in africa.
where will they go to?"
"they will go directly on to the southward," replied swinton; "themigration of these animals is one of the most remarkable proofs of thefecundity of animal life.
like the ants, they devour every thing beforethem; and if we journey in the direction they have come from, we shallfind no food for the cattle until after the rains.
after the rains fall,these animals will return to their former pastures.
it is the want offood which has brought them so far to the southward."
"their track is evidently from the north and eastward," said the major;"had we not better change our course more to the northward?"
"no, i should think not; they have probably traveled on this side of thenu gariep or black river.
we shall have neither water nor food for thecattle to-night, and therefore i think we had better go on as we aregoing, so as to make sure of water for them to-morrow, at all events.
it's useless now stopping to feed the cattle, we had better continueright on till the evening; we shall sooner arrive at the river, and sogain by it."
it was but half an hour before dark that they unyoked the tired oxen.
water or grass there was none; and, what was another misfortune, theycould not find sufficient wood of any kind to keep up the necessaryfires during the night.
all they could collect before dark was butenough for one fire, and they considered it better, therefore, that onlyone should be lighted.
the wagons were drawn up so as to form a square, inside of which weretied the horses; the sheep were driven underneath, and the oxen weretied up outside.
they feasted well themselves upon the delicate meat ofthe springboks, but the poor animals had neither food nor water aftertheir hard day's journey.
as soon as they had supped they retired to their wagons, and thehottentots remained by the side of the fire, which was but frugallysupplied, that it might last till morning; but that there were lionsprowling in the vicinity was evident from the restlessness of the oxen,who tried to break the leathern thongs with which they were fastened.
the moon had just risen, and showed an imperfect light, when theyperceived the bodies of some animals between them and the horizon.
theyappeared very large, as they always do in an imperfect light, and thehottentots soon made out that they were five or six lions not fortyyards distant.
the truth of this supposition was confirmed by an angryroar from one of them, which induced most of the hottentots to seizetheir guns, and some to creep under the wagons.
the oxen now struggled furiously to escape, for the, roar of the lionshad spread consternation.
our travelers heard it in their wagons, and were out with their guns ina minute.
at last one of the oxen broke loose, and, as it was runningbehind its companions, as if seeking a more secure shelter, being notmore than three or four yards from them, another roar was followed by aspring of one of the lions, which bore the animal to the earth.
the major and wilmot were advancing before the fire to the attack, whenthe animal for a moment let go his prey, and was about to spring uponthem.
bremen called out for them to retreat, which they did, as theanimal advanced step by step toward them.
satisfied with their retiring, the lion then went to his prey, anddragged it to a distance of about fifty yards, where it commenced itsmeal; and they distinctly heard, although they could not plainlydistinguish, the tearing of the animal's flesh and the breaking of itsbones by the lion, while its bellowings were most pitiful.
they all now fired in the direction where they heard the noise; the lionreplied to the volley by a tremendous roar, and rushed up within twentyyards of the wagons, so as to be distinctly visible.
bremen begged ourtravelers not to molest the animal, as it was evidently very hungry andvery angry, and would certainly make a spring upon them, which must beattended with disastrous effects.
the other lions were also now moving round and round the camp; theytherefore reloaded their guns, and remained still, looking at the liontearing and devouring his prey.
"we must be quiet here," said bremen to alexander; "there are many lionsround us, and our fire is not sufficient to scare them away, and theymay attack us."
"would it not be better to fire our guns,--that would frighten them?"
"yes, sir, it would frighten the other lions, perhaps, but it wouldenrage this one so near to us, and he would certainly make a charge.
wehad better throw a little gunpowder upon some ashes now and then, as wehave but a small fire: the flash will drive them away for the time."
in the mean time the lion was making his meal upon the poor ox, andwhen any other of the hungry lions approached him, he would rush atthem, and pursue them for some paces with a horrible growl, which madenot only the poor oxen, but the men also, to shudder as they heard it.
in this manner was the night passed away, every one with his gun in hishand, expecting an immediate attack; but the morning at last dawned, tothe great relief of them all.
the lions had disappeared, and they walkedout to where the old lion had made his meal, and found that he haddevoured nearly the whole of the ox; and such was the enormous strengthof his jaws, that the rib-bones were all demolished, and the bones ofthe legs, which are known as the marrow-bones, were broken as if by ahammer.
"i really," observed the major, "have more respect for a lion, the morei become intimate with his feline majesty."
"well, but he is off," observed swinton, "and i think we had better beoff too."
the oxen were yoked, and the caravan proceeded at slow pace to gain thewished-for river.
as our travelers walked their horses--for the pooranimals had been without food or water for twenty-four hours, and allidea of chasing the various herds of animals which were to be seen intheir path was abandoned for the present--swinton remarked, "we are notfar from the track of the mantatees, when they made their irruption uponthe caffres about eighteen months back."
"i was intending to ask you for some information on that point, swinton.
there has been more than one irruption into the country from the nativesto the northward.
mr. fairburn gave me a very fair idea of the historyof the cape colony, but we were both too much engaged after our arrivalin cape town for me to obtain further information."
"i will, you may be assured, tell you all i know," replied swinton; "butyou must not expect to find in me a mr. fairburn.
i may as well remark,that africa appears to be a country not able to afford support to adense population, like europe; and the chief cause of this is the greatwant of water, occasionally rendered more trying by droughts of four orfive years' continuance."
"i grant that such is the case at present," observed the major; "but youwell know that it is not that there is not a sufficient quantity ofrain, which falls generally once a year, but because the water whichfalls is carried off so quickly.
rivers become torrents, and in a fewweeks pour all their water into the sea, leaving, i may say, none forthe remainder of the year."
"that is true," replied swinton.
"and so it will be until the population is not only dense, but, i mayadd, sufficiently enlightened and industrious.
then, i presume, theywill take the same measures for securing a supply of water throughoutthe year which have been so long adopted in india, and were formerly insouth america by the mexicans.
i mean that of digging large tanks, fromwhich the water can not escape, except by evaporation."
"i believe that it will be the only remedy."
"not only the remedy, but more than a remedy; for tanks onceestablished, vegetation will flourish, and the vegetation will not onlyhusband the water in the country, but attract more."
"all that is very true," replied swinton, "and i trust the time willcome, when not only this land may be well watered with the dew ofheaven, but that the rivers of grace may flow through it in everydirection, and the tree of christ may flourish."
"amen," replied alexander.
"but to resume the thread of my discourse," continued swinton; "i wasabout to say, that the increase of population, and i may add theincrease of riches,--for in these nomadic tribes cattle are the onlyriches,--is the great cause of these descents from the north; for thecontinued droughts which i have mentioned of four or five years compelthem to seek for pasture elsewhere, after their own is burned up.
at allevents, it appears that the caffre nations have been continuallysustaining the pressure from without, both from the northward and thesouthward, for many years.
"when the dutch settled at the cape, they took possession of the countrybelonging to the hottentot tribes, driving the few that chose topreserve their independence into the bushman and namaqua lands,increasing the population in those countries, which are only able toafford subsistence to a very scattered few.
then, again, they encroachedupon the caffres, driving them first beyond the great fish river, andafterward still more to the northward.
the bushman tribes of hillhottentots, if we may so term them, have also been increased by variousmeans, notwithstanding the constant massacres of these unhappy people bythe dutch boors; moreover, we have by our injudicious colonialregulations added another and a new race of people, who are alreadyconsiderable in their numbers."
"which do you refer to?"
"to the people now known by the name of griquas, from their having takenpossession of the griqua country.
they are the mixed race between thehottentots and the whites.
by the dutch colonial law, these people couldnot hold possession of any land in the colony; and this act of injusticeand folly has deprived us of a very valuable race of men, who might haveadded much to the prosperity of the colony.
brave and intelligent,industrious to a great degree, they, finding themselves despised onaccount of the hottentot blood in their veins, have migrated from thecolony and settled beyond the boundaries.
being tolerably well providedwith fire-arms, those who are peaceably inclined can protect themselves,while those who are otherwise commit great depredations upon the poorsavages, following the example shown them by the colonists, and sweepingoff their cattle and their property, in defiance of law and justice.
younow perceive, alexander, how it is that there has been a pressure fromthe southward."
"that is very evident," replied the major.
"perhaps i had better proceed to the northward by degrees, and make somemention of the caffre tribes, which are those who have suffered frombeing, as it were, pressed between encroachments from the north and thesouth.
the caffre race is very numerous.
the origin of the general termcaffre, which means infidel, and no more, is not known, any more than isthat of the term hottentot."
"a proof of what we found out at school," observed the major, "thatnicknames, as they are termed, stick longer than real ones."
"precisely," replied swinton; "our acquaintance is mostly with the moresouthern caffres, who occupy the land bordering on the east coast ofafrica, from the cape boundary to port natal.
these are the amakosatribe, whose warriors have just left us; the tambookies, whose territorywe have recently quitted, and to the northward of them by port natal,the hambonas.
these are the eastern caffres.
"on the other side of the mambookei chain of mountains, and in thecentral portion of africa, below the tropic, are the bechuanas, whoinhabit an extent of country as yet imperfectly known to us.
these maybe termed the central caffres.
"on the western side of the african coast, and above namaqua land, whoseinhabitants are probably chiefly of the hottentot race, we have thedamaras, who may be classed as the western caffres; with these we havehad little or no communication.
"all these tribes speak the bechuana or caffre language, with veryslight variations; they are all governed by chiefs or kings, andsubdivided into numerous bodies; but they are all caffres.
of theircharacters i have only to observe, that as far as we have experienced,the caffres of the eastern coast, which we have just left, are verysuperior to the others in courage and in every other good quality.
now,have i made myself intelligible, alexander?"
"most clearly so."
"i nevertheless wish we were sitting down in some safe place instead oftraveling on horseback over this withered tract, and that i had the mapbefore me to make you understand better."
"i will refer to the map as soon as i can," replied alexander; "but ihave studied the map a great deal, and therefore do not so much requireit."
all these caffre tribes live much the same life; their wealth is incattle; they are partly husbandmen, partly herdsmen, and partly hunters;and their continual conflicts with the wild beasts of the countryprepare them for warriors.
the eastern caffres, from whom we have latelyparted, are the most populous; indeed, now that we have taken from themso much of their country, they have scarcely pasturage for their cattle.
i have said that the eastern caffres' territory extends as far as thelatitude of port natal, but it formerly extended much further to thenorthward, as it did to the southward, before we drove them from theirterritory; indeed as far north as delagoa bay; all the country betweenport natal and delagoa bay being formerly inhabited by tribes ofcaffres.
i believe, alexander, that mr. fairburn gave you a history ofthe celebrated monarch chaka, the king of the zulus?"
"yes, he did."
"well, it was chaka who overran that country i am now speaking of, anddrove out all the tribes who occupied it, as well as a large portion ofthe bechuana tribes who inhabited lands more to the northward.
now theirruptions we have had into the caffre and bechuana country borderingupon the colony have been wholly brought about by the devastationscommitted by chaka.
of course i refer to those irruptions which havetaken place since our knowledge and possession of the cape.
i have nodoubt that such irruptions have been continued, and that they haveoccurred once in every century for ages.
they have been brought about bya population increasing beyond the means of subsistence, and have takenplace as soon as the overplus have required it.
"the migration of the springboks, which we witnessed yesterday, may bemore frequent, but are not more certain than those of the centralpopulation of africa.
the caffres themselves state that they formerlycame from the northward, and won their territory by conquest; and thehottentots have the same tradition as regards themselves.
"the invasion of the mantatees, as they are called (and by the easterncaffres ficani), was nothing more than that of a people dispossessed oftheir property, and driven from the territory by the zoolus, underchaka; and, indeed, this last array under quetoo, which has beendestroyed within this month, may be considered as invading from asimilar cause.
having separated from chaka, quetoo could find noresting-place, and he therefore came to the southward with the intentionof wresting the territory from the caffres, in which he has failed.
hadhe not failed, and been cut off by the caffres, he would have destroyedthem, and thus made room for his own people."
"of course; for the end of all these invasions and migrations must be insuch a sacrifice of human life as to afford sustenance and the means ofsubsistence to those who remain," observed the major.
"precisely; and such must continue to be the case on this continent,until the arts and civilization have taught men how to increase themeans of subsistence.
to produce this, christianity must be introduced;for christianity and civilization go hand in hand."
"but the mantatees or ficani, who are they?"
"i have already said they were northern caffre tribes, dispossessed oftheir territory by chaka.
the names of the tribes we do not know.
mantatee, in the caffre language, signifies an invader, and ficani also,marauders; both terms applicable to the people, but certainly not thenames of the tribes.
"i believe, now, i have said enough on the subject to allow me to enterupon the history of this last invasion; but, to tell the truth, the heatis so overpowering, and i feel my tongue so parched, that you mustexcuse me for deferring this account till another opportunity.
as soonas we are a little more at our ease, i will give you the history of themantatees."
"we are much obliged to you for what you have told us, swinton, andwill spare you for the present," replied alexander.
"what animals arethose?--look!"
"they are gnoos," replied swinton.
"there are two varieties of them, thecommon gnoo and the brindled gnoo.
they form an intermediate linkbetween the antelope family and the bovine or ox, and they are very goodeating."
"then, i wish we were able to go after them.
they do not seem to beafraid of us, but approach nearer at every gallop which they make."
"yes, although shy, they have a great deal of curiosity," repliedswinton.
"watch them now."
the animals bounded away again, as swinton spoke, and then returned togaze upon the caravan, stirring up the dust with their hoofs, tossingtheir manes, and lashing their sides with their long tails, as theycurvetted and shook their heads, sometimes stamping as if in defiance,and then flying away like the wind, as if from fear.
"they are safe this time," observed major henderson; "but another day wewill try their mettle."
"you will find them fierce and dangerous when wounded, sir," saidbremen, who had ridden up.
"we are not many miles from the river, forthe cattle begin to sniff."
"i am delighted to hear you say so; for then there must be water near.
but the haze and glare together are so great that we can not distinguishabove two miles, if so much."
"no, sir," replied the hottentot; "but i can see well enough to see_them_" continued he, pointing with his finger to a rising ground abouta hundred yards off, on the right of them.
"one, two, three--there arefive of them."
"what are they?"
said the major, looking in the direction pointed out.
"i see; they are lions."
"yes, sir; but we must take no notice of them, and they will not annoyus.
they are not hungry."
"you are right," said swinton, "we must go right on, neither stoppingnor hastening our speed.
let the driver look to the oxen; for, tired asthey are, the smell of the lions is sufficient to give themungovernable strength for the moment."
"well," said the major, "bring us our guns, bremen.
i am willing toaccept the armed neutrality, if they will consent to it."
the caravan passed on; the lions remaining crouched where they were,eying them, it is true, but not rising from their beds.
the oxen,however, either through fear of the lions, or the scent of water near,became more brisk in their motions, and in half an hour they perceived aline of trees before them, which told them that they were near the bedof the nu gariep or cradock river.
the poor animals redoubled their exertions, and soon arrived at thebanks.
bremen had ridden forward and reported that there still was waterin the river, but only in pools.
as the herbage was destroyed on theside where they were, they would have crossed the bed of the riverbefore they unyoked, but that they found impossible.
the animals were soimpatient for the water, that, had they not been released, they wouldhave broken the wagons.
horses, oxen and sheep all plunged into the pools together, and for someminutes appeared as though they would never be satisfied.
they at lastwent out, but soon returned again, till their sides were distended withthe quantity of the element which they had imbibed.
an hour was allowed for the animals to rest and enjoy themselves, andthen they were again yoked to drag the wagons to the other side of theriver, where there was a sufficiency of pasturage and of wood to make uptheir fires.
as it was their intention to remain there for a day or two, the wagonswere drawn up at some distance from the river, so as not to interferewith the path by which the wild animals went down to drink.
the spoorsor tracks of the lions and buffaloes and other animals were so abundant,as to show that this precaution was necessary.
as soon as the wagons were arranged in the usual manner, the cattle werepermitted to graze till the evening, when they were brought in andsecured, as usual, inside and round the wagons.
they supped off theremainder of the springbok, which was not very sweet; but the horses andmen were both too much exhausted with the fatiguing journey to huntuntil the following day.
that night they were not disturbed by lions, but the hyenas contrived tocrawl under the wagons, and, having severely bitten one of the oxen,succeeded in carrying off one of the sheep.
they had been so oftenannoyed by these animals, that we have never mentioned them; but on thefollowing morning it was found that the ox had been so seriously injuredthat the leg-bone was broken, and they were obliged to destroy theanimal.
"were the courage of the hyena equal to his strength, it would be a mostformidable animal," observed swinton; "but the fact is, it seldom ornever attacks mankind, although there may be twenty in a troop.
at thesame time, among the caffres they very often do enter the huts of thenatives, and occasionally devour children and infirm people.
but this isgreatly owing to the encouragement they receive from the custom of thecaffres leaving their dead to be devoured by these animals, which givesthem a liking for human flesh, and makes them more bold to obtain it."
"they must have a tremendous power in their jaw," observed alexander.
"they have, and it is given them for all-wise purposes.
the hyena andthe vulture are the scavengers of the tropical regions.
the hyenadevours what the vulture leaves, which is the skin and bones of a deadcarcass.
its power of jaw is so great, that it breaks the largest bonewith facility."
"are there many varieties of them?"
"in africa there are four:--the common spotted hyena, or wolf of thecolonists, whose smell is so offensive that dogs leave it with disgustafter it is killed; its own fellows will, however, devour itimmediately.
the striped or ferocious hyena, called the shard-wolf, andanother which the colonists call the bay-wolf, and which i believe to bethe one known as the laughing hyena.
there is another variety, which isa sort of link between the hyena and the dog, called the venatica.
ithunts in packs, and the colonists term it the wild honde.
it was firstclassed by burchell the traveler.
this last is smaller, but muchfiercer, than the others."
"i know that there are leopards in the country, but we have never yetfallen in with one.
are they dangerous?"
"the leopard shuns any conflict with man, but when driven to desperationit becomes a formidable antagonist.
i recollect very well two boorshaving attacked a leopard, and the animal, being hotly pressed by themand wounded, turned round and sprang upon the one nearest, pulling himto the ground, biting his shoulder, and tearing him with his claws.
theother, seeing the danger of his comrade, sprang from his horse andattempted to shoot the animal through the head.
he missed, and theleopard left the first man, sprang upon _him_, and, striking him on theface, tore his scalp down over his eyes.
the hunter grappled with theanimal, and at last they rolled together down a steep cliff.
as soon asthe first hunter could reload his gun, he rushed after them to save hisfriend, but it was too late.
the animal had seized him by the throat,and mangled him so dreadfully, that death was inevitable and all thatthe man could do was to avenge his comrade's death by shooting theleopard."
"that proves the leopard is not to be trifled with."
"no animal is, when it stands at bay, or is driven to desperation; and,in confirmation of this, i once witnessed one of these animals--thequaggas--which, being pressed to the edge of a precipice by a mountedhunter, seized the man's foot with its teeth, and actually tore it off,so that, although medical aid was at hand, the man died from loss ofblood."
"one would hardly expect such a tragical issue to the chase of a wildjackass," observed the major.
"no; but 'in the midst of life we are in death,' and we never know fromwhence the blow may come.
until it occurred, such an event was supposedimpossible, and the very idea would have created nothing but ridicule.
by the by, one of our good missionaries was very near losing his life bya leopard.
he went to save a hottentot who had been seized, and wasattacked by the leopard which, as in the former instance, left hisfirst antagonist to meet his second.
fortunately, mr. s. was a verypowerful man, and assistance was sooner given him than in the formerinstance.
neither he nor the hottentot, however, escaped without severewounds, which confined them for many weeks."
"is there more than one variety of leopard, swinton?"
"yes, there is the common leopard and the hunting leopard; besides, ithink, two or three smaller varieties, as the tiger-cat and wild cat.
what do you propose doing to-day?
do you stay here, or advance, wilmot?"
"why, the major wishes to have a shot at the gnoos; he has never killedone yet; and as i am of his opinion, that a day's rest will recover theoxen, and we are in no hurry, i think we may as well stop and provisionour camp for a few days."
"with all my heart.
i am sorry that the hyena has added to our store, byobliging us to kill the poor ox; however, it can not be helped.
there isa large body of gnoos and quaggas under that small hill to the westward;but there are better animals for the table when we get a little furtherto the northward."
"which are those?"
"the eland, the largest of the antelope species, and sometimes weighingmore than a thousand pounds; moreover, they are very fat, and very easyto run down.
they are excellent eating.
when i was in the namaquas'land, we preferred them to any other food; but i see another variety ofgame on the plain there."
omrah pointed them out.
"they are either bushmen (tame bushmen, as theyare called, in contradistinction to the others), or else korannas; mostprobably the latter.
they are coming right towards us; but mahomed saysbreakfast is ready."
by the time that breakfast was finished, a party of twelve korannas hadjoined the caravan.
they made signs that they were hungry, pointing tothe straps which confined their stomachs.
the interpreter told them thatthey were about to hunt, and that they should have some of the game, atwhich they were much pleased.
"do you know what those straps are called, round their waists, wilmot?"
"they are called the belts of famine.
all the natives wearthem when hard pressed by hunger, and they say that they are a greatrelief.
i have no doubt but such is the fact."
"well," said the major, "i hope soon to enable the poor fellows toloosen their belts, and fill their stomachs till they are as tight as adrum.
saddle the horses, bremen.
omrah, you ride my spare horse andcarry my spare rifle."
omrah, who now understood english, although he spoke but few words, gavea nod of the head and went off to the wagon for the major's rifle.
as soon as the horses were ready, our travelers set out in chase of thegnoos and quaggas, which were collected to the westward of the caravan.
bremen, swanevelt, and omrah were mounted, and ten of the hottentotsfollowed with their guns, and the korannas on foot; among the others,big adam, who had been explaining to those who had never seen the gnoosthe manner in which he used to kill them.
the herd permitted them to approach within two hundred yards of them,and then, after curvetting and prancing, and galloping in small circles,they stood still at about the same distance, looking, with curiosity andanger mixed, at the horsemen.
after a time, they took to their heels andscoured the plain for about two miles, when they again stopped, tossingtheir heads and manes, and stamping as if in defiance.
the mounted party remained quiet till those on foot had again drawnnear, and the hottentots, firing their guns, drove the herd within shotof our travelers' guns, and three of the gnoos fell, while the othersbounded off to a greater distance; but as they neared the caravan, theyagain started back, and were again closed in by the whole party.
the hottentots now advanced cautiously, creeping as near as they couldto the animals, whose attention was directed to the horsemen.
thehottentots were nearly within range, when omrah, who was mounted on themajor's spare horse, fastened to the ramrod of the major's rifle a redbandanna handkerchief, which he usually wore round his head, andseparating quickly from the rest of the horsemen, walked his horse towhere big adam was creeping along to gain a shot, and stationed himselfbehind him, waving the red handkerchief at the animals.
omrah was wellaware that a gnoo is as much irritated at a red handkerchief as a bull,and as soon as he commenced waving it, one of the largest males steppedout in that direction, pawing the ground and preparing for a charge.
big adam, who had no idea that omrah was so occupied behind him, nowrose to have a shot, and just as he rose the gnoo made his charge, andbig adam, being between the gnoo and the horse which omrah rode, was ofcourse the party against whom the animal's choler was raised.
omrah, as soon as the animal charged, had wheeled round and gallopedaway, while in the meantime big adam, perceiving the animal rushing athim, lost all presence of mind, his gun went off without effect, and heturned tail; the horns of the gnoo were close upon him, when of asudden, to the surprise of those who were looking on, big adamdisappeared, and the gnoo passed over where he had been.
"why, what has become of him?"
said alexander, laughing.
"i don't know, but i think he has had a wonderful escape," replied themajor: "he has disappeared like a ghost through a trap-door."
"but i see his heels," cried swinton, laughing; "he has fallen into anant-eater's hole, depend upon it; that mischievous little urchin mighthave caused his death."
"it was only to make him prove his steady aim which he was boasting somuch about," replied the major; "but stop a moment; i will bring downthat gallant little animal, and then we will look for big adam."
but before the major could get near enough to the gnoo, which was stilltearing up the ground and looking for his adversary, omrah, who had putby the handkerchief, advanced with the major's rifle, and brought theanimal down.
a volley was at the same time discharged at the herd by thehottentots, and three more fell, after which the remainder scamperedaway, and were soon out of sight.
they then rode up to where big adam had disappeared, and found him, asswinton had supposed, in a deep ant-eater's hole, head downward, andbellowing for help.
his feet were just above the surface, and that wasall; the hottentots helped him out, and big adam threw himself on hisback, and seemed exhausted with fright and having been so long in areversed position, and was more vexed at the laugh which was raisedagainst him.
the gnoos were soon cut up, and when the hottentots had taken away asmuch as they required, the rest of the carcasses were made over to thehungry korannas.
swinton shook his head at omrah, who pretended that hedid not understand why, until the laughter of alexander and the majorwas joined in by swinton himself.
as they had pretty well fatigued their horses in the chase, theyresolved to return to the caravan, and keep them as fresh as they couldfor future service.
they dined and supped on the flesh of the gnoos,which was approved of, and after supper alexander said--"and now,swinton, if you feel inclined, the major and i will be very glad to hearyour history of the mantatees."
"with pleasure," replied swinton.
"the assemblage of tribes known as themantatees or invaders, according to the best authorities we can collect,inhabited the countries to the westward of the zoolu territory, in thesame latitude, which is that of delagoa bay.
as all these tribes subsistalmost entirely upon the flesh and the milk of their cattle, if deprivedof them, they are driven to desperation, and must either become robbersin their turn, or perish by hunger.
such was the case of the mantatees.
unable to withstand the attacks of the zoolus, they were driven fromtheir country, and joined their forces with others who had shared thesame fate.
"such was the origin of the mantatees, who, although they had notcourage to withstand the attacks of the zoolus, were stimulated bydesperation and famine to a most extraordinary courage in the attackswhich they made upon others.
"forming an immense body, now that they were collected together,accompanied by their wives and children, and unable to procure thenecessary subsistence, it is certain that their habits were so farchanged that they at last became cannibals, and were driven to prey uponthe dead bodies of their enemies, or the flesh of their comrades whofell in the combats.
"the bechuana tribes, who are the caffres of the interior, were thefirst assailed, their towns sacked and burned, and their cattle seizedand devoured.
they proceeded on to the wankeets, one of the damaratribes, who inhabit the western coast to the northward of the namaqualand; but the wankeets were a brave people, and prepared for them, andthe mantatees were driven back with great slaughter.
astounded at theirdefeat, they turned to the southward, and invaded the bechuana country.
"at that time our missionaries had established themselves at koranna,and when the report of the mantatees advancing was brought to them, thebechuanas were in a great consternation; for although finer-looking menthan the eastern caffres, they are not by any means so brave andwarlike.
"as the advance of these people would have been the ruin of the mission,as well as the destruction of the tribe, who were afraid to encounterthem, mr. m., the missionary, determined upon sending for the assistanceof the griquas, the people whom i have before mentioned, and who had notonly horses, but were well armed.
the griquas came under their chief,waterboer, and marched against the enemy, accompanied by a large armyof bechuanas, who, encouraged by the presence of the griquas, now wentforth to the combat.
"the mantatees had at that time advanced as far, and had takenpossession of, litakoo, a bechuana town, containing 16,000 inhabitants;and i will now give, as nearly as i can recollect it, the account of mr.m., the missionary at kuruman, who accompanied the griquas to proposeand effect, if it were possible, an amicable arrangement with theinvaders.
"he told me that as they proceeded with a small party, ahead of thegriqua force, to effect their purpose, they passed by numbers of theenemy, who had advanced to the pools to drink, and had there sunk downand expired from famine.
as they neared the mass of the enemy, theyfound that all the cattle which they had captured were inclosed in thecenter of a vast multitude.
they attempted a parley, but the enemystarted forward, and hurled their spears with the most savage fury, andthey were compelled to retreat, finding no hopes of obtaining a parley.
"the next day it was decided that the griquas should advance.
theynumbered about one hundred well-mounted and well-armed men.
the enemyflew at them with terrible howls, hurling their javelins and clubs;their black dismal appearance, their savage fury, and their hoarse loudvoices producing a strange effect.
the griquas, to prevent their beingsurrounded, very wisely retreated.
"it was at last decided that the griquas should fire, and it was hopedthat as the mantatees had never seen the effects of fire-arms they wouldbe humbled and alarmed, and thus further bloodshed might be prevented.
many of the mantatees fell; but, although the survivors looked withastonishment upon the dead and their wounded warriors writhing in thedust, they flew with lion-like vengeance at the horsemen, wrenching theweapons from the hands of their dying companions, to replace those whichthey had already discharged at their antagonists.
"as those who thus stepped out from the main body to attack the griquaswere the chiefs of the mantatees, and many of them were killed, theirdeaths, one after the other, disheartened the whole body.
"after the griquas had commenced the attack, the bechuana army came upand assisted with their poisoned arrows, with which they plied theenemy; but a small body of the fierce mantatees, sallying out, put thewhole of the bechuanas to flight.
"after a combat of two hours and a half, the griquas, finding theirammunition failing, determined, at great risk, to charge the whole body.
they did so, and the mantatees gave way, and fled in a westerlydirection; but they were intercepted by the griquas, and another chargebeing made, the whole was pell-mell and confusion.
"mr. m. says that the scene which now presented itself was most awful,and the state of suspense most cruel.
the undulating country around wascovered with warriors--griquas, mantatees, and bechuanas, all inmotion--so that it was impossible to say who were enemies and who werefriends.
clouds of dust rose from the immense masses, some flying,others pursuing; and to their screams and yells were added the bellowingof the oxen, the shouts of the yet unvanquished warriors, the groans ofthe dying, and the wails of women and of children.
at last the enemyretreated to the town, which they set in flames, to add to the horror ofthe scene.
"then another desperate struggle ensued, the mantatees attempted toinclose the griquas in the burning town; but not succeeding, they fledprecipitately.
strange to say, the mantatee forces were divided into twoparts, and during the time that the griquas engaged the one, the otherremained in the town, having such confidence in the former that they didnot come to their assistance.
"when the town was set on fire, both armies united, and retreatedtogether to the northward, in a body of not less than 40,000 warriors.
as soon as the mantatees retreated, the bechuanas commenced the work ofslaughter.
women and children were butchered without mercy; but as forthe wounded mantatees, it appeared as if nothing would make them yield.
there were many instances of an individual being surrounded by fiftybechuanas, but as long as life remained he fought.
"mr. m. says that he saw more than one instance of a mantatee fightingwildly against numbers, with ten or twelve arrows and spears pierced inhis body.
struggling with death, the men would rally, raise themselvesfrom the ground, discharge their weapons, and fall dead, theirrevengeful and hostile spirit only ceasing when life was extinct."
"and yet these same people permitted their own country to be taken fromthem by the zoolus."
"yes, it was so; but want and necessity had turned them into desperatewarriors."
"i wonder they never thought of going back and recovering their owncountry.
they would have been a match for the zoolus.
is that the end oftheir history, swinton?"
"no, not quite.
but perhaps you are tired?"
pray go on."
"the mantatees, although defeated by the griquas, soon recovered theircourage, and intelligence came that they were about to make a descentupon kuruman, where the missionaries had their station.
the mantatees,having been informed that the griquas had gone home, now determined torevenge themselves upon the bechuanas, whom they considered but as thedust under their feet.
"on this information, mr. m. wrote to waterboer, who commanded thegriquas, requesting his immediate return; but waterboer replied that animmense body of mantatees were coming down upon the griquas by the valor yellow river, and that they were forced to remain, to defend theirown property, advising mr. m. to retreat with his family to the griquatown, and put themselves under their protection.
"as they could no longer remain, the mission station was abandoned, andthe missionaries, with their wives and families, retreated to griquatown.
they had not, however, been long at griqua town before newsarrived that both the bodies of mantatees had altered their routes.
one portion of them went eastward, toward the country from which theyhad been driven by the zoolus, and another, it appears, took possessionof the country near the sources of the orange river, where for manyyears they carried on a predatory warfare with the tribes in thatdistrict.
at last a portion of them were incorporated, and settled downon that part which is now known as the mantatee new country; theremainder made an irruption into the eastern caffre country, where theywere known as the ficani."
"and what became of them?"
"they defeated one or two of the caffre chiefs, and the caffres imploredthe assistance of the english colonists, which was granted, and a largearmed force was sent out against the invaders.
they were foundlocated--for they had built a town--near the sources of the umtatariver.
the caffres joined with all their forces, and the ficani weresurprised.
a horrid slaughter took place; muskets, artillery andcongreve rockets were poured upon the unfortunate wretches, who werehemmed in on all sides by the caffres, and the unfortunate ficani may besaid to have been exterminated, for the caffres spared neither man,woman nor child.
such is the history of the mantatees; their destructionwas horrible, but perhaps unavoidable."
"very true," observed alexander; "i can not help thinking thatdesolating contests like these are permitted by a controlling providenceas chastisements, yet with a gracious end; for, surely it was betterthat they should meet with immediate death, than linger till famine putan end to their misery.
this is certain, that they must have beendestroyed, or others destroyed to make room for them.
in either case agreat sacrifice of life was to be incurred.
war, dreadful as it is indetail, appears to be one of the necessary evils of human existence, anda means by which we do not increase so rapidly as to devour each other.
"i don't know whether you have made the observation, but it appears tome the plague and cholera are almost necessary in the countries wherethey break out; and it is very remarkable that the latter disease nevermade its appearance in europe (at least not for centuries, i may say)until after peace had been established, and the increase of populationwas so rapid.
"during the many years that europe was devastated and the populationthinned by war, we had no cholera, and but little of one or two otherepidemics which have since been very fatal.
what i mean to infer is,that the hand of providence may be seen in all this.
thus sanguinarywars and the desolating ravages of disease, which are in themselvesafflictive visitations, and probably chastisements for national sins,may nevertheless have the effect, in some cases, of preventing themiseries which result from an undue increase of population."
"you may be quite right, alexander," observed swinton; "the ways ofheaven are inscrutably mysterious, and when we offer up prayers for theremoval of what may appear to be a heavy calamity, we may be deprecatingthat which in the end may prove a mercy."
"one thing i could not help remarking in your narrative, swinton,"observed the major, "which is the position of the missionaries duringthis scene of terror.
you passed it slightly over, but it must have beenmost trying."
"most surely it was."
"and yet i have not only read but heard much said against them, andstrong opposition made to subscriptions for their support."
"i grant it, but it is because people know that a great deal of moneyhas been subscribed, and do not know the uses to which it is applied.
they hear reports read, and find perhaps that the light of the gospelhas but as yet glimmered in one place or another; that in other placesall labor has hitherto been thrown away.
they forget that it is thegrain of mustard-seed which is to become a great tree, and spread itsbranches; they wish for immoderate returns, and are thereforedisappointed.
of course i can not give an opinion as to the manner inwhich the missions are conducted in other countries; but as i havevisited most of the missions in these parts, i can honestly assert, andi think you have already yourself seen enough to agree with me, that themoney intrusted to the societies is not thrown away or lavishlyexpended; the missionaries labor with their own hands, and almostprovide for their own support."
"there i agree with you, swinton," replied alexander; "but what are theobjections raised against them?
for now that i have seen them with myown eyes, i can not imagine what they can be."
"the objections which i have heard, and have so often attempted torefute, are, that the generality of missionaries are a fanatical classof men, who are more anxious to inculcate the peculiar tenets of theirown sects and denominations than the religion of our saviour; that mostof them are uneducated and vulgar men--many of them very intemperate andvery injudicious--some few of them of bad moral character; and thattheir exertions, if they have used them--whether to civilize or tochristianize the people among whom they are sent--have not been followedby any commensurate results."
"and now let us have your replies to these many objections."
"it is no doubt true that the missionaries who are laboring among thesavages of the interior are, many, if not most of them, people oflimited education.
indeed, the major portion of them have been broughtup as mechanics.
but i much question whether men of higher attainmentsand more cultivated minds would be better adapted to meet the capacitiesof unintellectual barbarians.
a highly-educated man may be appreciatedamong those who are educated themselves; but how can he be appreciatedby the savage?
on the contrary, the savage looks with much more respectupon a man who can forge iron, repair his weapons, and excite hisastonishment by his cunning workmanship; for then the savage perceivesand acknowledges his superiority, which in the man of intellect he wouldnever discover.
"besides, admitting that it would be preferable to employ persons ofhigher mental attainments, where are they to be found?
could you expect,when so many laborers are required in the vineyard, a sufficient numberof volunteers among the young men brought up at the universities?
wouldthey be able to submit to those privations, and incur those hardships,to which the african missionaries are exposed?
would they be able towork hard and labor for their daily bread, or be willing to encountersuch toil and such danger as must be encountered by those who are senthere?
i fear not.
and allow me here to remark, that at the firstpreaching of christianity it was not talented and educated men who wereselected by our saviour; out of the twelve, the apostle paul was theonly one who had such claims.
"if we had beheld the galilean fishermen mending their nets, should wehave ever imagined that those humble laborers were to be the people whoshould afterward regenerate the world?--should overthrow the idolatriesand crumble the superstitions of ancient empires and kingdoms?--and thatwhat they--uneducated, but, we admit, divinely inspired andsupported--had taught should be joyfully received, as it is now, we maysay, from the rising to the setting of the sun, to the utmost boundariesof the earth?"
"most truly and most admirably argued, swinton," replied alexander.
"thealmighty, as if to prove how insignificant in his sight is all humanpower, has often made use of the meanest instruments to accomplish thegreatest ends.
who knows but that even our keeping holy the sabbath-dayin the desert may be productive of some good, and be the humble means ofadvancing the divine cause?
we must ever bear in mind the counsel, 'inthe morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thy hand; forthou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whetherthey both shall be alike good.'"
"surely so," replied swinton; "the natives consider us as a superiorrace; they see our worship, and they are led to think that must be rightwhich they perceive is done by those to whom they look up as theirsuperiors.
it may induce them to inquire and to receiveinformation--eventually to be enrolled among the followers of oursaviour.
it is, however, not to be denied that in some few instancespersons have been chosen for the office of missionaries who have provedthemselves unworthy; but that must and will ever be the case wherehuman agents are employed.
but it argues no more against the generalrespectability and utility of the missionaries as a body, than theadmission of the traitor judas among the apostles.
to the efficacy oftheir works, and their zeal in the cause, i myself, having visited thestation, have no hesitation in bearing testimony.
indeed i can not butadmire the exemplary fortitude, the wonderful patience and perseverance,which the missionaries have displayed.
"these devoted men are to be found in the remotest deserts, accompanyingthe wild and wandering savages from place to place, suffering fromhunger and from thirst, destitute of almost every comfort, and at timeswithout even the necessaries of life.
some of them have withoutmurmuring spent their whole lives in such service; and yet their zeal isset down as fanaticism by those who remain at home, and assert that themoney raised for their equipment is thrown away.
happily, they have notlooked for their reward in this world, but have built their hopes uponthat which is to come."
"that the people who joined the mission stations have become morecivilized, and that they are very superior to their countrymen, iscertain," observed the major; "but have you seen any proof ofchristianity having produced any remarkably good effect among thenatives?--i mean one that might be brought forward as convincingevidence to those who have shown themselves inimical or lukewarm in thecause."
"yes," replied swinton, "the history of africaner is one; and there areothers, although not so prominent as that of the party to whom i refer."
"well, swinton, you must now be again taxed.
you must give us thehistory of africaner."
"that i will, with pleasure, that you may be able to narrate it, whenrequired, in support of the missions.
africaner was a chief, and adescendant of chiefs of the hottentot nation, who once pastured theirown flocks and herds on their own native hills, within a hundred milesof cape town.
as the dutch colonists at the cape increased, so did they,as mr. fairburn has stated to alexander, dispossess the hottentots oftheir lands, and the hottentots, unable to oppose their invaders,gradually found themselves more and more remote from the possessions oftheir forefathers.
"after a time, africaner and his diminished clan found themselvescompelled to join and take service under a dutch boor, and for some timeproved himself a most faithful shepherd in looking after and securingthe herds of his employer.
had the dutch boor behaved with commonhumanity, not to say gratitude, toward those who served him so well, hemight now have been alive; but, like all the rest of his countrymen, heconsidered the hottentots as mere beasts of burden, and at any momentaryanger they were murdered and hunted down as if they were wild animals.
"africaner saw his clan daily diminished by the barbarity of his feudalmaster, and at last resolved upon no further submission.
as the bushmenwere continually making attempts upon the cattle of the boor, africanerand his people had not only been well trained to fire-arms, but had themconstantly in their possession.
his assumed master, having an idea thatthere would be a revolt, resolved upon sending a portion of africaner'speople to a distant spot, where he intended to secure them, and by theirdestruction weaken the power of the clan.
"this, as he was a sort of magistrate, he had the power to enforce; butafricaner, suspecting his views, resolved to defeat them.
order afterorder was sent to the huts of africaner and his people.
they positivelyrefused to comply.
they requested to be paid for their long services,and be permitted to retire further into the interior.
this was sternlydenied, and they were ordered to appear at the house of the boor.
fearful of violence, yet accustomed to obey his order, africaner and hisbrothers went up; but one of his brothers concealed his gun under hiscloak.
on their arrival, the boor came out and felled africaner to theground.
his brother immediately shot the boor with his gun, and thus didthe miscreant meet with the just reward of his villainies and murder.
"the wife, who had witnessed the murder of her husband, shrieked andimplored mercy; they told her that she need not be alarmed, butrequested that the guns and ammunition in the house should be deliveredup to them, which was immediately done.
africaner then hastened back tohis people, collected them and all his cattle, with what effects theycould take with them, and directed his course to the orange river.
"he was soon out of the reach of his pursuers, for it required time inso scattered a district to collect a sufficient force.
africaner fixedhis abode upon the banks of the orange river, and afterward a chiefceding to him his dominion in great namaqua land, the territory becamehis by right as well as by conquest.
i think i had better leave off now;it is getting late, and we must to bed, if we are to start earlyto-morrow morning."
"we will have mercy upon you, swinton, and defer our impatience," saidthe major.
"good-night to you, and may you not have a lion's serenade."
"no, i hope not; their music is too loud to be agreeable;--good-night."
having filled their water-kegs, the next morning at day-light they yokedthe oxen and left the banks of the cradock or black river, to proceedmore to the northward, through the bushmen's country; but as they wereaware that there was no water to be procured, if they quitted the streamaltogether, till they arrived at the val or yellow river, they decidedupon following the course of the black river to the westward for sometime, before they struck off for the val or yellow river, near to whichthey expected to fall in with plenty of game, and particularly thegiraffe and rhinoceros.
although at that season of the year the river was nearly dry, stillthere was a scanty herbage on and near its bank, intermixed with beds ofrushes and high reeds; this was sufficient for the pasture of thecattle, but it was infested with lions and other animals, which at thedry season of the year kept near the river-bank for a supply of water.
by noon they had proceeded about fifteen miles to the westward, and asthey advanced they found that the supply of water in the river was moreabundant; they then unyoked the cattle to allow them to feed till theevening, for it was too dangerous to turn them loose at night.
as theywere in no hurry, they resolved that they would only travel for thefuture from daylight till noon; the afternoon and evening were to bespent in hunting, and at night they were to halt the caravan and secureevery thing as before, by inclosing the horses and sheep, and tying upthe oxen.
by this arrangement the cattle would not be exhausted with their labor,and they would have time to follow the object of their journey--that ofhunting the wild animals with which the country abounded, and also ofprocuring a constant supply of food for themselves and their attendants.
having now traveled as far as they wished, they stopped at the foot of arising ground, about a quarter of a mile from the river's bank, andwhich was on the outskirts of a large clump of mimosa and other trees.
as soon as the cattle were unyoked and had gone down to the river todrink, our travelers ordered their horses to be saddled, and as thebanks of the river on that side were low, they rode up to the risingground to view the country beyond, and to ascertain what game might bein sight.
when they arrived at the summit, and were threading their way throughthe trees, omrah pointed to a broken branch, and said, "elephant herenot long ago."
bremen said that omrah was right, and that the animals could not haveleft more than a week, and that probably they had followed the course ofthe stream.
the print of another foot was observed by omrah, and hepointed it out; but not knowing the name to give the animal in englishor dutch, he imitated its motions.
"does he mean a gnoo?"
omrah shook his head, and, raising his hands up, motioned that theanimal was twice as big.
"come here, bremen; what print of a hoof is this?"
"buffalo, sir,--fresh print--was here last night."
"that's an animal that i am anxious to slay," said the major.
"you must be very careful that he does not slay _you_," replied swinton;"for it is a most dangerous beast, almost as much so as a lion."
"well, we must not return without one, at all events," said alexander;"nor without a lion also, as soon as we can find one alone; but those wehave seen in the daytime have always been in threes and fours, and ithink the odds too great with our party; but the first single lion wefall in with, i vote we try for his skin."
"agreed," replied the major; "what do you say, swinton?"
"why, i say agreed also; but as i came here to look for other thingsrather than lions, i should say, as far as i am concerned, that the bestpart of valor would be discretion.
however, depend upon it, if you goafter a lion i shall be with you: i have often been at the destructionof them when with dutch boors; but then recollect we have no horses tospare, and therefore we must not exactly follow their method."
"how do they hunt the lions, then?"
"they hunt them more for self-defense than for pleasure," repliedswinton; "but on the outskirts of the colony the lions are sodestructive to the herds, that the colonists must destroy them.
theygenerally go out, ten or twelve of them, with their long guns, not fewerif possible; and you must recollect that these boors are not only verycool, brave men, but most excellent shots.
i fear you will not find thatnumber among our present party, as, with the exception of our threeselves and breman and swanevelt, i do not believe that there is one manhere who would face a lion; so that when we do attack one, it will be ata disadvantage.
"the dutch boors, as soon as they have ascertained where the lion lies,approach the bushes to within a moderate distance, and then alighting,they make all their horses fast together with their bridles andhalters.
in this there is danger, as sometimes the lion will spring outupon them at once, and, if so, probably not only horses but men aresacrificed.
if the lion remains quiet, which is usually the case, theyadvance toward him within thirty paces or thereabouts, as they know thathe generally makes a spring at half that distance; but as they advance,they back their horses toward him, as a shield in front of them, knowingthat the lion will spring upon the horses.
"as they move forward, the lion at first looks at them very calmly, andvery often wags his tail as if in a playful humor; but when theyapproach nearer, he growls, as if to warn them off.
then, as theycontinue to approach, he gradually draws up his hind legs under hisbody, ready for a spring at them as soon as they are within distance,and you see nothing of him except his bristling mane and his eyesglaring like fire; for he is then fully enraged, and in the act ofspringing the next moment.
"this is the critical moment, and the signal is given for half the partyto fire.
if they are not successful in laying him dead on the spot withthis first volley, he springs like a thunderbolt upon the horses.
theremainder of the party then fire, and seldom fail to put an end to him;but generally one or more of the horses are either killed or so woundedas to be destroyed in consequence; and sometimes, although rarely, oneor more of the hunters share the same fate.
so you observe that, withevery advantage, it is a service of danger, and therefore should not beundertaken without due precaution."
"very true, swinton; but it will never do to return to the cape withouthaving killed a lion."
"as you please; but even that would be better than being killed yourselfby a lion, and not returning at all.
however, my opinion is that youwill have to kill a lion before you have traveled much further, withoutgoing in quest of him.
there are hundreds of them here; as many as thereare in namaqua-land."
said bremen, pointing to seven or eight splendidantelopes about a mile distant.
"i see," replied the major.
"what are they?"
"gemsbok," said swinton.
"now i will thank you for a specimen of thatbeautiful creature, if you can get it for me.
we must dismount, leaveour horses here, and crawl along from tree to tree, and bush to bush,till we get within shot."
"they are, indeed, noble animals.
look at that large male, which appearsto be the leader and master of the herd.
what splendid horns!"
"give the horses to omrah and swanevelt.
bremen shall go with us.
hist;not a word; they are looking in this direction."
said the major.
"recollect to try for the large male.
i want him most particularly,"said swinton.
"master," said bremen, "we must creep till we get those bushes betweenus and the game.
then we can crawl through the bushes and get a goodshot."
"yes, that will be the best plan," said swinton.
"as softly as we can,for they are very shy animals."
they followed one another for two or three hundred yards, creeping fromone covert to another, till they had placed the bushes on the plainbetween them and the herd.
they then stopped a little and reconnoitered.
the herd of antelopes had left off feeding, and now had all their headsturned toward the bushes, and in the direction where they wereconcealed; the large male rather in advance of the others, with his longhorns pointing forward, and his nose close to the ground.
our party keptsilence for some time, watching the animals; but none of them moved muchfrom their positions; and as for the male, he remained as if he were astatue.
"they must have scented us," whispered alexander.
"no, sir," said bremen; "the wind blows from them to us.
i can't thinkwhat they are about.
but perhaps they may have seen us."
"at all events, we shall gain nothing by remaining here; we shall bemore concealed as we descend and approach them," observed the major.
"that is true; so come along.
creep like mice," said swinton.
they did so, and at last arrived at the patch of brushwood which wasbetween them and the antelopes, and were now peeping and creeping tofind out an opening to fire through, when they heard a rustling within.
bremen touched the sleeve of the major and beckoned a retreat, andmotioned to the others; but before they could decide, as they did notknow why the hottentot proposed it, for he did not speak himself, andput his hand to his mouth as a hint to them to be silent, a roar likethunder came from the bushes, within three yards of them, accompaniedwith a rushing noise which could not be mistaken.
it was the roar andspring of the lion; and they looked round amazed and stunned, toascertain who was the victim.
exclaimed alexander, "and no one hurt!"
"no, master; lion spring at antelope.
now we shall find him on otherside of the bush, and kill him easy, when his eyes are shut."
bremen led the way round the copse, followed by our travelers; they soonarrived on the other side of it, with their guns all ready; but on theirarrival, to their astonishment they perceived the lion and the malegemsbok lying together.
the antelope was dead, but the lion still alive;though the horns of the gemsbok had passed through his body.
at thesight of the hunters, the lion, pierced through as he was, raised hishead with a loud roar, and struck out with his paw, as he twisted towardthem, his eyes glowing like hot coals, and showing his tremendous fangs.
alexander was the first who fired, and the ball penetrating the brain ofthe noble animal, it fell down dead upon the body of the antelope.
"this is the finest sight i ever witnessed," observed swinton.
"i haveheard that the gemsboks' horns are sometimes fatal to the lion, but icould hardly credit it.
they have passed nearly through his body; thepoints are under the skin."
"now we know, master, why gemsbok have his nose to the ground and hishorn pointed," said bremen; "he saw the lion, and fought him to save hisherd."
"i am quite stunned yet," observed alexander.
"what a noble animal itis!
well, at all events i can say that i have shot a lion, which ismore than you can, major."
"i only wish that when i shoot one i may have no more danger to incur,"replied the major.
"what a different idea does one have of a lion in amenagerie and one in its free and native state.
why, the menagerie lionscan't roar at all; they are nothing but overgrown cats, compared to thelion of the desert."
"that is very true," observed swinton; "however, i am delighted, for nowi have not only my gemsbok, which is a gem above price, but also as finea lion as i have ever seen.
i should like to have them stuffed and setup just as they were before alexander killed them.
his rage and agonycombined were most magnificent.
after all, the lion is the king of thebeasts.
bremen, send swanevelt to the caravan for some of the men.
imust have both skin and skeleton of the antelope, and the skin of thelion."
our travelers were quite satisfied with the sport of the day, and afterwaiting for some time, while the hottentots disentangled the animals andtook off the skins, they returned to the caravan, omrah having secured aportion of the flesh of the gemsbok for their supper.
as they were returning, they observed a herd of buffaloes at a greatdistance, and proposed to themselves the hunting of them after they hadhalted on the following day, if the animals were at any reasonabledistance from them.
at supper the flesh of the antelope was pronouncedbetter than that of the gnoo; and after supper, as soon as the cattlehad been all secured, and the fires lighted, alexander proposed thatswinton should finish his history of africaner.
"if i remember right, i left off where africaner and his people hadescaped to namaqua-land, where he became a chief.
attempts were made totake him prisoner and bring him to the colony, but without success.
expedition after expedition failed, and africaner dared them to approachhis territories.
at last, the colonists had recourse to the griquas, andoffered them a large reward if they would bring africaner in.
"the griquas, commanded by a celebrated chief of the name of berend,made several attempts, and in consequence a cruel war was carried onbetween berend and africaner, in which neither party gained theadvantage.
africaner, discovering that the colonists had bribed berendto make war against him, now turned his wrath against them.
a dutch boorfell a victim to his fury, and he carried off large quantities of theircattle, and eventually africaner became the terror of the colony.
thenatives also who resided in namaqua-land commenced depredations uponafricaner, but he repaid them with such interest that at last everytribe fled at his approach, and his name carried dismay into theirsolitary wastes.
the courage and intrepidity shown by africaner and hisbrothers in their various combats were most remarkable; but to narrateall his adventures would occupy too much time.
it is certain that he notonly became dreaded, but in consequence of his forbearance on severaloccasions he was respected.
"it was in 1810 that the missionaries came into the namaqua-land, and itunfortunately happened that a dispute arose about some of africaner'sproperty which was seized, and at the same time africaner lost somecattle.
the parties who were at variance with africaner lived near tothe mission station, and very unwisely the people at the mission stationwere permitted to go to their assistance.
"this roused the anger of africaner, who vowed vengeance on the missionand the people collected around it or connected with it.
as africanerhad commenced his attacks upon the namaquas, and was advancing towardthe mission, the missionaries were compelled to abandon the station andreturn to the colony.
the mission station was soon afterward takenpossession of by africaner, and the houses burned to the ground.
"a curious circumstance occurred during this affair: his followers wereseeking everywhere for plunder, when some of them entered the burialground, and one of them, treading on an apparently new made grave, wasastonished by soft notes of music proceeding from the ground beneath.
"superstitious as the natives are, and having most of them, in formerdays, heard something of the christian doctrines, they started and stoodtransfixed with astonishment, expecting the dead to arise, as they hadbeen once told.
one of them mustered courage to put his foot again uponthe spot, and the reply was soft and musical as before.
away they allstarted to africaner, to inform him that there was life and music in thegrave.
"the chief, who feared neither the living nor the dead, went to theburial-ground with his men, and jumped upon the spot, which immediatelygave out the soft note as before.
africaner ordered an immediateexhumation, when the source of the mystery proved to be the piano-forteof the missionary's wife, which being too cumbrous an article to takeaway, had been buried there, with the hope of being one day able torecover it.
never having seen such an instrument before, africaner hadit dissected for the sake of the brass wires; and thus the piano wasdestroyed."
"i doubt if it would ever have been dug up in caffreland," observedalexander.
"i am convinced it never would have been, but have remained as a wonderand object of fear as long as it held together," replied swinton; "butto proceed--"the mission station having been for some time broken up by this attackof africaner, mr. c., a missionary, anxious to restore it, wrote aletter to africaner on the subject, and received a favorable reply, anda mr. e. was sent to the residence of africaner himself.
after a shorttime, africaner and his two brothers, with a number of others, werebaptized.
"at first it must be admitted that their profession of christianity didnot greatly improve their conduct; but this was very much to be ascribedto the circumstance that the duties of the station had devolved upon onewho ought not to have been selected for the task.
upon his removal, anda more fitting minister of the gospel taking his place, a great changewas soon observable in africaner; and, from having been one of the mostremorseless pursuers of his vengeance--a firebrand spreading discord,war and animosity among the neighboring tribes--he would now make everyconcession and any sacrifice to prevent collision and bloodshed betweencontending parties.
"although his power was so great that he might have raised his arm anddared them to lift a spear or draw a bow, he would entreat them as asuppliant to be reconciled.
"'look at me,' he would say, 'how many battles have i fought; how muchcattle have i taken; but what has it done for me, but make me full ofshame and sorrow?'
"in short, from that time till he died, he became a peacemaker and achristian, both in word and deed.
his whole life was devoted to acts ofkindness and charity--to instructing and exhorting, and following theprecepts of him in whose faith eventually he lived and died."
"well, swinton, you have indeed given us a remarkable proof that themissionary labors are not always thrown away, and we thank you for yourcompliance with our request."
"it is a remarkable instance, if you only consider how many hundreds oflives might have been sacrificed, if africaner had continued his careerof slaughter and of plunder; and how many lives, i may add, have beenalso saved by his interference as a peacemaker, instead of being, as heformerly was, a promoter of war and bloodshed."
"swinton," said alexander, "i wanted to ask you a question which i hadnearly forgotten.
do you recollect what bremen said to us, that the lionhad seized the gemsbok, and that now the lion would shut his eyes, andthat he would shoot him?"
"yes, i do; and he was correct in what he stated, for i have witnessedit myself.
when a lion seizes a large animal like an ox or horse, or theanimal he fell a martyr to this afternoon, he springs upon it, seizes itby the throat with his terrible fangs, and holds it down with his pawstill it expires.
from the moment the lion seizes his prey, he shuts hiseyes, and never opens them again until the life of his prey is extinct.
i remember a hottentot, when a lion had seized an ox in this way,running up to him with his gun and firing within a few yards' distance.
the lion, however, did not deign to notice the report of the gun, butcontinued to hold fast his prey.
the hottentot loaded again, fired, andagain missed; reloaded again, and then shot the lion through the head."
"how very strange!"
"it is, and i can not give any reason for it; but that it is so, i wellknow to be a fact.
perhaps it may be that the animal, after longfasting, is quite absorbed with the grateful taste of the blood flowinginto his mouth, while the animal is writhing under his clutches.
butthere are many singular points about the lion, which is a much morenoble and intelligent animal than most people have any idea of; i havecollected a number of facts relative to his majesty which would surpriseyou.
the bushmen know the animal and his habits so well, that theyseldom come to any accident from their inhabiting a country in which ireally believe the population of lions exceeds that of bushmen."
"is it true that the lion, as well as other animals, is afraid of theeye of man?"
said the major; "can you reply to that question?"
"yes, i can," answered swinton; "i was about to say that he is and isnot, but a better answer will be to give you what has come to myknowledge: i consider that the lion is a much more dangerous animal inthis country, and indeed in any other where there are no firearms, thanwhere the occupants are possessed of them.
"it may appear strange, but it is my fixed opinion, that the lion has anidea of the deadly nature of firearms, and that he becomes inconsequence more afraid of man.
you remember a story i told you of alion watching a man for two days without destroying him, but neverpermitting him to lay hold of his gun.
now it is satisfactorily provedthat a lion will pass a man who has a gun in his hand without attackinghim, provided that he does not attempt to level the gun; but the momentthat he does he will spring upon him.
"an instance of that occurred to the great lion-hunter diedrich muller,who mentioned it to me.
he had been alone hunting in the wilds, when hecame suddenly upon a large lion, which, instead of giving way as theyusually do, seemed disposed, from the angry attitude which he assumed,to dispute his progress.
"muller instantly alighted, and, confident of his unerring aim, leveledhis gun at the forehead of the lion, which had crouched in the act tospring, within sixteen paces of him; but as he fired, his horse, whosebridle was round his arm, started back, and, jerking him aside, causedhim to miss; the lion bounded forward, but stopped within a few paces,confronting muller, who stood defenseless, as his gun was discharged,and his horse had galloped off.
"the man and the beast stood looking each other in the face for a shorttime.
at length the lion moved backward, as if to go away.
muller beganloading his gun; the lion looked over his shoulder, growled, andimmediately returned to his former position within a few paces ofmuller.
muller stood still, with his eyes fixed on the animal.
the lionagain moved cautiously off; when he was at a certain distance, mullerproceeded to ram down his bullet.
the lion again looked back and growledangrily.
muller again was quiet, and the animal continued turning andgrowling as it moved off, till at last it bounded away."
"you imagine then, that the lion is aware of the fatal effects offire-arms?"
said the major.
"it would appear so, not only on account of their being so angry ifpresented at them, or being touched even when they are close to them,but also from the greater respect the lion pays to man where fire-armsare in use.
the respect that he pays to men in the colony is not ageneral custom of the animal.
"as i said before, the lion is more dangerous in this bushman country;because, in the first place, his awe of man has been removed, from hisinvariably successful encounters with those who have no weapons offorce with which to oppose him; and, secondly, because he has but toooften tasted human flesh, after which a lion becomes more partial to itthan any other food.
"it is asserted, that when a lion has once succeeded in snatching someunfortunate bushman from his cave, he never fails to return regularlyevery night, in hopes of another meal, until the horde is so harassedthat they are compelled to seek some other shelter.
from apprehension ofsuch attacks, it is also asserted that the bushmen are in the habit ofplacing their aged and infirm people at the entrance of the cave duringthe night, that, should the lion come, the least valuable and mostuseless of their community may first fall a prey to the animal."
"of course, if permitted to help himself in that way, the lion can nothave much fear of man," observed wilmot; "and his lurking abroad in thenight takes away much from the nobleness of disposition which you areinclined to attribute to him."
"by no means," continued swinton.
"that a lion generally lurks and liesin wait to seize his prey is certain, but this is the generalcharacteristic of the feline tribe, of which he may be considered as thehead; and it is for this mode of hunting that nature has fitted him.
"the wolf, the hound, and others, are furnished with an acute scent, andare enabled to tire down their prey by a long chase.
the feline tribeare capable of very extraordinary efforts of activity and speed for avery short time; if they fail to seize their prey at the first spring,or after a few tremendous bounds, they generally abandon the pursuit.
"the lion can spring from nine to twelve yards at a leap, and for a fewseconds can repeat these bounds with such activity and velocity as tooutstrip the movements of the quickest horse; but he can not continuethese amazing efforts and does not attempt it.
in fact, the lion is nomore than a gigantic cat, and he must live by obtaining his prey in thesame manner as a cat.
"in these countries, his prey is chiefly of the antelope species, theswiftest animals on earth; and what chance would he have, if he were togive one of his magnanimous roars to announce his approach?
he knows hisbusiness better; he crouches in the rank grass and reeds by the sides ofthe paths made by the animals to descend to the rivers and pools todrink, and as they pass he makes his spring upon them.
"now i do not consider that his obtaining his food as nature haspointed out to him is any argument against what i consider the reallynoble disposition of the lion, which is, that he does not kill for merecruelty, and that he is really generous, unless compelled by hunger todestroy, as i have already shown by one or two examples."
"we are convinced, my dear swinton," said alexander; "but now let ushave your opinion as to his being afraid to meet the eye of man."
"i consider that the lion will generally retreat before the presence ofman; but he does not retreat cowardly, like the leopard or hyena, andothers.
he never slinks away, he appears calmly to survey his opponent,as apparently measuring his prowess.
i should say that the lion seems tohave a secret impression that man is not his natural prey, and althoughhe will not always give place to him, he will not attack him, if, in thefirst place, the man shows no sign of fear, and in the second, no signsof hostility.
"but this instinctive deference to man is not to be reckoned upon.
hemay be very angry, he may be very hungry, he may have been justdisappointed in taking his prey, or he may be accompanied by the femaleand cubs; in short, the animal's temper may have been ruffled, and inthis case he becomes dangerous.
"an old namaqua chief with whom i was conversing, and who had beenaccustomed to lions from childhood, fully corroborated these opinions,and also that there is that in the eye of man before which the lionquails.
he assured me that the lion very seldom attacks a man, if notprovoked; but he will approach him within a few paces and survey himsteadily.
sometimes he attempts to get behind him, as if he could notstand his look, but was desirous of springing upon him unawares.
hesaid, that if a man in such a case attempted to fly, he would run thegreatest danger, but that if he had presence of mind to confront theanimal, it would in almost every instance after a short time retire.
"now i have already brought forward the instance of muller and the lion,as a proof of the effect of a man's eye upon the lion.
i will now giveanother, still more convincing, as the contact was still closer, andthe lion had even tasted blood.
"a boor of the name of gyt was out with one of his neighbors hunting.
coming to a fountain, surrounded as usual with tall reeds and rushes,gyt gave his gun to his comrade, and alighted to see if there was anywater remaining in it; but as he approached the fountain, an enormouslion started up close at his side, and seized him by the left arm.
gyt,although thus taken by surprise, stood motionless and withoutstruggling, for he was aware that the least attempt to escape wouldoccasion his immediate destruction.
the animal also remained motionless,holding gyt fast by the arm with his fangs, but without biting itseverely, at the same time shutting his eyes, as if he could notwithstand the eyes of his victim fixed upon him."
"what a terrible position!"
"yes; but i may here observe that the lion was induced to seize the manin consequence of their coming so completely in contact, and, as itwere, for self-defense.
had they been further apart, the lion would, asusually is the case, have walked away; and, moreover, the eye of the manbeing so close to him had, at the same time, more power over the lion,so as to induce him to shut his own.
but to continue--"as they stood in this position, gyt recovered his presence of mind, andbeckoned to his comrade to advance with his gun and shoot the lionthrough the head.
this might easily have been done, as the animalcontinued still with his eyes closed, and gyt's body concealed anyobject approaching.
but his comrade was a cowardly scoundrel, and,instead of coming to gyt's assistance, he cautiously crawled up a rockto secure himself from any danger.
for a long while gyt continuedearnestly to entreat his comrade by signs to come to his assistance--thelion continuing all this while perfectly quiet--but in vain."
"how my blood boils at the conduct of this scoundrel," said the major;"admitting his first impulse to have been fear, yet to allow his comradeto remain in that position so long a while covers him with infamy."
"i think if gyt escaped, he must have felt very much inclined to shootthe wretch himself."
"the lion-hunters affirm that, if gyt had but persevered a littlelonger, the animal would have at last released his hold and left gytuninjured; that the grip of the lion was more from fear that the manwould hurt him, than from any wish to hurt the man; and such is myopinion.
but gyt, indignant at the cowardice of his comrade, and losingpatience with the lion, at last drew his hunting-knife, which all theboors invariably carry at their side, and with all the power of hisright arm thrust it into the lion's breast.
"the thrust was a deadly one, for it was aimed with judgment, and gytwas a bold and powerful man; but it did not prove effectual so as tosave gyt's life, for the enraged lion, striving in his death agonies tograpple with gyt,--held at arm's length by the strength of desperationon the part of the boor,--so dreadfully lacerated with his talons thebreast and arms of poor gyt, that his bones were left bare.
"at last the lion fell dead, and gyt fell with him.
his cowardlycompanion, who had witnessed this fearful struggle from the rock, nowtook courage to advance, and carried the mangled body of gyt to thenearest house.
medical aid was at hand, but vainly applied, as on thethird day, he died of a locked jaw.
such was the tragical end of thisrencounter, from the sheer cowardice of gyt's companion.
"i could mention many other instances in which lions have had men intheir power and have not injured them, if they have neither attempted toescape nor to assault; but i think i have given enough already, not onlyto prove the fact of his general forbearance toward man, but also thatthere is something in the eye of man at which the lion and otheranimals, i believe, will quail."
"i can myself give an instance that this fascinating effect, or whateverit may be, of the human eye, is not confined wholly to the lion," saidthe major.
"one of our officers in india, having once rambled into a jungleadjoining the british encampment, suddenly encountered a bengal tiger.
the meeting was evidently most unexpected on both sides, and bothparties made a dead halt, earnestly gazing at each other.
the officerhad no fire-arms with him, although he had his regulation sword by hisside; but that he knew would be of no defense if he had to struggle forlife with such a fearful antagonist.
he was, however, a man of undauntedcourage, and he had heard that even a bengal tiger might be checked bylooking him steadily in the face.
"his only artillery being, like a lady's, that of his eyes, he directedthem point blank at the tiger.
he would have infinitely preferred arifle, as he was not at all sure but that his eyes might miss fire.
however, after a few minutes, during which the tiger had been crouchedready for his spring, the animal appeared disturbed and irresolute,slunk on one side, and then attempted to crawl round behind the officer.
"this, of course, the officer would not permit, and he turned to thetiger as the tiger turned, with the same constancy that, tom moore says,the 'sunflower turns to the sun.'
"the tiger then darted into the thicket, and tried to catch him bycoming suddenly upon him from another quarter, and taking him bysurprise; but our officer was wide awake, as you may suppose, and thetiger, finding that it was no go, at last went off himself, and theofficer immediately went off too, as fast as he could, to theencampment."
"i am glad to have heard your narrative, major," replied swinton; "formany doubts have been thrown upon the question of the power of the humaneye, and your opinion is a very corroborative one."
"do not you imagine that the lion-tamers who exhibit in europe havetaken advantage of this peculiar fact?"
"i have no doubt but that it is one of their great helps; but i thinkthat they resort to other means, which have increased the instinctivefear that the animals have of them.
i have witnessed these exhibitions,and always observed that the man never for a moment took his eyes offthe animal which he was playing with or commanding.
"i have observed that also; but what are the other means to which youallude?"
"i can not positively say, but i can only express an opinion.
the mostpainful and most stunning effects of a blow upon any part of the body,not only of man but of brutes, is a blow on the nose.
many animals, suchas the seal and others, are killed by it immediately, and there is nodoubt but a severe blow on that tender part will paralyze almost anybeast for the time and give him a dread for the future.
i believe thatrepeated blows upon the nose will go further than any other means tobreak the courage of any beast, and i imagine that these are resortedto: but it is only my opinion, recollect, and it must be taken for justas much as it is worth."
"do not you think that animals may be tamed by kindness, if you canproduce in them the necessary proportion of love and fear?"
"yes, i was about to say every animal, but i believe some must beexcepted; and this is from their having so great a fear of man, ratherthan from any other cause.
if their fear could be overcome, they mightbe tamed.
of course there are some animals which have not sufficientreasoning power to admit of their being tamed; for instance, who wouldever think of taming a scorpion?"
"i believe that there is one animal which, although taken as a cub, hasresisted every attempt to tame it in the slightest degree,--this is thegrizzly bear of north america."
"i have heard so too," replied swinton; "at all events, up to thepresent time they have been unsuccessful.
it is an animal of mostunamiable disposition, that is certain; and i would rather encounter tenlions, if all that they say of it is true.
but it is time for us to goto bed.
those fires are getting rather low.
who has the watch?"
the major rose and walked round to find the hottentot who was on thatduty, and found him fast asleep.
after sundry kicks in the ribs, thefellow at last woke up.
"is it your watch?"
"yaw, mynher," replied big adam, rolling out of his kaross.
"well, then, you keep it so well, that you will have no tobacco nexttime it is served out."
"gentlemen all awake and keep watch, so i go to sleep a little," repliedadam, getting up on his legs.
"look to your fires, sir," replied the major, walking to his wagon.
as they fully expected to fall in with a herd of buffaloes as theyproceeded, they started very early on the following morning.
they hadnow the satisfaction of finding that the water was plentiful in theriver, and, in some of the large holes which they passed, they heard thesnorting and blowing of the hippopotami, to the great delight of thehottentots, who were very anxious to procure one, being very partial toits flesh.
as they traveled that day, they fell in with a small party of bushmen;they were shy at first, but one or two of the women at last approached,and receiving some presents of snuff and tobacco, the others soonjoined; and as they understood from omrah and the hottentots that theywere to hunt in the afternoon, they followed the caravan, with the hopesof obtaining food.
they were a very diminutive race, the women, although very well formed,not being more than four feet high.
their countenances werepleasing,--that is, the young ones; and one or two of them would havebeen pretty, had they not been so disfigured with grease and dirt.
indeed the effluvia from them was so unpleasant, that our travelers wereglad that they should keep at a distance; and alexander said to swinton,"is it true that the lion and other animals prefer a black man to awhite, as being of a higher flavor, swinton, or is it only a joke?"
"i should think there must be some truth in the idea," observed themajor; "for they say that the bengal tiger will always take a native inpreference to a european."
"it is, i believe, not to be disputed," replied swinton, "that for oneeuropean devoured by the lion or other animals, he feasts upon tenhottentots or bushmen, perhaps more; but i ascribe the cause of his sodoing, not exactly to his perceiving any difference in the flesh of ablack and white man, and indulging his preference.
the lion, like manyother beasts of prey, is directed to his game by his scent as well as byhis eye; that is certain.
now i appeal to you, who have got rid of thesebushmen, and who know so well how odoriferous is the skin of ahottentot, whether a lion's nose is not much more likely to be attractedby one of either of these tribes of people, than it would by either youor me.
how often, in traveling, have we changed our position, when thewind has borne down upon us the effluvia of the hottentot who wasdriving?--why that effluvia is borne down with the wind for miles, andis as savory to the lion, i have no doubt, as a beefsteak is to us."
"there can, i think, be no doubt of that," said alexander; "but it issaid that they will select a hottentot from white men."
"no doubt of it, because they follow up the scent right to the partyfrom whence it emanates.
i can give you an instance of it.
i was oncetraveling with a dutch farmer, with his wagon and hottentots.
we unyokedand lay down on the sand for the night; there were the farmer and i, twohottentot men and a woman--by the by, a very fat one, and whoconsequently was more heated by the journey.
during the night a lioncame and carried away the woman from among us all, and by his tracks, aswe found on the following morning, he had passed close to the farmer andmyself."
"was the woman killed?"
"the night was so dark that we could see nothing; we were roused by hershrieks, and seized our guns, but it was of no use.
i recollect anotherinstance which was not so tragical.
a hottentot was carried off by alion during the night, wrapped up in his sheep-skin kaross, sleeping, asthey usually do, with his face to the ground.
as the lion trotted awaywith him, the fellow contrived to wriggle out of his kaross, and thelion went off only his mantle."
"well, i should think one of the karosses must be a very savory morselfor a hungry lion," said the major;--"but i imagine it is almost time tounyoke; we must have traveled nearly twenty miles, and these forestspromise well for the game we are in search of."
"i suspect that they contain not only buffaloes, but elephants; however,we shall soon find out by examining the paths down to the river, whichthey make in going for water."
"i think that yonder knoll would be a good place to fix our encampment,swinton," said the major; "it is well shaded with mimosas, and yet clearof the main forest."
"well, you are quartermaster-general, and must decide."
the major ordered bremen to arrange the wagons as usual, and turn thecattle out to feed.
as soon as this had been accomplished, they saddledtheir horses, and awaited the return of swanevelt, who had gone toreconnoiter.
shortly afterward he returned, with the report that therewere the tracks of elephants, buffaloes, and lions, in every directionby the river's banks; and as the dogs would now be of use, they wereordered to be let loose, which they seldom were, unless the game waslarge and to be regularly hunted down.
our travelers mounted andproceeded into the forest, accompanied by all the hottentots except thecattle-keepers and the bushmen; bremen, swanevelt, and omrah only beingon horseback, as well as themselves.
as they rode forward slowly andcautiously at the outset, swinton asked the major whether he had evershot buffaloes.
"yes, in india," replied the major; "and desperate animals they are inthat country."
"i was about to say that you will find them such here; and, alexander,you must be very careful.
in the first place, a leaden bullet is oflittle use against their tough hides, and, i may almost say,impenetrable foreheads.
the best shot is under the fore-shoulder."
"our balls are hardened with tin," observed alexander.
"i know that," replied swinton; "but still they are most dangerousanimals, especially if you fall in with a single buffalo.
it is muchsafer to attack a herd; but we have no time to talk over the matter now,only, as i say, be very careful, and whatever you do, do not approachone which is wounded, even if he be down on his knees.
but here comesbremen with news."
the hottentot came up and announced that there was a large herd ofbuffaloes on the other side of the hill, and proposed that they shouldtake a sweep round them, so as to drive them toward the river.
this proposal was considered good, and was acted upon; and, after ridingabout a mile, they gained the position which seemed the most desirable.
the dogs were then let loose, and the hottentots on foot, spreadthemselves on every side, shouting so as to drive the animals beforethem.
the herd collected together and for a short while stood at baywith the large bulls in front, and then set off through the foresttoward the river, followed by all the hunters on horse and on foot.
in aquarter of an hour the whole herd had taken refuge in a large pool inthe river, which, with the reeds and rushes, and small islands in thecenter, occupied a long slip of ground.
the major, with swanevelt and two other hottentots, proceeded further upthe river, that they might cross it before the attack commenced, and theothers agreed to wait until the signal was given by the major's firing.
as soon as they heard the report of the major's rifle, swinton andalexander, with their party, advanced to the banks of the river.
theyplunged in, and were soon up to the horses' girths, with the reeds farabove their heads.
they could hear the animals forcing their way throughthe reeds, but could not see them; and after some severe labor, swintonsaid--"alexander, it will be prudent for us to go back; we can donothing here, and we shall stand a chance of being shot by our ownpeople, who can not see us.
we must leave the dogs to drive them out, orthe hottentots and bushmen; but we must regain the banks."
just as swinton said this, a loud rushing was heard through the reeds.
cried he; but he could say no more before the reeds openedand a large hippopotamus rushed upon them, throwing over alexander'shorse on his side, and treading alexander and his horse both deep underthe water as he passed over them and disappeared.
although the water wasnot more than four feet in depth, it was with difficulty that the horseand rider could extricate themselves from the reeds, among which theyhad been jammed and entangled; and alexander's breath was quite gonewhen he at last emerged.
bremen and swinton hastened to give whatassistance they could, and the horse was once more on his legs.
"myrifle," cried alexander; "it is in the water."
"we will find it," saidswinton: "haste up to the banks as fast as you can, for you aredefenseless."
alexander thought it advisable to follow swinton's advice, and with somedifficulty regained the bank, where he was soon afterward followed byswinton and bremen, who had secured his rifle.
alexander called omrah,and sent him to the caravan for another rifle, and then for the firsttime he exclaimed, "oh, what a brute!
it was lucky the water was deep,or he would have jammed me on the head, so that i never should haverisen up again."
"you have indeed had a providential escape, alexander," replied swinton;"is your horse hurt!"
"he must be, i should think," said alexander, "for the animal trod uponhim; but he does not appear to show it at present."
in the mean time several shots were fired from the opposite side of theriver by the major and his party, and occasionally the head or horns ofthe buffalo were seen above the reeds by the hottentots, who remainedwith swinton and alexander: but the animals still adhered to theircover.
omrah having brought another rifle, bremen then proposed that thehottentots, bushmen, and dogs should force their way through the reedsand attempt to drive the animals out; in which there would be no danger,as the animals could not charge with any effect in the deep water andthick rushes.
"provided they don't meet with a hippopotamus," said alexander,laughing.
"won't say a word about him, sir," replied bremen, who then went andgave the directions.
[illustration: alexander and the hippopotamus.]
the hottentots and bushmen, accompanied by the dogs, then went intothe reeds, and their shouting and barking soon drove out some of thebuffaloes on the opposite side, and the reports of the guns were heard.
at last one came out on that side of the river where alexander andswinton were watching; swinton fired, and the animal fell on its knees;a shot from alexander brought it down dead and turned on its side.
oneof the bushmen ran up to the carcass, and was about to use his knife,when another buffalo charged from the reeds, caught the bushman on hishorns, and threw him many yards in the air.
the bushman fell among thereeds behind the buffalo, which in vain looked about for his enemy, whena shot from bremen brought him to the ground.
shortly afterward the bushman made his appearance from the reeds; he wasnot at all hurt, with the exception of a graze from the horns of theanimal, and a contusion of the ribs.
the chase now became warm; the shouting of the hottentots, the barkingof the dogs, and the bellowing of the herd, which were forcing their waythrough the reeds before them, were very exciting.
by the advice ofswinton, they took up their position on a higher ground, where thehorses had good footing, in case the buffaloes should charge.
as soon as they arrived there, they beheld a scene on the other side ofthe river, about one hundred yards from them, which filled them withanxiety and terror; the major's horse was galloping away, and the majornot to be seen.
under a large tree, swanevelt was in a sitting posture,holding his hands to his body as if severely wounded, his horse lying byhis side, and right before him an enormous bull buffalo, standingmotionless; the blood was streaming from the animal's nostrils, and itwas evidently tottering from weakness and loss of blood; at last itfell.
"i fear there is mischief done," cried swinton; "where can the major be,and the two hottentots who were with him!
swanevelt is hurt and hishorse killed, that is evident.
we had better call them off, and let thebuffaloes remain quiet, or escape as they please."
"there is the major," said alexander, "and the hottentots too; they arenot hurt, don't you see them?--they were up the trees; thank god."
they now observed the major run up to swanevelt, and presently the twohottentots went in pursuit of the major's horse.
shortly afterward,swanevelt, with the assistance of the major, got upon his legs, and,taking up his gun, walked slowly away.
"no great harm done, after all," said alexander; "god be praised: buthere come the whole herd, swinton."
"let them go, my good fellow," replied swinton, "we have had enough ofbuffalo-hunting for the present."
the whole herd had now broken from the reeds about fifty paces fromwhere they were stationed, and with their tails raised, tossing withtheir horns, and bellowing with rage and fear, darted out of the reeds,dripping with slime and mud, and rushed off toward the forest.
in a fewseconds they were out of sight.
"a good riddance," said swinton; "i hope the major is now satisfied withbuffalo-hunting."
"i am, at all events," replied alexander.
"i feel very sore and stiff.
what a narrow escape that bushman had."
"yes, he had indeed; but, alexander, your horse is not well: he canhardly breathe.
you had better dismount."
alexander did so, and unloosed his girths.
bremen got off his horse,and, offering it to alexander, took the bridle of the other and examinedhim.
"he has his ribs broken, sir," said the hottentot,--"two of them, if notmore."
"no wonder, poor fellow; lead him gently, bremen.
oh, here comes themajor.
now we shall know what has occurred; and there is swanevelt andthe two men."
"well, major, pray tell us your adventures, for you have frightened usdreadfully."
"not half so much as i have been frightened myself," replied the major;"we have all had a narrow escape.
i can assure you, and swanevelt'shorse is dead."
"is swanevelt hurt?"
"no, he was most miraculously preserved; the horn of the buffalo hasgrazed the whole length of the body, and yet not injured him.
but let usgo to the caravan and have something to drink, and then i will tell youall about it--i am quite done up, and my tongue cleaves to the roof ofmy mouth."
as soon as they had arrived at the caravan and dismounted, the majordrank some water, and then gave his narrative.
"we had several shots onour side of the river, for the buffaloes had evidently an intention ofcrossing over, had we not turned them.
we had killed two, when a bullbuffalo charged from the reeds upon swanevelt, and before he could turnhis horse and put him to his speed, the horns of the buffalo had rippedup the poor animal, and he fell with swanevelt under him.
the enragedbrute disengaged himself from the horse, and made a second charge uponswanevelt; but he twisted on one side, and the horn only grazed him, asi have mentioned.
i then fired and wounded the animal.
he chargedimmediately, and i turned my horse, but from fright he wheeled sosuddenly that i lost my stirrups, and my saddle turned round.
"i found that i could not recover my seat, and that i was graduallysliding under the horse's belly, when he passed under a tree, and icaught a branch and swung myself on to it, just as the buffalo, whichwas close behind us, came up to me.
as he passed under, his back hit myleg; so you may imagine it was 'touch and go.'
the animal, perceivingthat the horse left him, and i was not on it, quitted his pursuit, andcame back bellowing and roaring, and looking everywhere for me.
"at last it perceived swanevelt, who had disengaged himself from thedead horse, and was sitting under the tree, apparently much hurt, as heis, poor fellow, although not seriously.
it immediately turned back tohim, and would certainly have gored him to death, had not kloet, who wasup in a tree, fired at the animal and wounded him mortally--for hiscareer was stopped as he charged toward swanevelt, and was not ten yardsfrom him.
the animal could proceed no further, and there he stood untilhe fell dead."
"we saw that portion of the adventure ourselves, major," said swinton;"and now we will tell you our own, which has been equally full ofincident and danger."
swinton having related what had passed on his sideof the river, the major observed:"you may talk about lions, but i'd rather go to ten lion-hunts than onemore buffalo-hunt.
i have had enough of buffaloes for all my life."
"i am glad to hear you say so," replied swinton, "for they are mostferocious and dangerous animals, as you may now acknowledge, and thedifficulty of giving them a mortal wound renders the attack of them veryhazardous.
i have seen and heard enough of buffalo-hunting to tell youthat you have been fortunate, although you have lost one horse and haveanother very much hurt;--but here come the spoils of the chase; at allevents, we will benefit by the day's sport, and have a good meal."
"i can't eat now," said alexander; "i am very stiff.
i shall go and liedown for an hour or two."
"and so shall i," said the major; "i have no appetite."
"well, then, we will all meet at supper," said swinton.
"in the meantime i shall see if i can be of any use to swanevelt.
"i saw him and begum going out together just now," said the major.
"whatfor, i do not know."
i told him to get some of the bushman roots," said alexander; "theyare as good as potatoes when boiled; and he has taken the monkey to findthem."
the major and alexander remained on their beds till supper-time, whenmahomed woke them up.
they found themselves much refreshed by theirsleep, and also found that their appetites had returned.
buffalo-steaksand fried bushman roots were declared to be a very good substitute forbeefsteaks and fried potatoes; and after they had made a hearty meal,alexander inquired of swinton what he had seen of buffalo-hunting whenhe had been at the cape before.
"i have only been once or twice engaged in a buffalo-hunt; but i cantell you what i have heard, and what i have collected from my ownknowledge, as to the nature of the animal, of which indeed to-day youhave had a very good proof.
i told you this morning, that a singlebuffalo was more dangerous than a herd; and the reason is this:--at thebreeding season, the fiercest bulls drive the others away from the herd,in the same manner as the elephants do; and these solitary buffaloes areextremely dangerous, as they do not wait to be attacked, but will attacka man without any provocation.
they generally conceal themselves, andrush out upon you unawares, which makes it more difficult to escape fromthem.
they are so bold, that they do not fear the lion himself; and ihave been told by the dutch boors, that when a buffalo has killed one oftheir comrades by goring and tossing him, it will not leave its victimfor hours, but continue to trample on him with his hoofs, crushing thebody with its knees as an elephant does, and with its rough tonguestripping off the skin as far as it can.
it does not do all this at onetime, but it leaves the body, and returns again, as if to glut itsvengeance."
"what a malicious brute!"
"such is certainly its character.
i recollect a history of abuffalo-hunting adventure, told me by a dutch farmer, who was himself aneye-witness to the scene.
he had gone out with a party to hunt a herd ofbuffaloes which were grazing on a piece of marshy ground, sprinkled witha few mimosa-trees.
as they could not get within shot of the herd,without crossing a portion of the marsh, which was not safe for horses,they agreed to leave their steeds in charge of two hottentots, and toadvance on foot; thinking that, in case any of the buffaloes shouldcharge them, it would be easy to escape by running back to the marsh,which would bear the weight of a man, but not of a horse, much less thatof a buffalo.
"they advanced accordingly over the marsh, and being concealed by somebushes, they had the good fortune to bring down, with the first volley,three of the fattest of the herd; and also so severely wounded the greatbull, which was the leader of the herd, that he dropped down on hisknees, bellowing most furiously.
thinking that the animal was mortallywounded, the foremost of the huntsmen walked out in front of the bushesfrom which they had fired, and began to reload his musket as headvanced, in order to give the animal a finishing shot.
but no soonerdid the enraged animal see the man advancing, than he sprang up andcharged headlong at him.
the man threw down his gun, and ran toward themarsh; but the beast was so close upon him, that he despaired ofescaping by that direction, and turning suddenly round a clump ofcopsewood, began to climb an old mimosa tree which stood close to it.
"the buffalo was, however, too quick for him.
bounding forward with aroar, which the farmer told me was one of the most hideous and appallingsounds that he ever heard, he caught the poor fellow with his terriblehorns, just as he had nearly got out of reach, and tossed him in the airwith such force, that after whirling round and round to a great height,the body fell into the fork of the branches of the tree.
the buffalowent round the tree roaring, and looking for the man, until, exhaustedby wounds and loss of blood, it again fell down on its knees.
the otherhunters then attacked and killed him; but they found their comrade, whowas still hanging in the tree, quite dead."
"well; i have no doubt but that such would have been the fate ofswanevelt or of me, had the brute got hold of us," said the major; "inever saw such a malignant, diabolical expression in any animal'scountenance as there was upon that buffalo's.
a lion is, i should say, agentleman and a man of honor compared to such an evil-disposed ruffian."
"well, major, you have only to let them alone; recollect, you were theaggressor," said swinton, laughing.
"very true; i never wish to see one again."
"and i never wish to be in the way of a hippopotamus again, i can assureyou," said alexander, "for a greater want of politeness i never metwith."
during this conversation the hottentots and bushmen at the other fireshad not been idle.
the hottentots had fried and eaten, and fried andeaten, till they could hold no more; and the bushmen, who in the morninglooked as thin and meager as if they had not had a meal for a month,were now so stuffed that they could hardly walk, and their leanstomachs were distended as round as balls.
the bushman who had beentossed by the buffalo came up and asked for a little tobacco, at thesame time smiling and patting his stomach, which was distended to a mostextraordinary size.
"yes, let us give them some," said alexander; "it will complete theirday's happiness.
did you ever see a fellow so stuffed?
i wonder he doesnot burst."
"it is their custom.
they starve for days, and then gorge in this waywhen an opportunity offers, which is but seldom.
their calendar, such asit is, is mainly from recollections of feasting; and i will answer forit, that if one bushman were on some future day to ask another when sucha thing took place, he would reply, just before or just after the whitemen killed the buffaloes."
"how do they live in general?"
"they live upon roots at certain seasons of the year; upon locusts whena flight takes place; upon lizards, beetles--any thing.
occasionallythey procure game, but not very often.
they are obliged to lie in waitfor it, and wound it with their poisoned arrows, and then they followits track and look for it the next day.
subtle as the poison is theyonly cut out the part near the wound, and eat the rest of the animal.
they dig pit-holes for the hippopotamus and rhinoceros and occasionallytake them.
they poison the pools for the game also; but their living isvery precarious, and they often suffer the extremities of hunger."
"is that the cause, do you imagine, of their being so diminutive a race,swinton?"
"no doubt of it.
continual privation and hardships from generation togeneration have, i have no doubt, dwindled them down to what you see."
"how is it that these bushmen are so familiar?
i thought that they weresavage and irreclaimable."
"they are what are termed tame bushmen; that is, they have lived nearthe farmers, and have, by degrees, become less afraid of the europeans.
treated kindly, they have done good in return to the farmers by watchingtheir sheep, and performing other little services, and have beenrewarded with tobacco.
this has given them confidence to a certaindegree.
but we must expect to meet with others that are equally wild,and who will be very mischievous; attempting to drive off our cattle,and watching in ambush all round our caravan, ready for any pilferingthat they can successfully accomplish; and then we shall discover thatwe are in their haunts without even seeing them."
"because it will only be by their thefts that we shall find it out.
butit is time for bed, and as to-morrow is sunday you will have a day ofrest, which i think you both require."
"i do," replied alexander, "so good-night to you both."
as arranged, they did not travel on the sunday.
early in the morning theoxen and horses and sheep were turned out to pasture; all except thehorse which had been ridden by alexander on the preceding day, and whichwas found to be suffering so much that they took away a large quantityof blood from him before he was relieved.
the bushmen still remained with them, and were likely to do so as longas there was any prospect of food.
the four buffaloes which had beenkilled, as well as the horse which had been gored to death, were foundpicked clean to the bones on the following day, by the hyenas and otheranimals which were heard prowling during the whole night.
but as largequantities of the buffalo-flesh had been cut off, and hung upon thetrees near the caravan, there was more than sufficient for a secondfeast for the bushmen and hottentots, and there was nothing but fryingand roasting during the whole of the day.
the sun was intensely hot, and alexander and the major both felt sofatigued from the exertions of the day before, that after breakfast theyretired to their wagons, and swinton did not attempt to disturb them, asthey were in a sound sleep till the evening, when they were muchrefreshed and very hungry.
swinton said he had thought it better thatthey should not be awakened, as the heat was so overpowering, and theycould perform divine service in the evening, if they thought proper,when it would be cooler.
this was agreed to, and, after an early supper,they summoned all the hottentots, who, although gorged, were stillunwilling to leave their fires; as they said the bushmen would devourall the flesh that was left, in their absence.
this remonstrance was not listened to, and they all assembled.
theprayers were read and the service gone through by the light of a largefire, for it was very dark before the service was finished.
the bushmen,as the hottentots prophesied, had taken advantage of their absence, tohelp themselves very liberally; and as swinton read the prayers, theeyes of the hottentots were continually turning round to their ownfires, where the bushmen were throwing on large pieces of buffalo-flesh,and, before they were even heated through, were chewing them and tearingthem to pieces with their teeth.
never perhaps was there a congregation whose attention was so divided,and who were more anxious for the conclusion of the service.
thisuneasiness shown by the hottentots appeared at last to be communicatedto the oxen, which were tied up round the wagons.
the fire requiredreplenishing, but none of the hottentots moved to perform the office;perhaps they thought that if swinton could no longer see, the servicemust conclude: but swinton knew it by heart, and continued reading thecommandments, which was the last portion which he read, and alexanderand the major repeated the responses.
the major, whose face was towardthe cattle, had observed their uneasiness, and guessed the cause, butdid not like to interrupt the service, as it was just over.
begum beganclinging to him in the way she always did when she was afraid; swintonhad just finished, and the major was saying, "swinton, depend upon it,"when a roar like thunder was heard, and a dark mass passed over theirheads.
the bellowing and struggling of the oxen was almost instantaneouslysucceeded by a lion, with an ox borne on his shoulder, passing rightthrough the whole congregation, sweeping away the remnants of the fireand the hottentots right and left, and vanishing in a moment from theirsight.
as may be imagined, all was confusion and alarm.
some screamed,some shouted and ran for their guns; but it was too late.
onexamination, it was found that the lion had seized the ox which had beentied up near to where they were sitting; their fire being nearlyextinguished, and the one which should have been kept alight next to italtogether neglected by the hottentots, in their anxiety to keep upthose on which they had been broiling their buffalo-steaks.
the leather thongs by which the ox had been tied up were snapped likethreads, and many of the other oxen had, in their agony of fear, brokentheir fastenings and escaped.
as the lion bounded away through theassembled party, it appeared as if the ox was not a feather's weight tohim.
he had, however, stepped rather roughly upon two of the hottentots,who lay groaning, as if they had been severely hurt; but uponexamination it was found that they had only been well scratched andcovered with ashes.
the bushmen, however, had left their meal, and withtheir bows and small poisoned arrows had gone in pursuit.
bremen and oneor two of the hottentots proposed also to go, but our travelers wouldnot permit them.
about an hour afterward the bushmen returned, and omrahhad communication with them; and through bremen they learned that thebushmen had come up with the lion about a mile distant, and haddischarged many of their arrows at him, and, they were convinced, witheffect, as a heavy growl or an angry roar was the announcement when hewas hit; but, although he was irritated, he continued his repast.
omrahthen said, "lion dead to-morrow,--bushmen find him."
"well," said alexander, as they went to their wagons, which, inconsequence of this event, and their having to make up large firesbefore they went to bed, they did not do till late, "i believe this isthe first time that divine service was ever wound up by such intrusion."
"perhaps so," replied swinton; "but i think it proves that we have morecause for prayer, surrounded as we are by such danger.
the lion mighthave taken one of us, and by this time we should have suffered a horriddeath."
"i never felt the full force of the many similes and comparisons in thescriptures, where the lion is so often introduced, till now," observedalexander.
"it was indeed a most awful sermon after the prayers," said the major:"i trust never to hear such a one again: but is it not our own fault?
this is the second time that one of our oxen has been carried off by alion, from the circle of fires not being properly attended to.
it is theneglect of the hottentots, certainly; but if they are so neglectful, weshould attend to them ourselves."
"it will be as well to punish them for their neglect," said swinton, "bystopping their tobacco for the week; for if they find that we attend tothe fires ourselves, they will not keep one in, that you may dependupon.
however, we will discuss that point to-morrow, so good-night."
omrah came to the major the next morning, before the oxen were yoked, tosay that the bushmen had found the lion, and that he was not yet dead,but nearly so; that the animal had dragged away that portion of the oxthat he did not eat, about half a mile further; that there he had laindown, and he was so sick that he could not move.
at this intelligence they mounted their horses, and, guided by thebushmen, arrived at the bush where the lion lay.
the bushmen entered atonce, for they had previously reconnoitered, and were saluted with a lowsnarl, very different from the roar of the preceding night.
ourtravelers followed, and found the noble creature in his last agonies,his strength paralyzed, and his eyes closed.
one or two of the smallarrows of the bushmen were still sticking in his hide, and did notappear to have entered more than half an inch; but the poison was sosubtle, that it had rapidly circulated through his whole frame; andwhile they were looking down upon the noble beast, it dropped its jawsand expired.
as our travelers turned back to join the caravan, alexander observed:"those bushmen, diminutive as they are in size, and contemptible astheir weapons appear, must be dangerous enemies, when the mere prick ofone of their small arrows is certain death.
what is their poisoncomposed of?"
"of the venom extracted from snakes, which is mixed up with the juice ofthe euphorbia, and boiled down till it becomes of the consistency ofglue.
they then dip the heads of the arrows into it, and let it dry on."
"is then the venom of snakes so active after it has been taken away fromthe animal?"
"yes, for a considerable time after.
i remember a story, which is, ibelieve, well authenticated, of a man who had been bitten through hisboot by a rattlesnake in america.
the man died, and shortly afterwardhis two sons died one after the other, with just the same symptoms astheir father, although they had not been bitten by snakes.
it wasafterward discovered that upon the father's death the sons had one afterthe other taken possession of and put on his boots, and the boots beingexamined, the fang of the rattlesnake was discovered to have passedthrough the leather and remained there.
the fang had merely grazed theskin of the two sons when they put on the boots, and had thus causedtheir death."
"are the snakes here as deadly in their poison as the rattlesnake ofamerica?"
"equally so,--that is, two or three of them; some are harmless.
the mostformidable is the cobra capella (not the same as the indian snake of thesame name).
it is very large, being usually five feet long; but it hasbeen found six and even seven feet.
this snake has been known to dart ata man on horseback, and with such force as to overshoot his aim.
hisbite is certain death, i believe, as i never heard of a man recoveringfrom the wound."
"well, that is as bad as can be.
what is the next?"
"the next is what they call the puff adder.
it is a very heavy, sluggishanimal, and very thick in proportion to its length, and when attacked infront, it can not make any spring.
it has, however, another power,which, if you are not prepared for it, is perhaps equally dangerous--that of throwing itself backward in a most surprising manner.
this is,however, only when trod upon or provoked; but its bite is very deadly.
then two of the mountain adders are among the most dangerous snakeshere.
the mountain adder is small, and, from its not being so easilyseen and so easily avoided, is very dangerous, and its bite as fatal asthe others."
"i trust that is the end of your catalogue?"
"not exactly; there is another, which i have specimens of, but whosefaculties i have never seen put to the test, which is called thespirting snake.
it is about three feet long, and its bite, althoughpoisonous, is not fatal.
but it has a faculty, from which its name isderived, of spirting its venom into the face of its assailant, and ifthe venom enters the eye, at which the animal darts it, immediateblindness ensues.
there are a great many other varieties, some of whichwe have obtained possession of during our journey.
many of them arevenomous, but not so fatal as the first three i have mentioned.
"indeed, it is a great blessing that the almighty has not made thevarieties of snakes aggressive or fierce,--which they are not.
provided,as they are, with such dreadful powers, if they were so, they wouldindeed be formidable; but they only act in self-defense, or whenprovoked.
i may as well here observe, that the hottentots, when theykill any of the dangerous snakes, invariably cut off the head and buryit; and this they do, that no one may by chance tread upon it, as theyassert that the poison of the fangs is as potent as ever, not only forweeks but months afterward."
"that certainly is a corroboration of the story that you told us of therattlesnake's fang in the boot."
"it is so; but although there are so many venomous snakes in thiscountry, it is remarkable how very few accidents or deaths occur fromthem.
i made an inquiry at the moravian mission, where these venomoussnakes are very plentiful, how many people they had lost by their bites,and the missionaries told me, that out of 800 hottentots belonging tothe mission, they had only lost two men by the bites of snakes during aspace of seven years; and in other places where i made the same inquiry,the casualties were much less in proportion to the numbers."
"is the boa constrictor found in this part of africa?"
"not so far south as we now are, but it is a few degrees more to thenorthward.
i have never seen it, but i believe there is no doubt of itsexistence."
"the south american indians have a very subtle poison with which theykill their game.
are you aware, swinton, of its nature?
is it like thebushmen's poison?"
"i know the poison well; it was brought over by mr. waterton, whoseamusing works you may have read.
it is called the wourali poison, and issaid to be extracted from a sort of creeping vine, which grows in thecountry.
the natives, however, add the poison of snakes to the extract;and the preparation is certainly very fatal, as i can bear witness to."
"have you ever seen it tried?"
"yes, i have tried it myself.
when i was in italy i became acquaintedwith mr. w., and he gave two or three of us, who were living together, asmall quantity, not much more than two grains of mustard-seed in size.
we purchased a young mule to make the experiment upon; an incision wasmade in its shoulder, and the poison inserted under the skin.
i think inabout six or seven minutes the animal was dead.
mr. w. said that theeffects would have been instantaneous, if the virtue of the poison hadnot somewhat deteriorated from its having been kept so long."
"the wourali poison only acts upon the nerves, i believe?"
"only upon the nerves; and although so fatal, if immediate means areresorted to, a person who is apparently dead from it may be brought tolife again by the same process as is usual in the recovery of drowned orsuffocated people.
a donkey upon which the poison had acted was restoredin this manner, and for the remainder of his days permitted to run insir joseph banks's park.
but the poison of snakes acts upon the blood,and therefore occasions death without remedy."
"but there are remedies, i believe, for even the most fatal poisons?"
"yes, in his provident mercy god has been pleased to furnish remediesat hand, and where the snake exists the remedy is to be found.
therattlesnake root is a cure, if taken and applied immediately; and it iswell known that the ichneumon when bitten by the cobra capella, in hisattack upon it, will hasten to a particular herb and eat it immediately,to prevent the fatal effect of the animal's bite."
"i once saw a native of india," said the major, "who for a small sumwould allow himself to be bitten by a cobra capella.
he was wellprovided with the same plant used by the ichneumon, which he swallowedplentifully, and also rubbed on the wound.
it is impossible to say, but,so far as i could judge, there was no deception."
"i think it very possible; if the plant will cure the ichneumon, why nota man?
i have no doubt but that there are many plants which possessvirtues of which we have no knowledge.
some few, and perhaps some of themost valuable, we have discovered; but our knowledge of the vegetablekingdom, as far as its medicinal properties are known, is very slight;and perhaps many which were formerly known have, since the introductionof mineral antidotes, been lost sight of."
"why, yes; long before chemistry had made any advances, we do hear inold romances of balsams of most sovereign virtues," said alexander,laughing.
"which, i may observe, is almost a proof that they did in reality exist;and the more so, because you will find that the knowledge of thesesovereign remedies was chiefly in the hands of the jews, the oldestnation upon the earth; and from their constant communication with eachother, most likely to have transmitted their knowledge from generationto generation."
"we have also reason to believe that not only they had peculiar_remedies_ in their times, but also--if we are to credit what has beenhanded down to us--that the art of _poisoning_ was much betterunderstood," said the major.
"at all events, they had not the knowledge of chemistry which now leadsto its immediate detection," replied swinton.
"but, alexander, there arethree hippopotami lying asleep on the side of the river.
have you amind to try your skill?"
"no, not particularly," replied alexander; "i have had enough ofhippopotami.
by the by, the river is much wider than it was."
"yes, by my calculation we ought to travel no more to the westward afterto-day.
we must now cut across to the yellow or val river.
we shallcertainly be two days without water or pasturage for the cattle, butthey are in such good condition that they will not much feel it.
thereis a river which we shall cross near its head, but the chance of wateris very small; indeed, i believe we shall find it nowhere, except inthese great arteries, if i may so call them."
"well; i was thinking so myself, swinton, as i looked at the mapyesterday, when i lay in my wagon," said the major; "so then to-morrowfor a little variety; that is, a desert."
"which it will most certainly be," replied swinton; "for, except on thebanks of the large rivers, there are no hopes of vegetation in thiscountry at this season of the year; but in another month we may expectheavy falls of rain."
"the bushmen have left us, i perceive," said alexander.
"yes, they have probably remained behind to eat the lion."
"what, will they eat it now that it has been poisoned?"
"that makes no difference to them; they merely cut out the partswounded, and invariably eat all the carcasses of the animals which theykill, and apparently without any injury.
there is nothing which abushman will not eat.
a flight of locusts is a great feast to him."
"i can not imagine them to be very palatable food."
"i have never tasted them," replied swinton; "but i should think not.
they do not, however, eat them raw; they pull off their wings and legs,and dry their bodies; they then beat them into a powder."
"do you suppose that st. john's fare of locusts and wild honey was thelocust which we are now referring to?"
"i do not know, but i should rather think not, and for one reason,which is, that although a person in the wilderness might subsist uponthese animals, if always to be procured, yet the flights of locusts arevery uncertain.
now there is a tree in the country where st. johnretired, which is called the locust-tree, and produces a large sweetbean, shaped like the common french bean, but nearly a foot long, whichis very palatable and nutritious.
it is even now given to cattle inlarge quantities; and i imagine that this was the locust referred to;and i believe many of the commentators on the holy writings have been ofthe same opinion.
i think we have now gone far enough for to-day; we mayas well halt there.
do you intend to hunt, major?
i see some animalsthere at a distance."
"i should say not," said alexander; "if we are to cross a desert tractto-morrow, we had better not fatigue our horses."
no, swinton, we will remain quiet, unless game comes tous."
"yes, and look after our water-kegs being filled, and the fires lightedto-night," said alexander; "and i trust we may have no more sermonsfrom lions, although shakespeare does say, 'sermons from stones, andgood in everything.'"
they halted their caravan upon a rising ground, and having taken theprecaution to see the water-kegs filled and the wood collected, they satdown to dinner upon fried ham and cheese; for the hottentots haddevoured all the buffalo-flesh, and demanded a sheep to be killed forsupper.
this was consented to although they did not deserve it; but astheir tobacco had been stopped for their neglect of providing fuel andkeeping up the fires, it was considered politic not to make them toodiscontented.
alexander had been walking by the side of the river with the major,while the hottentots were arranging the camp, and swinton was puttingaway some new specimens in natural history which he had collected, whenomrah, who was with them, put his finger to his lips and stopped them.
as they perfectly understood what he required, they stood still andsilent.
omrah then pointed to something which was lying on the lowbank, under a tuft of rushes; but they could not distinguish it, andomrah asked by signs for the major's rifle, took aim, and fired.
a loudsplashing was heard in the water, and they pushed their way through thehigh grass and reeds, until they arrived at the spot, where theyperceived an animal floundering in the agonies of death."
exclaimed the major; "well, i had no idea that therewere any here inland.
they said that there were plenty at the mouths ofthe rivers, on the coast of the eastern caffres, but i am astonished tofind one here."
"what did you fire at?"
asked swinton, who now joined them.
"an alligator, and he is dead.
i am afraid that he won't be very goodeating," replied the major.
"that's not an alligator, major," said swinton, "and it is very goodeating.
it is a large lizard of the guana species, which is found aboutthese rivers; it is amphibious, but perfectly harmless, subsisting uponvegetables and insects.
i tell you it is a great delicacy, ugly as itlooks.
it is quite dead, so let us drag it out of the water, and send itup to mahomed by omrah."
the animal, which was about four feet long, was dragged out of the waterby the tail, and omrah took it to the camp.
"well, i really thought it was a small alligator," said the major; "butnow i perceive my mistake.
what a variety of lizards there appears to bein this country."
"a great many from the chameleon upward," replied swinton.
"by the by,there is one which is said to be very venomous.
i have heard manywell-authenticated stories of the bite being not only very dangerous,but in some instances fatal.
i have specimens of the animal in mycollection.
it is called here the geitje."
"well, it is rather remarkable, but we have in india a small lizard,called the gecko by the natives, which is said to be equally venomous.
ipresume it must be the same animal, and it is singular that the namesshould vary so little.
i have never seen an instance of its poisonouspowers, but i have seen a whole company of sepoys run out of theirquarters because they have heard the animal make its usual cry in thethatch of the building; they say that it drops down upon people from theroof."
"probably the same animal; and a strong corroboration that the report ofits being venomous is with good foundation."
"and yet if we were to make the assertion in england, we should in allprobability not be believed."
"not by many, i grant--not by those who only know a little; but by thosewho are well informed, you probably would be.
the fact is, from a tooready credulity, we have now turned to almost a total skepticism, unlesswe have ocular demonstration.
in the times of marco polo, sir johnmandeville, and others,--say in the fifteenth century, when there werebut few travelers and but little education, a traveler might assertalmost any thing, and gain credence; latterly a traveler hardly dareassert any thing.
le vaillant and bruce, who traveled in the south andnorth of africa, were both stigmatized as liars, when they publishedtheir accounts of what they had seen, and yet every tittle has sincebeen proved to be correct.
however, as people are now better informed,they do not reject so positively; for they have certain rules to guidethem between the possible and the impossible."
"how do you mean?"
"i mean, for instance, that if a person was to tell me that he had seena mermaid, with the body of a woman and the scaly tail of a fish, ishould at once say that i could not believe him.
because it iscontrary to the laws of nature.
the two component parts of the animalcould not be combined, as the upper portion would belong to themammalia, and be a hot-blooded animal, the lower to a cold-blooded classof natural history.
such a junction would, therefore, be impossible.
butthere are, i have no doubt, many animals still undiscovered, or ratherstill unknown to europeans, the description of which may at first excitesuspicion, if not doubt.
but as i have before observed, the accountwould, in all probability, not be rejected by a naturalist, although itmight be by people without much knowledge of the animal kingdom, whowould not be able to judge by comparison whether the existence of suchan animal was credible.
even fabulous animals have had their origin fromexisting ones.
the unicorn is, no doubt, the gemsbok antelope; for whenyou look at the animal at a distance, its two horns appear as if theywere only one, and the bushmen have so portrayed the animal in theircaves.
the dragon is also not exactly imaginary; for, the _lacertavolans_, or flying lizard of northern africa, is very like a smalldragon in miniature.
so that even what has been considered as fabuloushas arisen from exaggeration or mistake."
"you think, then, swinton, that we are bound to believe all thattravelers tell us?"
"not so; but not to reject what they assert, merely because it does notcorrespond with our own ideas on the subject.
the most remarkableinstance of unbelief was relative to the aerolites or meteoric stonesformed during a thunder-storm in the air, and falling to the earth.
ofcourse you have heard that such have occurred?"
"i have," replied the major, "and i have seen several in india."
"this was treated as a mere fable not a century back; and when it wasreported (and not the first time) that such a stone had fallen infrance, the _savans_ were sent in deputation to the spot.
they heard thetestimony of the witnesses that a loud noise was heard in the air; thatthey looked up and beheld an opaque body descending; that it fell on theearth with a force which nearly buried it in the ground, and was so hotat the time that it could not be touched with the hand.
it afterwardbecame cold.
now the _savans_ heard all this, and pronounced that itcould not be; and for a long while every report of the kind was treatedwith contempt.
now every one knows, and every one is fully satisfied ofthe fact, and not the least surprise is expressed when they are told ofthe circumstance.
as shakespeare makes hamlet observe very truly--'thereare more things in heaven and earth, horatio, than are dreamt of in yourphilosophy.'"
there was no alarm during the night, and the next morning they yoked theoxen and changed their course to the northward.
the whole of the cattlehad been led down to the river to drink, and allowed two hours to feedbefore they started; for they were about to pass through a sterilecountry of more than sixty miles, where they did not expect to findeither pasturage or water.
they had not left the river more than threemiles behind them, when the landscape changed its appearance.
as far asthe eye could scan the horizon, all vestiges of trees had disappeared,and now the ground was covered with low stunted bushes and large stones.
here and there were to be seen small groups of animals, the most commonof which were the quaggas.
as our travelers were in the advance, theystarted six or seven ostriches which had been sitting, and a ball fromthe major's rifle brought one to the ground, the others running off at avelocity that the fastest horse could scarcely have surpassed.
"that was a good shot, major," said alexander.
"yes," replied swinton; "but take care how you go too near the bird; youhave broken his thigh, and he may be dangerous.
they are very fierce.
asi thought, here is the nest.
let bremen kill the bird,--he understandsthem, major.
it is the male, and those which have escaped are allfemales."
"what a quantity of eggs!"
"is the nest a jointconcern?"
"yes," replied swinton.
"all those which are in the center of the nestwith their points upward are the eggs for hatching.
there are, let mesee, twenty-six of them, and you observe that there are as many moreround about the nest.
those are for the food of the young ostriches assoon as they are born.
however, we will save them that trouble.
bremenmust take the eggs outside the nest for us, and the others the peoplemay have.
they are not very particular whether they are fresh or not."
"this is a noble bird," said the major, "and has some beautifulfeathers.
i suppose we may let bremen take the feathers out and leavethe body!"
"yes; i do not want it; but bremen will take the skin, i dare say.
it isworth something at the cape."
as soon as the hottentots had secured the eggs, and bremen had skinnedthe ostrich, which did not occupy many minutes, they rode on, andswinton then said--"the male ostrich generally associates with from three to seven females,which all lay in the same nest.
he sits as well as the females, andgenerally at night, that he may defend the eggs from the attacks of thehyenas and other animals."
"you do not mean to say that he can fight these animals!"
"and kill them also.
the ostrich has two powerful weapons; its wing,with which it has often been known to break a hunter's leg, the blowfrom it is so violent; and what is more fatal, its foot, with the toe ofwhich it strikes and kills both animals and men.
i once myself, innamaqua-land, saw a bushman who had been struck on the chest by the footof the ostrich, and it had torn open his chest and stomach, so that hisentrails were lying on the ground.
i hardly need say that the poorwretch was dead."
"i could hardly have credited it," observed alexander.
"the bushmen skin the ostrich, and spread the skin upon a frame ofwicker-work; the head and neck are supported by a skin thrust throughthem.
the skin they fix on one of their sides, and carry the head andneck in one of their hands, while the other holds the bow and arrows.
inthis disguise--of course with the feathered side of him presented to thebird or beast he would get near to--he walks along, pecking with thehead at the bushes, and imitating the motions of the ostrich.
by thisstratagem he very often is enabled to get within shot of the otherostriches, or the quaggas and gnoos which consort with these birds."
"i should like to see that very much," said the major.
"you would be surprised at the close imitation, as i have been.
i oughtto have said that the bushman whitens his legs with clay.
it is,however, a service of danger, for i have, as i told you, known a mankilled by the male ostrich; and the natives say that it is by no meansuncommon for them to receive very serious injury."
"hold hard," said the major, "there is a lion; what a terrible blackmane he has got!
what do you say, swinton?
he is by himself."
swinton looked at the animal, which was crossing about three hundredyards ahead of them; he was on a low hill, with his head close to theground.
"i certainly say not.
let him pass, by all means; and i only hope hewill take no notice of us.
i must give you the advice which an oldnamaqua chief gave me.
he said--'whenever you see a lion moving in themiddle of the day, you may be certain that he is in great want of foodand very angry.
never attack one then, for they are very dangerous andmost desperate,' if, therefore, major, you wish a very serious affair,and one or two lives lost you will attack that animal.
but you mustexpect that what i say will happen."
"indeed, my dear swinton, i neither wish to lose my own life, nor torisk those of others, and therefore we will remain here till his majestyhas had time to get out of our way; and i hope he may soon find adinner."
by this time the caravan had come up with them, and they then proceeded.
the face of the country became even more sterile, and at last not ananimal of any description was to be seen.
as there was nothing for theoxen to feed upon they continued their route during the whole of theday, and at night they halted and secured the cattle to the wagons.
woodfor fires they were not able to procure, and therefore they made onehalf of the hottentots watch during the night with their muskets toscare off wild beasts.
but, as swinton observed, there was little chanceof their being disturbed by lions or other animals, as they were sodistant from water, and there was no game near them upon which the wildbeasts prey; and so it proved, for during the whole night they did noteven hear the cry of a hyena or a jackal.
at the first gleaming of light the oxen were again yoked, with thehopes of their being able to gain the val river by night.
the relay oxenwere now put to, to relieve those which appeared to suffer most.
at noonthe heat was dreadful, and the horses, which could not support the wantof water as the oxen could, were greatly distressed.
they continued forabout two hours more, and then perceived a few low trees.
begum, who hadbeen kept without water, that she might exert herself to find it,started off as fast as she could, followed by omrah.
after running tothe trees, they altered their course to the eastward, toward some raggedrocks.
the caravan arrived at the trees, which they found were growingon the banks of the river alexandria, which they knew they should pass;but not a drop of water was to be discovered; even the pools were quitedry.
as they searched about, all of a sudden begum came running backscreaming, and with every mark of terror, and clung, as usual, to themajor when frightened.
"where is the bushboy?"
"something has happened," cried swinton; "come all of you with yourguns."
the whole party, hottentots and all, hastened toward the rocks whereomrah and begum had been in search of water.
as soon as they reachedwithin fifty paces, quite out of breath with their haste, they weresaluted with the quah, quah, of a herd of baboons, which were perched atthe edge of the rocks, and which threatened them in their usual way,standing on their fore-legs, and making as if they would fly at them.
"now, then, what is to be done?"
said the major.
"shall we fire?
do youthink that they have possession of the boy?"
"if they have, they will let him go.
yes, we are too numerous for themnow, and they will not show fight, depend upon it.
let us all take goodaim and fire a volley right into them."
"well, then, i'll take that venerable old chap that appears to be theleader, and the great-grandfather of them all," said the major.
"are youall ready?--then fire."
the volley had its effect; three or four of the animals were killed,many were wounded, and the whole herd went scampering off with loudshrieks and cries, the wounded trailing themselves after the others aswell as they could.
the whole party then ascended the crags to look after omrah--all butbegum, who would not venture.
they had hardly gained the summit whenthey heard omrah's voice below, but could not see him.
"there he is,sir," said swanevelt, "down below there."
swinton and the major wentdown again, and at last, guided by the shouts of the boy, they came to anarrow cleft in the rock, about twenty feet deep, at the bottom of whichthey heard, but could not see, the boy.
the cleft was so narrow thatnone of the men could squeeze down it.
swinton sent one of them back forsome leathern thongs or a piece of rope to let down to him.
during the delay, bremen inquired of omrah if he was hurt, and receivedan answer in the negative.
when the rope came, and was lowered down tohim, omrah seized it, and was hauled up by the hottentots.
he appearedto have suffered a little, as his hair was torn out in large handfuls,and his shirt was in ribbons; but with the exception of some severescratches from the nails of the baboons, he had no serious injury.
omrahexplained to the hottentots, who could talk his language, that begum andhe had come to the cleft, and had discovered that there was water at thebottom of it; that begum had gone down, and that he was following, whenthe baboons, which drank in the chasm, had come upon them.
begum hadsprung up and escaped, but he could not; and that the animals hadfollowed him down, until he was so jammed in the cleft that he coulddescend no further; and that there they had pulled out his hair and tornhis shirt, as they saw.
having heard omrah's story, and satisfiedthemselves that he had received no serious injury, they then went towhere the baboons had been shot.
two were dead; but the old one, whichthe major had fired at, was alive, although severely wounded, havingreceived two shots, one in his arm and the other in his leg, which wasbroken by the ball.
all the poor old creature's fierceness appeared tohave left him.
it was evidently very weak from the loss of blood, andsat down leaning against the rock.
every now and then it would raiseitself, and look down upon the wound in its leg, examining the holewhere the bullet had passed through; then it would hold up its woundedarm with its other hand, and look them in the face inquiringly, as muchas to say, "what have you done this for?"
"poor creature," said alexander; "how much its motions are those of ahuman being.
its mute expostulation is quite painful to witness."
"very true," said the major; "but still, if it had not those wounds, itwould tear you to pieces if it could."
"that it certainly would," said swinton; "but still it is an object ofpity.
it can not recover, and we had better put it out of its misery."
desiring bremen to shoot the animal through the head, our travelers thenwalked back to the caravan.
as they returned by the banks of the river,they perceived begum very busy, scraping up the baked mud at the bottomof a pool.
"what is the princess about?"
"i know," cried omrah, who immediately ran to the assistance of thebaboon; and after a little more scraping, he pulled out a live tortoiseabout a foot long.
"i have heard that when the pools dry up, the tortoises remain in themud till the pools are filled up again," said swinton.
"are they good eating, swinton?"
"turtle soup in the desert, that's something unexpected."
the hottentots now set to work and discovered five or six more, whichthey brought out.
they then tried in vain to get at the water in thedeep cleft, but finding it impossible, the caravan continued its course.
"how much more of this desert have we to traverse," said alexander,"before we come to the river?"
[illustration: the tortoise discovery.]
"i fear that we shall not arrive there before to-morrow night," saidswinton, "unless we travel on during the night, which i think will bethe best plan; for fatiguing as it will be to the animals, they willbe even more exhausted if they pass another day under the sun withoutwater, and at night they will bear their work better.
we gain nothing bystopping, as the longer they are on the journey, the more they will beexhausted."
"i am really fearful for the horses, they suffer so much."
"at night we will wash their mouths with a sponge full of water; we canspare so much for the poor creatures."
"in the deserts of africa you have always one of three dangers toencounter," said swinton; "wild men, wild beasts, and want of water."
"and the last is the worst of the three," replied the major.
"we shallhave a moon to-night for a few hours."
"yes, and if we had not, it would be of no consequence; the stars givelight enough, and we have little chance of wild beasts here.
we now wantwater; as soon as we get rid of that danger, we shall then have theother to encounter."
the sun went down at last; the poor oxen toiled on with their tongueshanging out of their mouths.
at sunset, the relay oxen were yoked, andthey continued their course by the stars.
the horses had been refreshed,as swinton had proposed; but they were too much exhausted to be ridden,and our travelers, with their guns on their shoulders, and the dogsloose, to give notice of any danger, now walked by the sides of thewagons over the sandy ground.
the stars shone out brilliantly, and eventhe tired cattle felt relief, from the comparative coolness of the nightair.
all was silent, except the creaking of the wheels of the wagons,and the occasional sighs of the exhausted oxen, as they thus passedthrough the desert.
"well," observed the major, after they had walked about an hour withoutspeaking, "i don't know what your thoughts may have been all this while,but it has occurred to me that a party of pleasure may be carried to toogreat lengths; and i think that i have been very selfish, in persuadingwilmot to undergo all that we have undergone and are likely to undergo,merely because i wished to shoot a giraffe."
"i presume that i must plead guilty also," replied swinton, "in havingassisted to induce him; but you know a naturalist is so ardent in hispursuit that he thinks of nothing else."
"i do not think that you have either of you much to answer for," repliedalexander; "i was just as anxious to go as you were; and as far as i amconcerned, have not the slightest wish to turn back again, till we haveexecuted our proposed plans.
we none of us undertook this journey withthe expectation of meeting with no difficulties or no privations; and ifully anticipate more than we have yet encountered, or are encounteringnow.
if i get back on foot, and without a sole left to my shoe, i shallbe quite content; at the same time, i will not continue it if you bothwish to return."
"indeed, my dear fellow, i have no wish but to go on; but i was afraidthat we were running you into dangers which we have no right to do."
"you have a right, allowing that i did not myself wish to proceed,"replied alexander.
"you escorted me safe through the country toascertain a point in which you had not the slightest interest, and itwould indeed be rewarding you very ill, if i were now to refuse togratify you: but the fact is, i am gratifying myself at the same time."
"well, i am very glad to hear you say so," replied the major, "as itmakes my mind at ease; what time do you think it is, swinton?"
"it is about three o'clock; we shall soon have daylight, and i hope withdaylight we shall have some sight to cheer us.
we have traveled well,and can not by my reckoning be far from the val river.
since yesterdaymorning we have made sixty miles or thereabouts; and if we have notdiverged from our course, the poor animals will soon be relieved."
they traveled on another weary hour, when begum gave a cry, and startedoff ahead of the wagons; the oxen raised their heads to the wind, andthose which were not in the yokes after a short while broke from thekeepers, and galloped off, followed by the horses, sheep, and dogs.
theoxen in the yokes also became quite unruly, trying to disengagethemselves from the traces.
"they have smelt the water; it is not far off, sir," said bremen; "wehad better unyoke them all, and let them go."
"yes, by all means," said alexander.
so impatient were the poor beasts, that it was very difficult todisengage them, and many broke loose before it could be effected; assoon as they were freed, they followed their companions at the samerapid pace.
"at all events, we shall know where to find them," said the major,laughing: "well, i really so felt for the poor animals that i am ashappy as if i was as thirsty as they are, and was now quenching mythirst.
it's almost daylight."
as the day dawned, they continued to advance in the direction that theanimals had taken, and they then distinguished the trees that borderedthe river, which was about two miles distant.
as soon as it was broaddaylight, they perceived that the whole landscape had changed inappearance.
even where they were walking there was herbage, and near tothe river it appeared most luxuriant.
tall mimosa-trees were to be seenin every direction, and in the distance large forests of timber.
all wasverdant and green, and appeared to them as a paradise after the desertin which they had been wandering on the evening before.
as they arrivedat the river's banks, they were saluted with the lively notes of thebirds hymning forth their morning praise, and found the cattle, afterslaking their thirst, were now quietly feeding upon the luxuriant grasswhich surrounded them.
"well may the psalmist and prophets talk of the beauty of flowingrivers," said alexander; "now we feel the truth and beauty of thelanguage; one would almost imagine that the sacred writings were inditedin these wilds."
"if not in these, they certainly were in the eastern countries, whichassimilate strongly with them," said swinton; "but, as you truly say, itis only by having passed through the country that you can fullyappreciate their beauties.
we never know the real value of any thingtill we have felt what it is to be deprived of it; and in a temperateclimate, with a pump in every house, people can not truly estimate thevalue of 'flowing rivers.'"
the hottentots having now arrived, the cattle were driven back to thewagons and yoked, that they might be brought up to a spot which had beenselected for their encampment.
in the mean time our travelers, who weretired with their night's walk, lay down under a large mimosa-tree, closeto the banks of the river.
"we shall stay here a day or two, of course," said the major.
"yes, for the sake of the cattle; the poor creatures deserve a couple ofdays' rest."
"do you observe how the mimosas are torn up on the other side of theriver?"
said swinton; "the elephants have been very numerous therelately."
"why do they tear the trees up?"
"to feed upon the long roots, which are very sweet; they destroy animmense number of the smaller trees in that manner."
"well, we must have another elephant-hunt," said the major.
"we may have hunts of every kind, i expect, here," replied swinton; "weare now in the very paradise of wild animals, and the further we go themore we shall find."
"what a difference there is in one day's journey in this country,"observed alexander; "yesterday morning there was not a creature to beseen, and all was silent as death.
now listen to the noise of the birds,and as for beasts, i suspect we shall not have far to look for them."
"no, for there is a hippopotamus just risen; and now he's downagain--there's food for a fortnight at one glance," cried the major.
"how the horses and sheep are enjoying themselves--they are making upfor lost time; but here come the wagons."
"well, then, i must get up and attend to my department," said the major.
"i presume that we must expect our friends the lions again now."
"where there is food for lions, you must expect lions, major," saidswinton.
"very true, and fuel to keep them off; by the by, turtle soup fordinner, recollect; tell mahomed."
"i'll see to it," said alexander; "but we must have something forbreakfast, as soon as i have had a wash at the river's side.
i wouldhave a bath, only i have such a respect for the hippopotami."
"yes, you will not forget them in a hurry," said swinton, laughing.
"not as long as i have breath in my body, for they took all the breathout of it.
come, swinton, will you go with me, and make your toilet atthe river's banks?"
"yes, and glad to do so; for i am covered with the sand of the desert."
our travelers remained very quiet that day and the next.
the horses hadsuffered so much, that they required two days of rest, and theythemselves were not sorry to be inactive after their fatiguing journeyover the desert.
the cattle enjoyed the luxuriant pasture, and althoughthe tracks of the lions were discovered very near to them, yet, as theyhad plenty of fuel and attended themselves to the fires, they had notany visits from them during the night.
the hottentots had been out toreconnoiter, and found a profusion of game, in a large plain, about twomiles distant; and it was decided that they would rest where they werefor a day or two, if the game were not frightened away.
the river hadbeen crossed by swanevelt, who stated that there was a large herd ofelephants on the other side, and the tracks of the rhinoceros were to beseen on both sides of the river.
on the third morning after their arrival at the val, they set off,accompanied by the hottentots, to the plain which they had spoken of;riding through magnificent groups of acacia or camelthorn trees, manyof which were covered with the enormous nests of the social grosbeaks.
as they descended to the plain they perceived large herds of brindledgnoos, quaggas, and antelopes, covering the whole face of the country asfar as the eye could reach, moving about in masses to and fro, joiningeach other and separating, so that the whole plain seemed alive withthem.
"is not this splendid?"
cried the major.
"such a sight is worth all thetrouble and labor which we have undergone.
what would they say inengland, if they could but behold this scene?"
"there must be thousands and thousands," said alexander.
"tell me,swinton, what beautiful animals are those of a purple color?"
"they are called the purple sassabys," replied swinton; "one of the mostelegant of the antelope tribe."
"and those red and yellow out there?"
"they are the harte beests.
i wish to have male and female specimens ofboth, if i can."
said the major, "there is a fine flock of ostriches.
we arepuzzled where to begin.
come, we have surveyed the scene long enough;now forward,--to change it."
they rode down, and were soon within shot of the animals, and the riflesbegan their work.
the hottentots commenced firing from various points,and, alarmed by the report of the guns, the animals now fled away inevery direction, and the whole place was one cloud of dust.
ourtravelers put their horses to their speed, and soon came up with themagain, as their numbers impeded the animals in their flight.
every shottold, for it was hardly possible to miss; and the hottentots whofollowed on foot, put those who were wounded out of their misery.
atlast the horses were too fatigued and too much out of wind to continuethe pursuit, and they reined up.
"well, alexander, this has been sport, has it not?"
said the major.
"yes, a grand battue, on a grand scale, indeed."
"there were three animals which you did not observe," said swinton;"but it was impossible to get at them, they were so far off; but we musttry for them another time."
"what were they?"
"the elands, the largest of the antelope tribe," replied swinton, "andthe best eating of them all.
sometimes they are nineteen hands high atthe chest, and will weigh nearly 2,000 lbs.
it has the head of anantelope, but the body is more like that of an ox.
it has magnificentstraight horns, but they are not dangerous.
they are easily run down,for, generally speaking, they are very fat and incapable of muchexertion."
"we will look out for them to-morrow," said the major.
"see how thevultures are hovering over us; they know there will be bones for them topick this night."
"more than bones," replied alexander; "for what can we do with so manycarcasses?
there is provision for a month, if it would keep.
what aprodigious variety of animals there appears to be in this country."
"yes, they are congregated here, because the country, from want of rain,may be considered as barren.
but within eight or nine degrees oflatitude from the cape, we find the largest and most minute of creation.
we have the ostrich and the little creeper among the birds.
among thebeasts we have the elephant, weighing 4,000 lbs., and the black speckedmouse, weighing a quarter of an ounce.
we have the giraffe, seventeenfeet high, and the little viverra, a sort of weasel, of three inches.
ibelieve there are thirty varieties of antelopes known and described;eighteen of them are found in this country, and there are the largestand smallest of the species; for we have the eland, and we have thepigmy antelope, which is not above six inches high.
we see here also theintermediate links of many genera, such as the eland and the gnoo; andas we find the elephant, the rhinoceros, and wilmot's friend, thehippopotamus, we certainly have the bulkiest animals in existence."
bremen now came up to say that they had discovered a rhinoceros close tothe river-side, concealed in the bushes underneath a clump of acacia.
the major and alexander having declared their intention of immediatelygoing in pursuit, swinton advised them to be cautious, as the charge ofa rhinoceros was a very awkward affair, if they did not get out of theway.
they rode down to the clump of trees and bushes where the animalwas said to be hid, and, by the advice of bremen, sent for the dogs toworry the animal out.
bremen, who was on foot, was desired by the majorto take the horse which omrah rode, that he might be more expeditious,and our travelers remained with a clear space of two hundred yardsbetween them and the bushes where the animal was concealed.
thehottentots had also followed them, and were ordered on no account tofire till they had taken their positions, and the dogs were sent in todrive the animal out.
when bremen was but a short distance from them with the dogs, swintonadvised that they should dismount and take possession of a small clumpof trees which grew very close together, as they would be concealed fromthe animal.
they called omrah to take the horses, but he was not to beseen; so they gave them to one of the hottentots, to lead them to somedistance out of harm's way.
"the vision of the rhinoceros is so limited," observed swinton, "that itis not difficult to get out of his way on his first charge; but at hissecond he is generally prepared for your maneuver.
a ball in theshoulder is the most fatal.
look out, bremen has turned in the dogs."
the barking of the dogs, which commenced as soon as they entered thebushes, did not continue more than a minute, when a female rhinoceros ofthe black variety burst out of the thicket in pursuit of the retreatingdogs.
several shots were fired by the hottentots, who were concealed indifferent quarters without effect; the animal rushing along and tearingup the ground with its horns, looking out for its enemies.
at last itperceived a hottentot, who showed himself from a bush near to where ourtravelers were concealed.
the animal charged immediately, and incharging was brought down on its knees by a shot from alexander.
thehottentots rushed out, regardless of swinton's calling out to them tobe careful, as the animal was not dead, and had surrounded it within afew yards, when it rose again and fiercely charged swanevelt, whonarrowly escaped.
a shot from the major put an end to its career, andthey then walked to where the animal lay, when a cry from omrah, who wasstanding near the river, attracted their notice, and they perceived thatthe male rhinoceros, of whose presence they were not aware, had justburst out of the same covert, and was charging toward them.
every one immediately took to his heels; many of the hottentots in theirfear dropping their muskets, and fortunately the distance they were fromthe covert gave them time to conceal themselves in the thickets beforethe animal had time to come up with them.
a shot from swinton turned theassailant, who now tore up the earth in his rage, looking everywhereround with its sharp flashing eye for a victim.
at this moment, while itseemed hesitating and peering about, to the astonishment of the wholeparty, omrah showed himself openly on the other side of the rhinoceros,waving his red handkerchief, which he had taken off his head.
therhinoceros, the moment that the boy caught his eye, rushed furiouslytoward him.
"the boy's lost," cried swinton; but hardly had the wordsgone from his mouth, when to their astonishment, the rhinocerosdisappeared, and omrah stood capering and shouting with delight.
thefact was that omrah, when he had left our travelers, had gone downtoward the river, and as he went along had with his light weight passedover what he knew full well to be one of the deep pits dug by thebushmen to catch those animals.
having fully satisfied himself that itwas so, he had remained by the side of it, and when the rhinocerosrushed at him, had kept the pit between himself and the animal.
hisobject was to induce the animal to charge at him, which it did, and whenwithin four yards of the lad, had plunged into the pit dug for him.
thesuccess of omrah's plan explained the whole matter at once, and ourtravelers hastened up to where the rhinoceros was impounded, and foundthat a large stake, fixed upright in the center of the pit, had impaledthe animal.
a shot from the major put an end to the fury and agony ofthe animal.
"i never was more excited in my life; i thought the boy was mad andwanted to lose his life," said alexander.
"and so did i," replied swinton; "and yet i ought to have known himbetter.
it was admirably done; here we have an instance of thesuperiority of man endowed with reasoning power over brutes.
arhinoceros will destroy the elephant; the lion can make no impression onhim, and flies before him like a cat.
he is, in fact, the most powerfulof all animals; he fears no enemy, not even man, when he is provoked orwounded; and yet he has fallen by the cleverness of that little monkeyof a bushboy.
i think, major, we have done enough now, and may go backto the caravan."
"yes, i am well satisfied with our day's sport, and am not a littlehungry.
we may now let the hottentots bring home as much game as theycan.
you have taken care to give directions about your specimens,swinton?"
"yes, bremen knows the animals i require, and is now after them.
omrah,run and tell that fellow to bring our horses here."
"swinton, can birds and beasts talk, or can they not?"
said the major.
"i ask that question because i am now looking at the enormous nests ofthe grosbeaks.
it is a regular town, with some hundreds of houses.
thesebirds, as well as those sagacious animals, the beaver, the ant, and thebee, not to mention a variety of others, must have some way ofcommunicating their ideas."
"that there is no doubt of," replied swinton, laughing; "but still ibelieve that man only is endowed with speech."
"well, we know that; but if not with speech, they must have some meansof communication which answers as well""as far as their wants require it, no doubt," replied swinton, "but towhat extent is hidden from us.
animals have instinct and reasoningpowers, but not reason."
"where is the difference?"
"the reasoning powers are generally limited to their necessities; butwith animals who are the companions of man, they appear to be moreextended."
"we have a grand supper to-night," said alexander; "what shall i helpyou to--harte-beest, sassaby, or rhinoceros?"
"thank you," replied the major, laughing; "i'll trouble you for a smallpiece of that rhinoceros steak--underdone, if you please."
"how curious that would sound in grosvenor square."
"not if you shot the animals in richmond park," said swinton.
"those rascally hottentots will collect no fuel to-night if we do notmake them do it now," said the major.
"if they once begin to stuff itwill be all over with them."
"very true; we had better set them about it before the feast begins.
call bremen, omrah."
"having given their directions, our party finished their supper, andthen alexander asked swinton whether he had ever known any seriousaccidents resulting from the hunting of the rhinoceros.
"yes," replied swinton; "i once was witness to the death of a nativechief."
"then pray tell us the story," said the major.
"by hearing how otherpeople have suffered, we learn how to take care of ourselves."
"before i do so, i will mention what was told me by a namaqua chiefabout a lion; i am reminded of it by the major's observations as to themeans animals have of communicating with each other.
once when i wastraveling in namaqua-land, i observed a spot which was imprinted with atleast twenty spoors or marks of a lion's paw; and as i pointed them outa namaqua chief told me that a lion had been practicing his leap.
ondemanding an explanation, he said that if a lion sprang at an animal,and missed it by leaping short, he would always go back to where hesprang from, and practice the leap so as to be successful on anotheroccasion; and he then related to me the following anecdote, stating thathe was an eye-witness to the incident:"'i was passing near the end of a craggy hill from which jutted out asmooth rock of from ten to twelve feet high, when i perceived a numberof zebras galloping round it, which they were obliged to do, as the rockbeyond was quite steep.
a lion was creeping toward the rock to catch themale zebra, which brought up the rear of the herd.
the lion sprang andmissed his mark; he fell short, with only his head over the edge of therock, and the zebra galloped away, switching his tail in the air.
although the object of his pursuit was gone, the lion tried the leap onthe rock a second and a third time, till he succeeded.
during this twomore lions came up and joined the first lion.
they seemed to be talking,for they roared a great deal to each other; and then the first lion ledthem round the rock again and again.
then he made another grand leap, toshow them what he and they must do another time.'
the chief added, 'theyevidently were talking to each other, but i could not understand a wordof what they said, although they talked loud enough; but i thought itwas as well to be off, or they might have some talk about me.'"
"well, they certainly do not whisper," said the major, laughing.
"thankyou for that story, swinton, and now for the rhinoceros hunt."
"i was once out hunting with a griqua, of the name of henrick, and twoor three other men; we had wounded a springbok, and were following itstrack, when we came upon the footing of a rhinoceros, and shortlyafterward we saw a large black male in the bush."
"you mention a black rhinoceros.
is there any other?"
"yes, there is a white rhinoceros, as it is called, larger than theblack, but not so dangerous.
it is, in fact, a stupid sort of animal.
the black rhinoceros, as you are aware, is very fierce.
well, tocontinue: henrick slipped down behind a bush, fired, and wounded theanimal severely in the foreleg.
the rhinoceros charged, we all fled, andthe animal, singling out one of our men, closely pursued him; but theman, stopping short, while the horn of the rhinoceros plowed up theground at his heels, dexterously jumped on one side.
the rhinocerosmissed him and passed on in full speed, and before the brute couldrecover himself and change his course, the whole of us had climbed upinto trees.
the rhinoceros, limping with his wound, went round andround, trying to find us out by the scent, but he tried in vain.
atlast, one of the men, who had only an assaguay, said, 'well, how longare we going to stay here?
why don't you shoot?'
"'well,' said henrick, 'if you are so anxious to shoot, you may if youplease.
here is my powder-and-shot belt, and my gun lies under the tree.
the man immediately descended from the tree, loaded the gun, andapproaching the rhinoceros he fired and wounded it severely in the jaw.
the animal was stunned, and dropped on the spot.
thinking that it wasdead, we all descended fearlessly and collected round it; and the manwho had fired was very proud, and was giving directions to the others,when of a sudden the animal began to recover, and kicked with his hindlegs.
henrick told us all to run for our lives, and set us the example.
the rhinoceros started up again, and singling out the unfortunate manwho had got down and fired at it, roaring and snorting with rage,thundered after him.
"the man, perceiving that he could not outrun the beast, tried the sameplan as the other hunter did when the rhinoceros charged him: stoppingshort, he jumped on one side, that the animal might pass him; but thebrute was not to be balked a second time; he caught the man on his hornunder the left thigh, and cutting it open as if it had been done with anax, tossed him a dozen yards up in the air.
the poor fellow fell facingthe rhinoceros, with his legs spread; the beast rushed at him again, andripped up his body from his stomach to almost his throat, and againtossed him in the air.
again he fell heavily to the ground.
therhinoceros watched his fall, and running up to him trod upon him andpounded him to a mummy.
after this horrible tragedy, the beast limpedoff into a bush.
henrick then crept up to the bush; the animal dashedout again, and would certainly have killed another man if a dog had notturned it.
in turning short round upon the dog, the bone of itsfore-leg, which had been half broken through by henrick's first shot,snapped in two, and it fell, unable to recover itself, and was then shotdead."
"a very awkward customer, at all events," observed the major.
"i presumea leaden bullet would not enter?"
"no, it would flatten against most parts of his body.
by the by, i sawan instance of a rhinoceros having been destroyed by that cowardly brutethe hyena."
"yes, patience and perseverance on the hyena's part effected the work.
the rhinoceros takes a long while to turn round, and the hyena attackedhim behind, biting him with his powerful jaws above the joint of thehind leg, and continued so to do, till he had severed all the muscles,and the animal, forced from pain to lie down, was devoured as you maysay alive from behind; the hyena still tearing at the same quarter,until he arrived at the vital parts.
by the track which was marked bythe blood of the rhinoceros, the hyena must have followed the animal formany miles, until the rhinoceros was in such pain that it could proceedno further.--but if you are to hunt to-morrow at daybreak, it is time togo to sleep; so good-night."
at daybreak the next morning, they took a hasty meal, and started againfor the plain.
swinton, having to prepare his specimens, did notaccompany them.
there was a heavy fog on the plain when they arrived atit, and they waited for a short time, skirting the south side of it,with the view of drawing the animals toward the encampment.
at last thefog vanished, and discovered the whole country, as before, covered withevery variety of wild animals.
but as their object was to obtain theeland antelope, they remained stationary for some time, seeking forthose animals among the varieties which were scattered in alldirections.
at last omrah, whose eyes were far keener than even thehottentots', pointed out three at a distance, under a large acaciathorn.
they immediately rode at a trot in that direction, and thevarious herds of quaggas, gnoos, and antelopes scoured away before them;and so numerous were they, and such was the clattering of hoofs, thatyou might have imagined that it was a heavy charge of cavalry.
theobjects of their pursuit remained quiet until they were within threehundred yards of them, and then they set off at a speed, notwithstandingtheir heavy and unwieldy appearance, which for a short time completelydistanced the horses.
but this speed could not be continued, and themajor and alexander soon found themselves rapidly coming up.
the pooranimals exerted themselves in vain; their sleek coats first turned to ablue color, and then white with foam and perspiration, and at last theywere beaten to a stand-still, and were brought down by the rifles of ourtravelers, who then dismounted their horses, and walked up to thequarry.
"what magnificent animals!"
"they are enormous, certainly," said the major.
"look at the beautiful dying eye of that noble beast.
is it notspeaking?"
"yes, imploring for mercy, as it were, poor creature."
"well, these three beasts, that they say are such good eating, weighmore than fifty antelopes."
"more than fifty springboks, i grant.
well, what shall we do now?"
"let our horses get their wind again, and then we will see if we canfall in with some new game."
"i saw two or three antelopes, of a very different sort from thesassabys and harte-beests, toward that rising ground.
we will go thatway as soon as the hottentots come up and take charge of our game."
"does swinton want to preserve one of these creatures?"
"i believe not, they are so very bulky.
he says we shall find plenty aswe go on, and that he will not encumber the wagons with a skin until weleave the val river, and turn homeward.
now, bremen and omrah, come withus."
the major and alexander then turned their horses' heads, and rode slowlytoward the hill which they had noticed, and the antelopes which themajor had observed were now seen among the bushes which crowned thehill.
bremen said that he did not know the animals, and the major wasmost anxious to obtain one to surprise swinton with.
as soon as theycame within two hundred yards of the bushes on the other side of whichthe antelopes were seen, the major gave his horse to omrah and advancedalone very cautiously, that he might bring one down with his rifle.
hegained the bushes without alarming the animals, and the party leftbehind were anxiously watching his motions, expecting him every momentto fire, when the major suddenly turned round and came back at a hurriedpace.
"what is the matter?"
"matter enough to stop my growth for all my life," replied the major.
"if ever my heart was in my mouth, it was just now.
i was advancingsoftly, and step by step, toward the antelopes, and was just raising myrifle to fire, when i heard something flapping the ground three or fouryards before me.
i looked down, and it was the tail of a lioness, whichfortunately was so busy watching the antelopes with her head the otherway, that she did not perceive my being near her; whereupon i beat aretreat, as you have witnessed."
"well, what shall we do now?"
"wait a little till i have recovered my nerves," said the major, "andthen i'll be revenged upon her.
swinton is not here to preach prudence,and have a lion-hunt i will."
"with all my heart," replied alexander.
"bremen, we are going to attackthe lioness."
"yes, sir," said bremen; "then we had better follow cape fashion.
wewill back the horses toward her, and omrah will hold them while we willattack her.
i think one only had better fire, so we keep two guns inreserve."
"you are right, bremen," said alexander.
"then you and i will reserveour fire, and the major shall try his rifle upon her."
with some difficulty the horses were backed toward the bush, until themajor could again distinguish where the lioness lay, at about sixtypaces' distance.
the animal appeared still occupied with the game infront of her, watching her opportunity to spring, for her tail andhind-quarters were toward them.
the major fired, and the animal boundedoff with a loud roar; while the antelopes flew away like the wind.
theroar of the lioness was answered by a deep growl from another part ofthe bush, and immediately afterward a lion bolted out, and bounded fromthe bushes across the plain, to a small mimosa grove about a quarter ofa mile off.
"what a splendid animal!"
said alexander; "look at his black mane, italmost sweeps the ground."
"we must have him," cried the major, jumping on his horse.
alexander, bremen, and omrah did the same, and they followed the lion,which stood at bay under the mimosas, measuring the strength of theparty, and facing them in a most noble and imposing manner.
it appeared,however, that he did not like their appearance, or was not satisfiedwith his own position, for as they advanced he retreated at a slow pace,and took up his position on the summit of a stony hill close by, thefront of which was thickly dotted with low thorn-bushes.
thethorn-bushes extended about 200 yards from where the lion stood,disdainfully surveying the party as they approached toward him, andappearing, with a conscious pride in his own powers, to dare them toapproach him.
they dismounted from their horses as soon as they arrived at thethorn-bushes, and the major fired.
the rifle-ball struck the rock closeto the lion, who replied with an angry growl.
the major then took thegun from omrah and fired, and again the ball struck close to theanimal's feet.
the lion now shook his mane, gave another angry roar; andby the glistening of his eyes, and the impatient switching of his tail,it was evident that he would soon become the attacking party.
"load both your guns again," said alexander, "and then let me have ashot, major."
as soon as the major's guns were loaded, alexander took aim and fired.
the shot broke the lion's fore-leg, which he raised up with a voice ofthunder, and made a spring from the rock toward where our party stood.
"steady now," cried the major to bremen, at the same time handing hisspare rifle to alexander.
the rush of the angry animal was heard through the bushes advancingnearer and nearer; and they all stood prepared for the encounter.
atlast out the animal sprang, his mane bristling on end, his tail straightout, and his eyeballs flashing rage and vengeance.
he came down upon thehind-quarters of one of the horses, which immediately started off,overthrowing and dragging omrah to some distance.
one of the lion's legsbeing broken, had occasioned the animal to roll off on the side of thehorse, and he now remained on the ground ready for a second spring, whenhe received a shot through the back from bremen, who stood behind him.
the lion, with another dreadful roar, attempted to spring upon themajor, who was ready with his rifle to receive him; but the shot frombremen had passed through his spine and paralyzed his hind-quarters, andhe made the attempt in vain, a second and a third time throwing hisfore-quarters up in the air, and then falling down again, when a bulletfrom the major passed through his brain.
the noble beast sunk down,gnawing the ground and tearing it with the claws of the leg which hadnot been wounded, and then, in a few seconds, breathed his last.
"i am glad that is over, alexander," said the major; "it was almost tooexciting to be pleasant."
"it was very awful for the time, i must acknowledge," replied alexander.
"what an enormous brute!
i think i never saw such a magnificent skin.
"it is yours by the laws of war," said the major.
"nay," replied alexander, "it was you that gave him his _coup de grace_""yes, but if you had not broken his leg, he might have given some of usour _coup de grace_.
no, no, the skin is yours.
now the horses are off,and we can not send for the hottentots.
they have got rid of omrah, whois coming back with his shirt torn into tatters."
"the men will catch the horses and bring them here, depend upon it,sir," said bremen, "and then they can take off the skin."
"well, if i am to have the lion's skin, i must have that of the lionessalso, major; so we must finish our day's hunting with forcing her tojoin her mate."
"very good, with all my heart."
"better wait till the men come with the horses, sir," said bremen;"three guns are too few to attack a lion--very great danger indeed."
"bremen is right, alexander; we must not run such a risk again.
dependupon it, if the animal's leg had not been broken, we should not have hadso easy a conquest.
let us sit down quietly till the men come up."
in about half an hour, as bremen had conjectured, the hottentots,perceiving the horses loose, and suspecting that something had happened,went in chase of them, and as soon as they had succeeded in catchingthem, brought them in the direction to which they had seen our travelersride.
they were not a little astonished at so small a party havingventured to attack a lion, and gladly prepared for the attack of thelioness.
three of the dogs having accompanied them, it was decided thatthey should be put into the bushes where the lioness was lying when themajor fired at her, so as to discover where she now was; and leaving thelion for the present, they all set off for the first jungle.
the dogs could not find the lioness in the bushes, and it was evidentthat she had retreated to some other place; and swanevelt, who was anold lion-hunter, gave his opinion that she would be found in thedirection near to where the lion was killed.
they went therefore in thatdirection, and found that she was in the clump of mimosas to which thelion had first retreated.
the previous arrangement of backing the horsestoward where she lay was attempted, but the animals had been too muchfrightened in the morning by the lion's attack, to be persuaded.
theyreared and plunged in such a manner as to be with difficulty preventedfrom breaking loose; it was therefore necessary to abandon that plan,and trust to themselves and their numbers.
the clump of trees wassurrounded by the party, and the dogs encouraged to go in, which theydid, every now and then rushing back from the paws of the lioness.
thehottentots now fired into the clump at random, and their volleys wereanswered by the loud roars of the animal, which would not, however, showherself, and half an hour was passed away in this manner.
at last she was perceived at one side of the jungle, by swanevelt, whofired with effect, for the animal gave a loud roar, and then boundedout, not attempting to rush upon any person, but to make her escape fromher assailants.
a volley was fired at her, and one shot took effect, forshe fell with her head to the ground, and tumbled right over; butimmediately after she recovered herself, and made off for the busheswhere she had been first discovered.
"she was hit hard that time, at all events," said the major.
"yes, sir," said bremen, "that was her deathshot, i should think; butshe is not dead yet, and may give us a great deal of trouble."
they followed her as fast as they could on foot, and the dogs were soonupon her again; the animal continued to roar, and always from the samespot; so that it was evident she was severely wounded.
alexander and themajor reserved their fire, and approached to where the dogs were baying,not twenty yards from the jungle.
another roar was given, and suddenlythe body of the lioness rushed through the air, right in the directionwhere they stood; she passed, however, between them, and when shereached the ground, she fell on her side, quite dead.
it was her lastexpiring effort, and she died in the attempt.
alexander and the major,who were both ready to fire, lowered their rifles when they perceivedthat she was dead.
"well," said the major, "i will say that when i first saw her tail, iwas more frightened than i was just now, when she made the spring; i wasso taken by surprise."
"i don't doubt it.
she is a very large animal, and will make a handsomecompanion to the lion.
if we live and do well, and get home to englandagain, i will have her stuffed along with him, and put them in the samecase."
"i trust you will, and that i shall come and see them," replied themajor.
"i am sure i do, from my heart, my good fellow.
i am very much pleasedat our having killed both these beasts, without swinton being with us,as he would have been persuading us to leave them alone."
"and he would have done very right," replied the major.
"we are twonaughty boys, and shall be well scolded when we go back."
"which i vote we do now.
i think we have done quite enough for to-day."
"yes, indeed," replied the major, mounting his horse; "enough to talk ofall our lives.
now let us gallop home, and say nothing about havingkilled the lions until the hottentots bring them to the caravan."
"well, what sport have you had?"
was swinton's first question when hewas joined by alexander and the major.
replied the latter--"pretty well;we saw an antelope quite new to us, which we tried very hard to shoot,but were prevented by an unexpected meeting with a lioness."
the majorthen gave an account of his perceiving the tail of the lioness, and hisrapid retreat.
"i am very glad to hear that you were so prudent, major; it would havebeen a very rash thing to attack a lioness with only three guns.
so theantelopes escaped?"
"yes, but we have the elands, which you say are such good eating.
do westay here any longer, or do we proceed up the river?"
"you must ask wilmot to decide that point," said swinton.
"it is just as you please," said alexander; "but they say that the moreyou go to the northward, the more plentiful is the game."
"yes, and we shall fall in with the giraffe," said the major, "which isnow the great object of my ambition.
i have killed the rhinoceros andelephant, and now i must have the giraffe; they can kill the two firstanimals in india, but the other is only to be had in this country."
"and when you meet again your indian friends, you wish to say that youhave killed what they have not?"
"certainly; what is the good of traveling so far, if one has notsomething to boast of when one returns?
if i say i have hunted andkilled the rhinoceros and elephant, they may reply to me, 'so have we;'but if i add the giraffe, that will silence them; don't you observe,swinton, i then remain master of the field?
but here come the hottentotswith our game; come, swinton, leave your preparations for a littlewhile, and see what our morning's sport has been."
swinton put aside the skin of the sassaby that he was cleaning, andwalked with them to where the men were assembled, and was not a littlesurprised when he saw the skins and jaws of the lion and lioness.
he wasstill more so when the major recounted how they had been shot.
"you certainly have run a great risk," said he, "and i am glad that youhave been so successful.
you are right in saying that i should havepersuaded you not to attempt it; you are like two little boys who havetaken advantage of the absence of their tutor to run into mischief.
however, i am glad that it has been done, as i now hope your desire tokill a lion will not again lead you into unnecessary danger."
"no, indeed," replied alexander; "having once accomplished the feat, andbeing fully aware of the great risk that is run, we shall be moreprudent in future."
"that is all i ask of you," said swinton, "for i should be unhappy if wedid not all three return safe to the cape.
i never saw a finer lion'sskin: i will arrange it for you, that it shall arrive at the cape ingood order."
as usual, the afternoon was by the hottentots devoted to eating as muchas they could possibly contrive to get down their throats; the flesh ofthe eland was pronounced excellent by our travelers, and there was muchmore than they could possibly consume.
the hottentots were only allowedto bring a certain quantity into the camp, that they might not attractthe wild beasts.
they would have brought it all in, although they nevercould have eaten it.
the cattle were driven up in the evening, the fireslighted, and the night passed quietly away.
at daylight they turned the cattle out to graze for a couple of hours,and then yoked and proceeded on their journey, keeping as near as theycould to the banks of the river.
they saw many hippopotami, snorting andrising for a moment above the water, but they passed by them withoutattempting to shoot at them, as they did not wish to disturb the othergame.
as they advanced, the variety of flowers which were in bloomattracted the notice of alexander, who observed--"does not this plainput you in mind of a turkey carpet, major; so gay with every variety ofcolor?"
"yes, and as scentless," replied the major; "they are all very brilliantin appearance; but one modest english violet is, to my fancy, worth themall."
"i agree with you," replied swinton; "but still you must acknowledgethat this country is beautiful beyond description,--these grassy meadsso spangled with numerous flowers, and so broken by the masses of groveand forest!
look at these aloes blooming in profusion, with their coraltufts--in england what would they pay for such an exhibition?--and thecrimson and lilac hues of these poppies and amaryllis blended together:neither are you just in saying that there is no scent in this gayparterre.
the creepers which twine up those stately trees are verysweetly scented; and how picturesque are the twinings of those vinesupon the mimosas.
i can not well imagine the garden of eden to have beenmore beautiful."
"and in another respect there is a resemblance," said the major,laughing; "the serpent is in it""yes, i grant that," replied swinton.
"well, i can feel no real pleasure without security; if i am to be everon the alert, and turning my eyes in every direction, that i may nottread upon a puff adder, or avoid the dart of the cobra capella, i canfeel little pleasure in looking at the rich hues of those flowers whichconceal them.
as i said before, give me the violet and the rose ofengland, which i can pick and smell in security."
"i agree with you, major," said alexander; "but," continued he,laughing, "we must make allowance for swinton, as a naturalist.
a puffadder has a charm for him, because it adds one more to the numerousspecimens to be obtained; and he looks upon these flowers as abotanist, rejoicing as he adds to his herbal, or gathers seeds and bulbsto load his wagon with.
you might as well find fault with a husbandmanfor rejoicing in a rich harvest."
"or with himself, for being so delighted at the number and the varietyof the animals which fall to his rifle," replied swinton, smiling.
"there i have you, major."
"i grant it," replied the major; "but what is that in the river--theback of a hippopotamus?"
"no, it is the back of an elephant, i should rather think; but the reedsare so high, that it is difficult to ascertain.
there may be a herdbathing in the river, nothing more likely."
"let us stop the caravan; the creaking of these wheels would drive awayany thing," replied the major; "we will then ride forward and see whatit is.
it is not more than half a mile from us."
"be it so," replied swinton.
"omrah, get the rifles, and tell bremen tocome here.
now, major, is it to be a regular hunt, or only a passingshot at them; for i now perceive through my glass that they areelephants?"
"well, i think a passing shot will be best; for if we are to hunt, wemust send a party on the opposite side of the river, and that will be atedious affair."
"i think myself it will be better to proceed," said swinton; "so nowthen, to scatter the enemy."
they soon arrived at that part of the river where they had at a distancediscovered the elephants bathing; but as they approached, the high reedsprevented them from seeing the animals, although they could hear themplainly.
at last, as they proceeded a little further up the river, theydiscovered a female with its young one by its side; the mother playingwith its offspring, pouring water over it with its trunk, and now andthen pressing it into the water, so as to compel it to swim.
theywatched the motions of the animals for some time, and the major firstbroke silence by saying, "i really have not the heart to fire at thepoor creature; its maternal kindness, and the playing of the little one,are too interesting.
it would be cruel, now that we do not want meat,for an eland is to be killed every ten minutes."
"i am glad to hear you say so," replied swinton.
"let us fire over them,and set them all in motion."
"agreed," said the major; "this is to start them," and he fired off hisrifle in the air.
the noise that ensued was quite appalling; the shrieks and cries of theelephants, and the treading down and rushing through the reeds, thesplashing and floundering in the mud, for a few seconds, was followed bythe bounding out of the whole herd on the opposite bank of the river,tossing their trunks, raising up their ears, roaring wildly, andstarting through the bushes into the forest from which they haddescended.
two large males only were to be perceived among the wholeherd, the rest were all females and their young ones, who scrambled awayafter the males, crowding together, but still occasionally lookingbehind after their young ones, till they had all disappeared in theforest, the cracking and crushing of the bushes in which were heard formany minutes afterward.
"that was a splendid scene," said alexander.
"yes, it was a living panorama, which one must come to africa tobehold."
"i do not think that i shall ever become a true elephant-hunter," saidthe major.
"i feel a sort of repugnance to destroy so sagacious ananimal, and a degree of remorse when one lies dead.
at the same time, ifonce accustomed to the fearful crashing and noise attending theirmovements, i do not consider them very dangerous animals to pursue."
"not if people are cool and collected.
we have had several famouselephant-hunters among the dutch farmers.
i remember that one of them,after a return from a successful chase, made a bet that he would go upto a wild elephant and pluck eight hairs out of his tail.
he did so andwon his bet, for the elephant can not see behind him, and is not veryquick in turning round.
however, a short time afterward he made the sameattempt, and being foolhardy from success, the animal was too quick forhim, and he was crushed to death."
bremen now came up to them, to say that there was a party of people tothe eastward, and he thought that there was a wagon.
on examination withtheir telescopes, they found that such was the case; and our travelersturned their horses' heads in the direction, to ascertain who they mightbe, leaving the caravan to proceed by the banks of the river.
in aboutan hour, they came close to them, and swinton immediately recognizedthem as griquas, or mixed european and hottentot races.
of course, theymet in the most friendly manner, and the griquas said that they had cometo hunt the elephant, eland, and other animals; the former for theirivory, and the latter for their flesh.
their wagon, which was a very oldone, was loaded with flesh, cut in long strips, and hanging to dry; andthey had a great many hundred-weight of ivory, which they had alreadycollected.
as soon as our travelers had explained to them their ownmotions, the griquas said that they would bring their wagon down in theevening and encamp with them.
our travelers then returned to thecaravan.
as they promised, the griquas joined them late in the afternoon.
theywere a party of sixteen; all stout fellows, and armed with the long gunsused by the dutch boors.
they said that they had been two months fromgriqua-town, and were thinking of returning very soon, as their wagonwas loaded to the extent that it would bear.
the major stating that itwas their intention to hunt the giraffe, the griquas informed them thatthey would not find the animal to the southward of the val river, andthey would have to cross over into the territories of the kingmoselekatsee, who ruled over the bechuana country, to the northward ofthe river; and that it would be very dangerous to attempt so to dowithout his permission; indeed, that there would be danger in doing so,even with it.
"do you know any thing of this person, swinton?"
"yes, i have heard of him, but i did not know that he had extended hisconquests so low down as to the val river."
"who is he?"
"you have heard of chaka, the king of the zoolus, who conquered thewhole country, as far as port natal to the eastward?"
"yes," replied alexander; "we have heard of him."
"well, moselekatsee was a chief of two or three tribes, who, when hardpressed by his enemies, took refuge with chaka, and became one of hisprincipal warrior chiefs.
after a time he quarreled with chaka, aboutthe distribution of some cattle they had taken, and aware that he had nomercy to expect from the tyrant, he revolted from him with a largeforce, and withdrew to the bechuana country.
there he conquered all thetribes, enrolled them in his own army, and gradually became asformidable as chaka himself.
in the arrangements of his army, hefollowed the same plans as chaka, and has now become a most powerfulmonarch, and, they do say, is almost as great a tyrant and despot aschaka himself was.
i believe that the griquas are right in saying therewould be danger in passing through his dominions without hispermission."
"but," said alexander, "i suppose if we send a message to him andpresents, there will be no difficulty?"
"perhaps not, except that our caravan may excite his cupidity, and hemay be induced to delay us to obtain possession of its contents.
however, we had better put this question to the griquas, who probablycan answer it better."
the griquas, on being questioned, replied, that the best plan would beto send a message to the matabili capital, where moselekatsee resided,requesting permission to hunt in the country, and begging the monarch tosend some of his principal men to receive the presents which they had tooffer;--that it would not take long to receive an answer, as it wouldonly be necessary to deliver the message to the first officer belongingto moselekatsee, at the advanced post.
that officer would immediatelydispatch a native with the message, who would arrive much sooner thanany one they could send themselves.
bremen and three other hottentotsoffered to take the message, if our travelers wished it.
this was agreedto, and that afternoon they mounted their horses, and crossed the river.
by the advice of the griquas, the camp was shifted about a mile furtherup the river, on account of the lions.
the weather now threatened a change; masses of clouds accumulated, butwere again dispersed.
the next day the weather was again threatening;thunder pealed in the distant mountains, and the forked lightning flewin every direction; but the rain, if any, was expended on theneighboring hills.
a strong wind soon blew up so as to try the strength of the canvasawning of their wagons, and they found it difficult to keep their firesin at night.
they had encamped upon a wide plain covered with highgrass, and abounding with elands and other varieties of antelopes: herethey remained for five days, waiting the reply of the king of thematabili, and went out every day to procure game.
on the sabbath-day,after they had, as usual, performed divine service, they observed aheavy smoke to windward, which, as the wind was fresh, soon bore downupon them and inconvenienced them much.
swanevelt stated that the high grass had been fired by some means oranother, and as it threatened to come down upon the encampment, thehottentots and griquas were very busy beating down the grass round aboutthem.
when they had so done, they went to windward some hundred yardsand set fire to the grass in several places; the grass burned quickly,till it arrived at where it had been beaten down, and the fire wasextinguished.
that this was a necessary precaution was fully proved, foras the night closed in, the whole country for miles was on fire, and thewind bore the flames down rapidly toward them.
the sky was covered with clouds, and the darkness of the night made theflames appear still more vivid; the wind drove them along with a loudcrackling noise, sweeping over the undulating ground, now rising and nowdisappearing in the hollows, the whole landscape lighted up for miles.
as our travelers watched the progress of the flames, and every now andthen observed a terrified antelope spring from its lair, and appearinglike a black figure in a phantasmagoria, suddenly the storm burst uponthem and the rain poured down in torrents, accompanied with largehailstones and thunder and lightning.
the wind was instantly lulled, andafter the first burst of the storm a deathlike silence succeeded to thecrackling of the flames.
a deluge of rain descended, and in an instantevery spark of the conflagration was extinguished, and the pitchydarkness of the night was unbroken by even a solitary star.
the next morning was bright and clear, and after breakfast, theyperceived the hottentots who had been sent on their message tomoselekatsee, on the opposite bank of the river, accompanied by three ofthe natives; they soon crossed the river and came to the encampment.
thenatives, who were matabili, were tall, powerful men, well proportioned,and with regular features; their hair was shorn, and surmounted with anoval ring attached to the scalp, and the lobe of their left ears wasperforated with such a large hole, that it contained a small gourd,which was used as a snuff-box.
their dress was a girdle of strips ofcatskins, and they each carried two javelins and a knobbed stick forthrowing.
they were heartily welcomed by our travelers, who placed before them alarge quantity of eland-steaks, and filled their boxes with snuff.
assoon as they had finished eating, and drawn up a large quantity of snuffinto their nostrils, they explained through the griquas, who could speaktheir language, that they had come from the greatest of all monarchs inthe world, moselekatsee, who wished to know who the strangers were, whatthey wanted of him, and what presents they had brought.
swinton, who was spokesman, returned for answer that they were hunters,and not traders; that they had come to see the wonders of the countrybelonging to so great a monarch, and that hearing that his majesty hadanimals in his country which were not to be found elsewhere, they wantedpermission to kill some, to show upon their return to their own peoplewhat a wonderful country it was that belonged to so great amonarch;--that they had brought beads and copper wire, and knives, andboxes for making fire, and snuff and tobacco, all of which they wishedto present to the great monarch; a part as soon as they had receivedhis permission to enter his territory, and another part when they wereabout to leave it.
a handsome present of the above articles was thenproduced, and the messengers of the king, having surveyed the articleswith some astonishment, declared that their king would feel very gladwhen he saw all these things, and that he had desired them to tell ourtravelers that they might come into his dominions with safety, and killall the animals that they pleased.
that his majesty had commanded one ofthem to remain with the party, and that as soon as he had received hispresents, he would send a chief to be answerable for their safety.
thematabili then packed up the articles presented, and two of them set offat full speed on their return to the king.
the third, who remained,assured our travelers that they might cross the river and enter thematabili country as soon as they pleased.
a debate now ensued as to whether they should go with their whole forceor not.
the matabili had informed them that in three days' journey theywould fall in with the giraffe, which they were in search of, and asthere would be some risk in crossing the river, and they had everyreason to expect that it would soon rise, the question was whether itwould be prudent to take over even one of the wagons.
the opinion of thegriquas was asked, and it was ultimately arranged that they should takeover alexander's wagon only, with fifteen pair of oxen, and that some ofthe griquas should accompany them, with swanevelt, omrah, andmahomed;--that bremen and the hottentots should remain where they were,with the other three wagons and the rest of the griquas, until ourtravelers should return.
this arrangement was not at all disagreeable to the hottentots, who didnot much like the idea of entering the matabili country, and were veryhappy in their present quarters, as they were plentifully provided withgood meat.
alexander's wagon was therefore arranged so as to carry thebedding and articles they might require, all other things being removedto the other wagons.
their best oxen were selected, and eight of thefleetest of their horses, and on the following morning, havingascertained from the matabili the best place to cross the river, ourtravelers set off, and in an hour were on the other side.
there was no change in the country during the first day's journey; thesame variety and brilliancy of flowers were every where to be seen.
theeland and the other antelopes were plentiful, and they were soon joinedby parties of the natives, who requested them to shoot the animals forthem, which they did in quantities even sufficient to satisfy them.
indeed if they found them troublesome, our travelers had only to bringdown an eland, and the natives were immediately left behind, that theymight devour the animal, which was done in an incredibly short space oftime.
the matabili who had conducted them proved to be a chief, and ifhe gave any order, it was instantly obeyed; so that our travelers had notrouble with the natives except their begging and praying for snuff,which was incessant, both from the men and women.
neither did they fearany treachery from the matabili king, as they were well armed, and thegriquas were brave men, and the superiority of their weapons made them amatch for a large force.
every precaution, however, was taken when theyhalted at night, which they invariably did in the center of an openplain, to prevent any surprise; and large fires were lighted round thewagon.
they traveled on in this way for two days more, when in the evening theyarrived at a large plain sprinkled with mimosa-trees, and abutting onthe foot of a low range of hills.
the matabili told them that they wouldfind the giraffes on these plains, and the major, who was very anxious,kept his telescope to his eyes, looking round in every direction tillnightfall, but did not succeed in descrying any of the objects of hissearch.
they retired that night with anxious expectation for thefollowing morning, when they anticipated that they should fall in withthese remarkable animals.
their guns were examined and every precautiontaken, and having lighted their fires and set the watch, they went tobed; and, after commending themselves to the care of providence, weresoon fast asleep.
with the exception of three lions coming very near to the encampment androusing up the griquas, nothing occurred during the night.
in themorning they yoked the oxen and had all the horses saddled ready for thechase; but they were disappointed for nearly the whole day; as, althoughthey saw a variety of game, no giraffe appeared in sight.
in theafternoon, as they passed by a clump of mimosas, they were charged by arhinoceros, which nearly threw down alexander's best horse; but a volleyfrom the griquas laid him prostrate.
it was a very large animal, but notof the black or ferocious sort, being what is termed the whiterhinoceros.
within the last two days they had also observed that thegnoo was not of the same sort as the one which they had seen so long,but a variety which swinton told them was called the brindled gnoo; itwas, however, in every other respect the same animal, as to its motionsand peculiarities.
toward the evening the matabili warrior whoaccompanied them pointed to a mimosa at a distance, and made signs tothe major that there was a giraffe.
"i can not see him--do you, alexander?"
said the major; "he points tothat mimosa with the dead stump on the other side of it, there.
yes, itis one, i see the stump, as i called it, move; it must be the neck ofthe animal.
let loose the dogs, swanevelt," cried the major, startingoff at full speed, and followed by alexander, and omrah, with the sparehorse.
in a minute or two the giraffe was seen to get clear of themimosa, and then set off in an awkward, shambling kind of gallop; butawkward as the gallop appeared, the animal soon left the major behind.
it sailed along with incredible velocity, its long, swan-like neckkeeping time with its legs, and its black tail curled above its back.
"push on, alexander," cried the major; "if ever there were seven-leagueboots, that animal has a pair of them on.
he goes like the wind; but hecan not keep it up long, depend upon it, and our horses are in capitalcondition."
alexander and the major were now neck and neck, close to each other, atfull speed, when of a sudden the major's horse stumbled, and fell uponan ostrich, which was sitting on her nest; alexander's horse alsostumbled and followed after the major; and there they were, horses andriders, all rolling together among the ostrich-eggs; while the ostrichgained her legs, and ran off as fast as the giraffe.
as soon as they had got on their legs again, and caught the bridles oftheir horses, they looked round, but could not distinguish the giraffe,which was out of sight among the mimosa-trees; while omrah was very busypicking up their rifles, and laughing in a very disrespectful manner.
the major and alexander soon joined in the laugh.
no bones were broken,and the horses had received no injury.
all they had to do was to returnto the caravan looking very foolish.
"your first essay in giraffe-hunting has been very successful," saidswinton, laughing, as they came up to him.
"yes, we both threw very pretty summersets, did we not?"
"however, we have got some ostrich-eggs for supper, and that is betterthan nothing.
it will soon be dark, so we had better encamp for thenight, had we not?"
"i was about to propose it," said swinton.
"did you ever hunt the giraffe, swinton?"
inquired alexander, as theywere making their supper on roasted ostrich-eggs; each of them holdingone between his knees, and dipping out with a large spoon.
"never," replied swinton; "i have often seen them in namaqua-land, butnever killed one.
i remember, however, a circumstance connected with thegiraffe, which would have been incredible to me, if i had not seen theremains of the lion.
you are well aware how long and strong are thethorns of the mimosa (or kamel-tree, as the dutch call it, from thegiraffe browsing upon it), and how the boughs of these trees lie like anumbrella, close upon one another.
a native chief informed me that hewitnessed a lion attacking a giraffe.
the lion always springs at thehead or neck, and seizes the animal by that part, riding him, as itwere.
the giraffe sets off at full speed with its enemy, and is sopowerful as often to get rid of him; for i have seen giraffes killedwhich had the marks of the lion's teeth and claws upon them.
in thisinstance the lion made a spring, but the giraffe at that very momentturning sharp round, the lion missed his aim, and by the blow itreceived was tossed in the air, so that he fell upon the boughs of themimosa on his back.
the boughs were not only compact enough to bear hisweight, but the thorns that pierced through his body were so strong asto hold the enormous animal where he lay.
he could not disengagehimself; and they pointed out to me the skeleton on the boughs of thetree, as a corroboration of the truth of the story."
"it does really approach to the marvelous," observed the major; "but, asyou say, seeing is believing.
i trust that we shall be more fortunateto-morrow."
"i have gained a piece of information from swanevelt," said swinton,"which makes me very anxious that we should leave this as soon aspossible; which is, that the matabili king had no idea that we hadgriquas in our company, and still less that we were to come into hiscountry with only the griquas as attendants.
you are not perhaps awarethat moselekatsee is the deadly enemy of the griquas, with whom he hashad several severe conflicts, and that we are not very safe on thataccount?"
"why did not the griquas say so?"
"because they do not care for the matabili, and i presume are glad tocome into the country, that they may know something of it, in case oftheir making an attack upon it.
depend upon it, as soon as the kinghears of it, we shall be looked upon as spies, and he may send a partyto cut us off."
"have you said any thing to the griquas?"
"yes, and they laughed, and said that they should not care if we wentright up to the principal town, where moselekatsee resides."
"well, they are bold enough, and so far are good traveling companions;but we certainly did not come here to fight," observed the major.
"butdoes the matabili with us know that they are griquas?"
"he did not; he supposed that they were cape people whom we had broughtwith us; but he has found it out by the hottentots, i suppose.
swaneveltsays, that the very first body of matabili that we fell in with, he senta runner off immediately, i presume to give the information.
i think,therefore, that the sooner we can get away the better."
"well, i agree with you, swinton," replied alexander.
"we will try for the giraffe to-morrow, and when the major has had thesatisfaction of killing one, we will retrace our steps, for should we beattacked, it will be impossible to defend ourselves long againstnumbers.
so now to bed."
they rose early the next morning, and, leaving the wagon where it was,again proceeded on horseback in search of giraffes.
they rode at a slowpace for four or five miles, before they could discover any.
at last aherd of them were seen standing together browsing on the leaves of themimosa.
they made a long circuit to turn them, and drive them toward thecamp, and in this they succeeded.
the animals set off at their usualrapid pace, but did not keep it up long, as there were several not fullgrown among them, which could not get over the ground so fast as thelarge male of the preceding day.
after a chase of three miles, theyfound that the animals' speed was rapidly decreasing, and they werecoming up with them.
when within a hundred yards, alexander fired andwounded a female which was in the rear.
the major pushed on with thedogs after a large male, and it stopped at bay under a mimosa, kickingmost furiously at the dogs.
the major leveled his rifle, and brought theanimal down with his first shot.
it rose again, however, and for ahundred yards went away at a fast pace; but it again fell, to rise nomore.
the female which alexander had wounded received another shot, andwas then also prostrated."
"i have killed a _giraffe_," said the major, standing by the side of theone he had killed.
"it has been a long way to travel, and there havebeen some dangers to encounter for the sake of performing this feat; butwe have all our follies, and are eager in pursuit of just as greattrifles through life; so that in this i am not perhaps more foolish thanthe rest of mankind.
i have obtained my wishes--i have killed a giraffe;and now i don't care how soon we go back again."
"nor do i," replied alexander; "for i can say with you, when we arrivein england, i too have killed a giraffe; so you will not be able toboast over me.
by swinton's account if we stay here much longer, weshall have to kill matabili, which i am not anxious to do; therefore, inow say with you, i don't care how soon we go back to the cape."
as they were not more than two miles from the wagon, they rode back, andsent the griquas to bring in the flesh of the animals; swinton notcaring for the skins, as he had already procured some in namaqua-land,and the weight of them would be so very great for the wagon.
on theirreturn, they had some conversation with the griquas, who candidlyacknowledged that it was very likely that the matabili king wouldattempt to cut them off, although they appeared not at all afraid of hismaking the attempt.
they, however, readily consented to return the nextmorning.
that night, a messenger arrived to the matabili chief who wasescorting them.
what was the communication of course our travelers couldnot tell; but their suspicions were confirmed by the behavior of theman.
when he found that, on the following morning, they yoked the oxenand retraced their steps, he begged them not to go, but to advance intothe interior of the country, where they would find plenty of game; toldthem that the king would be very angry if they left so soon; and if hedid not see them, his heart would be very sad.
but our travelers hadmade up their mind, and traveled back during the whole of that day.
thematabili dispatched the messenger who had come to him, and who again setoff at all speed; at night he urged our travelers not to go back, sayingthat the king would be very angry with him.
but as the griquas were nowequally convinced that treachery was intended, they paid no attentionto the matabili chief, and continued their route, shooting elands by theway for their sustenance.
late in the evening of the third day theyfound themselves on the borders of the val river.
it was still two hoursbefore dark, and as the matabili pressed them to encamp where they were,they were satisfied that they had better not, and therefore they fordedthe river, and rejoined the caravan, under charge of bremen, just asnight closed in.
the griquas said, that from the matabili wishing them to remain on theother side of the river, they were persuaded that a force would arriveduring that night or the following morning, and that it would benecessary to be on the look-out; although probably the enemy would notventure to attack them without further orders, now that they were nolonger in moselekatsee's dominions.
every preparation was thereforemade: the griquas and hottentots were all supplied with ammunition, andmustered with their guns in their hands.
the wagons were arranged, thefires lighted, and four men were posted as sentinels round theencampment.
what added still more to their suspicions was, that, aboutan hour after dark, the matabili chief was not to be found.
"my opinion is," said the major, "that we ought to steal a march uponthem.
our oxen are in excellent condition, and may travel till to-morrowevening without feeling it.
let us yoke and be off at once, now that itis dark.
the moon will rise about two o'clock in the morning, but beforethat the wagons will be twelve or fifteen miles off.
alexander and i,with bremen, will remain here with our horses and wait till the moonrises, to see if we can discover any thing: and we can easily join thewagons by daybreak.
we will keep the fires up, to allow them to supposethat we are still encamped, that they may not pursue."
"and also to keep off the lions," observed alexander, "which are notenemies to be despised."
"i think it is a very good plan; but why not have more men with you?
wehave plenty of horses, and so have the griquas."
"well then, let us talk to the griquas."
the griquas approved of the plan; and, having their own horses, six ofthem agreed to remain with alexander and the major, and swanevelt andtwo more of the hottentots were also mounted to remain; which made aforce of twelve men, well mounted and well armed.
the remainder of thecaravan yoked the oxen to the wagons, and, under the direction ofswinton, set off in a southerly direction, across the desert, instead ofgoing by the banks of the val river, as before.
this had been arranged previously to any expected attack from thematabili, as it would considerably shorten the distance on returning,although they knew that they would find much difficulty in procuringwater for a few days.
after the caravan had departed, it was found thatomrah had helped himself to a horse and a gun, and had remained in thecamp; but as he was always useful, his so doing was passed over withoutnotice.
in half an hour the wagons were out of sight, and the noise oftheir wheels was no longer to be heard.
they fastened their horses in the center of the fires, and sat down bythem till the moon rose, when they directed their eyes to the oppositebank of the river; but for some time nothing was discovered to confirmtheir suspicions.
when the moon was about an hour high, they perceived abody of men coming, down toward the banks, and the moon shone upon theirshields, which were white.
as soon as they arrived at the bank of theriver, they all sat down, without making any noise.
shortly afterward,another body with dark-colored shields, made their appearance, who camedown and joined the first.
"we were not wrong in our suspicions, at all events," said the major; "ishould say that there are not less than a thousand men in these twoparties which have already appeared.
now, what shall we do?
shall weremain here, or shall we be off, and join the wagons?"
"i really can hardly decide which would be the best," replied alexander;"let us have a consultation with bremen and the griquas."
"if we were to go away now," said bremen, "the fires would soon be out,and they might suspect something, and come over to reconnoiter.
whenthey found that we were gone, they would perhaps follow us, and overtakethe wagons; but if we remain here, and keep the fires up till daybreak,the wagons will have gained so much more distance."
the griquas were of the same opinion; and it was decided that they wouldremain there till daybreak, and then set off.
"but," said alexander, "shall we leave this before they can see us, orallow them to see us?"
the griquas said, that it would be better that the enemy should seethem, as then they would know that the fires had been kept up to deceivethem, and that the wagons were probably a long way off.
this having been agreed upon, a careful watch was kept upon the enemyduring the remainder of the night.
although the moon had discovered theapproach of the matabili to the party, the spot where the camp had beenpitched was in the shade, so that from the opposite side of the riveronly the fires could be distinguished.
a little before dawn, some onewas heard approaching, and they were all prepared to fire, when theydiscovered that it was omrah, who, unknown to them, had crawled down tothe banks of the river to reconnoiter the enemy.
omrah, who was out of breath with running, stated that some of thematabili were crossing the river, and that six had landed on this side,before he came up to give the information.
he pointed to a clump oftrees, about three hundred yards off, and said that they had gone up inthat direction, and were probably there by that time.
"then we had better saddle and mount," said the major, "and ride awaygently to the wood on this side of the camp.
we shall then be able towatch their motions without being seen."
this advice was good, and approved by all.
they led out their horseswithout noise, and as soon as they had done so, they went back, andthrew more fuel on the fires.
they then retreated to the wood, which wasabout the same distance from the camp, on the other side, as the clumpof trees where the matabili were secreted.
they had hardly concealed themselves, before the matabili in the clump,surprised at not seeing the awnings of the wagons, and suspecting thatthey had been deceived, came out from their ambuscade; first crawling onall-fours, and as they arrived at the camp, and found only firesburning, rising up one after another.
after remaining about a minute inconsultation, two of the party were sent back to the river tocommunicate this intelligence to the main body, while the otherssearched about in every direction.
alexander, with the major and theirparty, remained where they were, as it was their intention to crossthrough the wood, until they came to the open ground, about a quarter ofa mile to the southward, and then show themselves to the enemy, beforethey went to join the wagons.
in a few minutes it was daylight, and they now perceived that the wholebody of the matabili were crossing the river.
"they intend to pursue us, then," said alexander.
omrah now pointed to the side of the river, in the direction which thewagons had traveled when they came up by its banks, saying, "when goaway--ride that way first--same track wagon go that way back--same waywagon come."
"the boy is right," said the major; "when we start from the wood, wewill keep by the riverside, in the track by which the wagons came; andwhen we are concealed from them by the hills or trees, we will thenstart off to the southward after the wagons."
"i see," replied alexander; "they will probably take the marks of thewagon-wheels coming here, for those of the wagons going away, and willfollow them; presuming, as we go that way, that our wagons have gonealso.
but here they come up the banks; it is time for us to be off."
"quite time," said the major; "so now let us show ourselves, and thentrust to our heels."
the matabili force was now within four hundred yards of the camp.
itwas broad daylight; and, with their white and red shields and shortspears in their hands, they presented a very formidable appearance.
there was no time to be lost, so the party rode out of the end of thewood nearest the river, and, as soon as they made their appearance, werereceived by a yell from the warriors, who dashed forward in thedirection where they stood.
the major had directed that no one shouldfire, as he and alexander did not wish that any blood should be shedunnecessarily.
they therefore waved their hands, and turning theirhorses' heads galloped off by the banks of the river, keeping in thetracks made by the wagons when they came up.
as soon as they galloped a quarter of a mile, they pulled up, and turnedtheir horses' heads to reconnoiter.
they perceived that the matabiliforce was pursuing them at the utmost speed: but as they had nohorsemen, that speed was of course insufficient to overtake thewell-mounted party in advance.
as soon as they were near, our partyagain galloped off and left them behind.
thus they continued for four orfive miles, the matabili force pursuing them, or rather following thetracks of the wagons, when they observed a belt of trees before themabout a mile off; this the major considered as a good screen to enablethem to alter their course without being perceived by the enemy.
theytherefore galloped forward, and as soon as they were hidden by thetrees, turned off in a direction by which they made certain to fall inwith the track which the wagons had made on their departure during thenight.
they had ridden about two miles, still concealed in the wood, when theyhad the satisfaction of perceiving the matabili force still following ata rapid pace the tracks of the wagons on the riverside.
having watchedthem for half an hour, as they now considered that all was safe, theyagain continued their course, so as to fall in with the wagons.
"i think we are clear of them now," said the major; "they have evidentlyfallen into the trap proposed by that clever little fellow, omrah."
"he is a very intelligent boy," observed alexander, "and, traveling inthis country, worth his weight in gold."
"i wish swinton would make him over to me," said the major; "but,alexander, do you observe what a change there is already in thecountry?"
"i do indeed," replied alexander; "and all ahead of us it appears to bestill more sterile and bare."
"yes, when you leave the rivers, you leave vegetation of all kindsalmost.
there is no regular rainy season at all here, swinton says; wemay expect occasional torrents of rain during three months, but they arenow very uncertain; the mountains attract the greater portion of therain, and sometimes there will not be a shower on the plains for thewhole year."
"how far shall we have to travel before we fall in with water again?"
"swinton says there may be water in a river about sixty miles from wherewe started last night; if not, we shall have to proceed about thirtymiles further, to the gykoup or vet river.
after that we shall have todepend for many days upon the water we may find in the holes, which, asthe season is now coming on, may probably be filled by the rain."
alexander and his party rode for seven or eight miles before they fellin with the tracks of the caravan; they then pulled up their jadedhorses, and proceeded at a more leisurely pace, so that it was not tilllate in the evening that they discovered the wagons at some distance,having passed the dry bed of salt river ahead of them.
during the wholeday their horses had had neither food nor water, and the animals weremuch exhausted when they came up with the wagons.
the oxen also werefatigued with so long a journey, having made nearly fifty miles sincethey started the evening before.
the country was now stony and sterile; a little vegetation was to befound here and there, but not sufficient to meet the wants of theanimals, and water there was none.
during the day but little game hadbeen seen,--few zebras and ostriches only; all other varieties haddisappeared.
there was of course no wood to light the fires round theencampment: a sufficiency for cooking their victuals had been throwninto the wagons, and two sheep were killed to supply a supper for sonumerous a party.
but the absence of game also denoted the absence oflions, and they were not disturbed during the night.
in the morning thegriquas parted company with them, on the plea that their oxen and horseswere in too poor a condition to pass over the desert, and that they mustmake a direct course for the val river and return by its banks.
our travelers gave them a good supply of ammunition, the only thing thatthey wished for, and the griquas, yoking their oxen to the crazy oldwagon, set off in a westerly direction.
the route of the caravan was now directed more to the south-west, andthey passed over an uninterrupted plain strewed with smallland-tortoises, and covered with a profusion of the gayest flowers.
about noon, after a sultry journey of nine hours, they fortunatelyarrived at a bog, in which they found a pool of most fetid water, whichnothing but necessity could have compelled either them or the exhaustedanimals to drink.
near this pool in the desert they found several wildanimals, and they obtained three gnoos for a supply of provision; thelittle wood that they had in the wagon for fuel was all used up incooking their supper.
a heavy dew fell during the night, and in the morning, before the sunrose, they were enveloped in a thick fog.
as the fog dispersed, theyperceived herds of quaggas in all directions, but at a great distance.
they again yoked the oxen and proceeded on their journey; the countrywas now covered with herbage and flowers of every hue, and looked like agarden.
"how strange that the ground should be covered with flowers where thereis no rain or water to be found," observed alexander.
"it is the heavy dews of the night which support them," said swinton,"and perhaps the occasional rains which fall."
a line of trees to the southward told them that they were nowapproaching an unnamed river, and the tired oxen quickened their pace;but on their arrival they found that the bed of the river was dry, andnot even a drop of water was to be found in the pools.
the poor animals,which had been unyoked, snuffed and smelt at the wet, damp earth, andlicked it with their tongues, but could obtain no relief.
the waterwhich they had had in the casks for their own drinking was now, allgone; and there were no hopes of obtaining any till they arrived at thevet river, at least twenty-five to thirty miles distant.
two of the oxenlay down to rise no more, the countenances of the hottentots weredejected and sullen, and our travelers felt that their situation wasalarming.
while they were still searching and digging for water, the sky becameovercast, thunder and lightning were seen and heard in the distance, andthe clouds came rolling in volumes toward them.
hope was now in everyface; they already anticipated the copious showers which were tosucceed; their eyes ever fixed upon the coming storm; even the cattleappeared to be conscious that relief was at hand.
all the day the cloudscontinued to gather, and the lightning to gleam.
night closed in, butthe rain had not yet fallen; the wind rose up, and in less than an hourall the clouds had passed away, the stars shone out brightly, and theywere left in a state of suffering and disappointment.
as our travelers were sitting together, each occupied with his ownmelancholy thoughts, after the dispersion of the clouds and theanticipated relief, the major said--"it is useless our remaining here; we must all perish if we do notproceed, and it would be better for us to yoke and travel by night; theanimals will bear the journey better, and the people will not be soinclined to brood over their misfortunes when on the march as when thushuddled together here, and communicating their lamentations todishearten each other.
it is now nine o'clock; let us yoke and push onas far as we can."
"i agree with you, major," said alexander; "what do you say, swinton?"
"i am convinced that it will be the best plan, so let us rouse up thepeople at once.
there is the roar of a lion at some distance, and wehave no fires to scare them off."
"the creaking of the wagon-wheels will be better than nothing," repliedthe major.
the hottentots were roused, and the orders given to yoke: the poorfellows were all sound asleep; for a hottentot, when he hungers orthirsts, seeks refuge from all his miseries in sleep.
the oxen wereyoked, and they proceeded; but hardly had they gone a mile, when theroar of three or four lions, close upon them, caused such alarm to thehorses and the oxen which were not yoked that they started off in fullgallop in a northerly direction.
alexander, the major, and omrah, who were the best mounted, immediatelyset off in pursuit of them, desiring swinton to proceed with thecaravan, and they would drive on the cattle and join him.
they gallopedoff as well as the horses could gallop, and perceived the stray horsesand oxen still at full speed, as if they were chased by the lions.
theyfollowed in the direction, but it was now so dark that they were guidedonly by the clatter of their hoofs and their shoes in the distance; andafter a chase of four or five miles they had lost all vestiges of them,and pulled up their panting steeds.
"we may as well go back again," said alexander; "the animals must havemade a circuit."
"i suppose so," said the major; "but my horse trembles so, that i hadbetter dismount for a little while, that he may recover himself; indeed,so had you too and omrah, for the animals are completely worn out."
"the clouds are rising again," said alexander; "i trust that we may notbe disappointed a second time."
"yes, and there is lightning again in the horizon--may the almighty helpus in our distress," exclaimed the major.
the horses, exhausted from want of water, continued to pant sofearfully, that it was nearly half an hour before they ventured tomount, that they might return to the caravan.
in the meantime theheavens had become wholly obscured by the clouds, and there was everyprospect of a heavy shower; at last a few drops did fall.
exclaimed alexander, as he lifted his face up to theheavens, to feel the drops as they fell.
"now let us return."
they mounted their horses and set off, but the stars were no longervisible to guide them, and they proceeded on at a slow pace, uncertainwhether they were right or wrong.
this they cared little about; theirthoughts were upon the coming rain, which they so anxiously awaited.
formore than three hours they were tantalized by the lightning flashing andthe thunder pealing, every moment expecting the flood-gate of theheavens to be opened; but, as before, they were doomed todisappointment.
before the morning dawned the clouds had againretreated; and when the sky was clear, they found by the stars thattheir horses' heads were turned to the northward and eastward.
they altered their course in silence, for they were worn out anddespondent; they suffered dreadfully from thirst, and it was pitiable tosee the tongues of the poor horses hanging out of their mouths.
daydawned, and there were no signs of the caravan.
a thick vapor was risingfrom every quarter, and they hoped that when it cleared up they would bemore fortunate; but no, there was the same monotonous landscape, thesame carpet of flowers without perfume.
the sun was now three hourshigh, and the heat was intense; their tongues clove to the roofs oftheir mouths, while still they went on over flowery meads; but neitherforest nor pool, nor any trees which might denote the bed of the river,caught their earnest gaze.
"this is dreadful," said alexander, at last, speaking with difficulty.
"we are lost, that is certain," said the major; "but we must trust ingod."
"yes, we may now say, lord help us, or we perish," replied alexander.
at this moment, little omrah, who had been behind, rode up to them, andoffered them one of the hottentots' pipes, which he had lighted saying,"smoke,--not feel so bad."
alexander took it, and after a few whiffsfound that it had the effect or producing a little saliva, and he handedit to the major, who did the same, and felt immediate relief.
they continued to walk their horses in a southerly direction; but theheat was now so great, that it became almost insufferable, and at lastthe horses stood still.
they dismounted and drove their horses slowlybefore them over the glowing plain; and now the mirage deluded andtantalized them in the strangest manner.
at one time alexander pointedwith delight (for he could not speak) to what he imagined to be thewagons; they pushed on, and found that it was a solitary quagga,magnified thus by the mirage.
sometimes they thought that they saw lakesof water in the distance, and hastened on to them; and then they fanciedthey were close to rivers and islands, covered with luxuriant foliage,but still were doomed to disappointment; as all was the result of thehighly-rarefied air, and the refraction of the sun's rays on the sultryplain.
what would they have given for a bush even to afford them anyshelter from the noonday sun, for the crowns of their heads appeared asif covered with live coal, and their minds began to wander.
the poorhorses moved at the slowest pace, and only when driven on by omrah, whoappeared to suffer much less than his masters.
every now and then hehanded to them the pipe, but at last even that had no longer any relief.
speech had been for some hours totally lost.
gradually the sun sunk downto the horizon, and as his scorching rays became less intense they to acertain degree recovered their wandering senses.
at night they sat down by the side of the horses, and, worn out withfatigue and exhaustion, fell into a troubled sleep; a sleep which, if itrelieved their worn-out frames, condemned them to the same tantalizingfeelings as had been created by the mirage during the day.
they dreamedthat they were in the bowers of paradise, hearing heavenly music;passing from crystal stream to stream, slaking their thirst at each,and reclining on couches of verdant green.
every thing that wasdelightful appeared to them in their dreams; they were in the abodes ofbliss, and thus did they remain for an hour or two, when they werewakened up by the roar of a lion, which reminded them that they werewithout food or water in the desert.
they awoke speechless with thirst, their eyes inflamed, and their wholebodies burning like a coal, and the awful roar of the lion stillreverberated along the ground.
they started on their legs, and foundomrah close to them, holding the bridles of the horses, which wereattempting to escape.
they were still confused, when they were fullyrestored to their waking senses by a second roar of the lion stillnearer to them; and by the imperfect light of the stars they could nowdistinguish the beast at about one hundred yards' distance.
omrah putthe bridles of their two horses in their hands, and motioned them to goon in the direction opposite to where the lion was.
they did so withoutreflection, mechanically obeying the directions of the man-child, andnot perceiving that omrah did not follow them.
they had advanced aboutone hundred yards with the terrified animals, when another loud roar wasfollowed up by the shriek of the other horse, announcing that he hadbecome a victim to the savage animal.
they both started, and droppingthe reins of their horses, hastened with their rifles to the help ofomrah, of whose absence they now for the first time were aware; but theywere met half-way by the boy, who contrived to say with difficulty,"lion want horse, not little bushman."
they waited a few seconds, butthe cries of the poor animal, and the crushing and cracking of itsbones, were too painful to hear; and they hastened on and rejoined theother horses, which appeared paralyzed with fear, and had remainedstationary.
they again led their horses on for an hour, when they arrived at a smallpile of rocks; there they again lay down, for they were quite exhaustedand careless of life.
not even the roar of a lion would have arousedthem now, or if it had roused them they would have waited for theanimal to come and put an end to their misery.
but another and a softernoise attracted the quick ear of omrah, and he pushed alexander, and puthis finger up to induce him to listen.
having listened a little longer, omrah made signs to alexander and themajor to follow him.
the noise which omrah had heard was the croaking ofa frog, which denoted water at hand, and the sniffing of the horsesconfirmed him in his supposition.
omrah led the way through the rocks,descending lower and lower; and ever and anon listening to the noise ofthe animal, till he perceived the stars of heaven above reflected in asmall pool, which he pointed out to alexander and the major.
down theydropped to earth and drank, and as soon as their thirst was satisfiedthey rose, and pushed omrah forward to make him drink also; and as theboy who had saved their lives was drinking, they kneeled down andprayed--not loud, for they had not yet recovered their speech; but ifever grateful prayers were offered up to the almighty throne, they wereby our two travelers, as they kneeled by the side of this small pool.
they rose and hastened to their horses, and led them down to the water,when the poor animals filled themselves almost to bursting, walked away,and returned to drink more.
they also repeated their draught severaltimes, and then lay down, and would have fallen asleep by the side ofthe pool had not omrah, who could now speak freely, said, "no, no; lioncome here for water; up the rock again and sleep there--i bring horses."
this good advice was followed, and when they had gained the summit ofthe rising ground they again lay down and slept till daylight.
when they awoke, they found themselves much refreshed, but they nowfelt--what they had not done during their extreme suffering fromthirst--the craving pangs of hunger.
omrah was fast asleep, and thehorses picking among the herbage, about two hundred yards off.
"we have much to thank god for," said alexander to the major.
"we have indeed, and, next to divine aid, we have to thank that poorboy.
we have been as children in his hands, and we are indebted to himand his resources for our lives this night.
i could not speak yesterday,nor could you; but his courage in remaining with the horse as anoffering to the lion i shall not forget."
"he is a child of the desert," replied alexander; "he has been broughtup among lions, and where there is scarcity of water, and he has mostwonderfully guided us in our path; but we are still in the desert, andhave lost our companions.
what must we do?
shall we attempt to regainthe caravan, or push off to the westward, to fall in with the riveragain?"
"we will talk of this an hour hence," replied the major; "let us now godown to the pool, and as soon as i have had a drink i will try if i cannot kill something for a meal.
my hunger is now almost as great as wasmy thirst."
"and mine too, so i will go with you; but we must be careful how weapproach the water, as we may fall in with some animal to make a mealof."
"or with a lion, ready to make a meal of us," replied the major; "so ineither instance we must approach it cautiously."
as they walked to the pool, they discovered the head of an antelope justabove a rock.
the major fired, and the animal fell.
the report of therifle was answered by a roar; three lions bounded away from the rock,and went at a quick canter over the plain.
"both our suppositions have proved correct," observed alexander, as theywalked up to where the antelope lay dead; "but how are we to cook theanimal?"
"any dry stuff will serve for a fire, if we can only get enough, and avery little cooking will serve us just now.
here comes omrah.
let uscarry the game up to where we slept last night, as soon as we have had adrink."
they went to the pool, and were surprised to behold the filthy puddlewhich had appeared to them so like nectar the night before.
they werenot sufficiently thirsty to overcome their disgust, and they turned awayfrom it.
omrah now began collecting dried grass, and herbs, and lichen from therocks, and had soon a sufficiency to make a small fire; they struck alight, and cutting off steaks from the antelope, were in a short timevery busy at the repast.
when their hunger was appeased, they found thattheir thirst was renewed, and they went down to the pool, and shuttingtheir eyes drank plentifully.
omrah cooked as much of the meat as thesmall fire would permit, that they might not want for the nexttwenty-four hours; and the horses being again led to the water to drink,they mounted, and proceeded to the southward, followed by omrah on foot.
another day was passed in searching for the caravan without success.
nowater was to be found.
the heat was dreadful; and at night they threwthemselves down on the ground, careless of life; and had it not beensinful they would have prayed for death.
the next morning they arose ina state of dreadful suffering; they could not speak, but they madesigns, and resolved once more to attempt to join the caravan.
they proceeded during the whole of the forenoon in the direction bywhich they hoped to discover the tracks of the wagons.
the heat wasoverpowering, and they felt all the agony of the day before.
at last thehorses could proceed no further; they both lay down, and our travelershad little hopes of their ever rising again.
the scorching of the sun'srays was so dreadful, that they thrust their heads into some emptyant-hills to keep off the heat, and there they lay in as forlorn andhopeless a state as the horses.
speak they could not; their parchedtongues rattled like boards against the roofs of their mouths; theirlips were swollen and bloated, and their eyes inflamed and starting fromthe sockets.
as alexander afterward said to swinton, he then recollectedthe thoughts which had risen in his mind on his departure from theenglish shore, and the surmise whether he might not leave his bonesbleaching in the desert; and alexander now believed that such was to bethe case, and he prayed mentally and prepared for death.
the major wasfully possessed of the same idea; but as they lay at some yards'distance, with their heads buried in the ant-hills, they could notcommunicate with each other even by signs.
at last they fell into astate of stupor and lost all recollection.
but an almighty providencewatched over them, and during their state of insensibility the cloudsagain rose and covered the firmament, and this time they did not rise inmockery; for, before the day was closed, torrents descended from themand deluged the whole plain.
omrah, who had held up better than his masters, crawled out of theant-hill into which he had crept; and as soon as the rain descended, hecontrived to pull the heads of the major and alexander, who stillremained senseless, from out of the ant-hills, and to turn theirblackened and swollen faces to the sky.
as their clothes becamesaturated with the rain and the water poured into their mouths, theygradually revived, and at last were completely restored.
the wind nowrose and blew fresh, and before morning they were shivering with cold,and when they attempted to get up found their limbs were cramped.
soon after daylight the rain ceased, and they were glad to bask in thethen cheering rays of the sun, which had nearly destroyed them on theday before.
the horses had recovered their legs and were feeding closeto them; and the flesh of the antelope, which had been untasted, was nowgreedily devoured.
most devoutly did they return thanks for theirpreservation, and the hopes which were now held out to them ofultimately regaining the colony; for they had abandoned all hopes ofreaching the caravan, as they considered the risk of crossing the deserttoo great.
they made up their minds to push for the val river as fast asthey could, and proceed back by its banks.
they had two horses, and omrah could ride behind one of them, when hewas tired; they had guns and ammunition, and although they were fullyaware of the dangers to which they would be exposed, they thoughtlightly of them after what they had suffered.
they now mounted theirhorses, and proceeded at a slow pace toward the westward, for the pooranimals were still very weak.
at sunset they had traveled about tenmiles, and looked out for a spot to pass the night.
wood to light firesthey had none, but they hoped, if their horses were not taken away bythe lions, to reach a branch of the river by the following evening.
there was now no want of water, as they repeatedly passed by smallpools, which, for a day or two at least, would not be evaporated by theheat of the sun.
but they knew that by that time, if no more rain fell,they would have again to undergo the former terrible privations, andtherefore resolved upon continuing their course toward the river astheir safest plan, now that they had lost the caravan.
as they were seated on a rising ground which they had chosen for theirnight's rest, and occasionally firing off their rifles to drive away thelions which were heard prowling about; all of a sudden omrah cried out,and pointed to the northward; our travelers turned and perceived arocket ascending the firmament, and at last breaking out into a group ofbrilliant stars.
"it is the caravan," exclaimed the major; "swinton has remembered that iput some rockets into my wagon."
"we must have passed it," said alexander, springing on his feet.
"god bepraised for all his mercies."
"amen," replied the major devoutly.
omrah ran after the horses, which were feeding close to them, for theirinstinctive fear of the lions made them keep as close as possible totheir masters.
they were soon mounted, with omrah behind the major, andset off at all the speed that they could obtain from the animals.
afteran interval another rocket was seen, and by its light they discoveredthat they were not a mile from the wagons.
the horses appeared to besensible of this, and went off at a quicker pace; and in a few minutesthey had rushed in among the cattle, and alexander and the major werereceived into the arms of swinton, and surrounded by the hottentots, whowere loud in their congratulations at their return.
as soon as alexander and the major had made known their perils andsufferings to swinton, the latter informed them that about three hoursafter they had left the caravan in pursuit of the cattle, the animalshad returned, that of course, he had fully expected them to follow.
finding that they did not arrive, he had decided upon remaining wherehe was, at all events, for another day; but that the cattle were by thattime so exhausted, that it was with difficulty they were moved, and hecould not proceed with them more than ten miles, when they lay down intheir yokes.
thirteen had died, and the others must have shared theirfate, if it had not been for the providential rain, which had restoredthem.
swinton stated that he had been in a great state of alarm for them, andthat he had almost satisfied himself that they had perished, although hehad used every means that he could think of.
when he fired the rocketsoff, he had scarcely a hope of thus bringing them back to the caravan.
"however," observed swinton, "it shows that we should never despair, andnever leave a chance untried, even in the most desperate circumstances.
you are back again, and i thank the almighty for it with all my heartand all my soul and all my strength, most fervently and most sincerely.
i have been very, very miserable, i can assure you, my dear fellows.
theidea of returning to the cape without you was dreadful.
indeed, i neverwould have left the country until i had found you, or had some clew toyour deaths."
"our preservation has indeed been miraculous," replied the major; "inever thought to have raised my head out of the ant-hill again."
"nor i," replied alexander; "and next to the almighty, we certainly oweour lives to little omrah.
there is nothing that i would not do for thatboy, if you will only give him over to my care."
"or mine, swinton," replied the major.
"depend upon it," replied swinton, "i will do all for him that ought tobe done; i owe him a debt of gratitude for preserving my friends, andwill not forget to repay it."
"well then, you must allow us to help him as well," replied the major.
"how far are we now from the modder river?"
"about forty miles, i should think, and we had better push on as fast aswe, can; for although the river will contain water, the pools in thedesert between us and the river will soon be dried up.
the cattle,however, are still very weak, and, as i have stated, we have lost allour relays.
but you must long to have a good night's rest, so go to yourwagons, and we will watch and keep off the wild beasts.
we have beenobliged to fire our guns all night long since your absence, and haveburned one of the spare poles of the wagons to cook our victuals."
every thing is comparative.
when our travelers first took up theirnight's lodgings in the wagons they found their resting-places hard,after sleeping in comfortable beds at cape town; but now, after havingpassed their nights in the wild desert, their mattresses in the wagonswere a luxury that was fully appreciated.
returning thanks to heaven fortheir preservation, alexander and the major slept soundly till morning,notwithstanding that the latter was often half roused by theimportunities of begum, who appeared delighted at the return of hermaster.
at daylight the oxen were yoked, and they proceeded on their journey.
there was no want of game; indeed they were so plentiful, that they shotthem from the caravan as they passed.
at night they had made twenty-fivemiles, and before they had unyoked, a deluge of rain again fell, andthey passed a very uncomfortable night, as it was very cold, and theycould light no fires, from want of fuel.
any thing, however, was betterthan the want of water; and early in the morning they again yoked theiroxen, and, after a hard day's toil, were rejoiced to perceive at adistance the trees which lined the banks of the modder river.
the sightwas hailed with joy by the hottentots, who shouted aloud; for theyconsidered their dangers and difficulties to be over, now that they wereapproaching to the boundaries of the colony.
as the cattle required some repose, after the sufferings they had gonethrough, our travelers resolved to remain a few days on the banks of themodder river.
the pasturage was fine and the game abundant.
gnoos andspringboks were to be seen in every direction, and quaggas, bonteboks,and several other varieties of antelopes, were in profusion over the nowundulating country.
neither were our travelers sorry to have some reposefor themselves, although every mile that they drew nearer to the capemade them more anxious to return.
as usual, the caravan was halted on a rising ground, at some distancefrom the river, to avoid the wild beasts, which during the day wereconcealed, and during the night prowled on its banks, to spring upon theanimals which came down for water.
as there was now plenty of wood, thefires were again lighted at night, and the oxen driven in and tied up.
during the day, the animals reveled on the luxurious pasture, and in aweek had become quite sleek and in good condition.
every day our travelers went out to hunt for a supply of provisions, andnever returned without more than was sufficient.
swinton was anxious topossess one or two more specimens of the oryx, or gemsbok.
thisantelope, we have before observed, from having very straight horns,which at a distance appear as one, has given rise to the fabulous animalthe unicorn, which is now one of the supporters of the royal arms.
it isa very formidable animal; being the one that our travelers found withits horns pierced through the lion which had attacked it.
the horsesbeing now fresh and in good heart, alexander and the major went inpursuit of this animal very often, but without success, as the chase wascontinually interrupted by the herds of ostriches and other game whichfell in their way.
one morning, having discovered with the telescope that three of thesegemsbok were some miles distant on a rising ground, they set off,accompanied by a portion of the hottentots on foot, who were desired togo round, so as to drive the animals toward the camp.
bremen and bigadam were of the party, and they had made a circuit of three or fourmiles, so as to get on the other side of the game, which now darted downfrom the high ground, and, descending on the plain, stopped for a whilelooking at their pursuers, while the horsemen advanced toward them inthe opposite direction.
a shot from alexander at last brought one ofthese splendid animals to the ground, while the others fled off to adistance, so as to give no hopes of again coming up with them; and theparty on foot, as well as the horsemen, now proceeded to the spot wherethe gemsbok lay dead.
as swinton wanted the animal for a specimen, it was placed on the backof the horse which omrah rode as usual, and one of the hottentots wentoff with it to the camp, which was not more than three miles distant.
they were debating whether they should make an attempt to get near tothe other gemsbok, which were still in sight at a distance, or try forsome other game, when they perceived three lions not far from them on arising ground; and suddenly the horses, from which they had dismountedto give them time to recover their wind, broke loose from the hottentotswho held the bridles, and galloped away toward the camp.
the cause ofthe panic was now evident, for a very large male lion had detachedhimself from the other two, and was advancing slowly toward the party.
as soon as they perceived the approach of the lion, which they had notat first, they all seized their guns; but being wholly unprepared forsuch a sudden attack, there was a great deal of confusion; the majorcrying out, "let no one fire till i tell him," only produced more alarmamong the hottentots, all of whom, except bremen, appeared to be attheir wits' ends.
when within fifty yards, the lion made one or twobounds, and in a moment was among them all, before they could bringtheir guns to their shoulders; the retreat was general in everydirection, and not a shot was fired.
all, however, did not escape; big adam had started back, and coming withall his force against omrah, who was standing behind him, had fallenover the boy, and they were both flat on their backs, when the lionmade his spring.
the lion was standing up, looking proudly at his flyingenemies, when big adam, who was close to him, attempted to rise and gainhis feet; but perceiving this, the animal, with a blow of its fore-paw,laid him prostrate again, set its foot upon his breast, and in thisattitude again looked proudly round him, as if confident of hissuperiority.
omrah, who had sense enough to lie still, had yet his eyes sufficientlyopened to see what was going on; and as the lion appeared to be lookingat the scattered party, in a direction away from him, omrah made one ortwo turns over, so as to get further off, hoping that he might escapeunperceived.
the lion, however, heard the rustling, and turning roundgrowled at him, and omrah remained still again.
as big adam's feet wereturned toward omrah, the lion now took up his position, deliberatelylying down at full length upon big adam's body, with his hind-quartersupon the hottentot's face, so that he not only secured his prisoner, butwatched omrah, who lay about three yards from him.
in the mean time the anxiety of the other party may be imagined; theyconsidered that big adam and omrah must be sacrificed.
it was proposedto fire with good aim, so as, if possible, to bring the animal'sattention and indignation upon themselves; but swinton cried out not tofire on any account.
"the animal is not hungry or even angry," saidswinton.
"if let alone, he will probably walk away without doing theminjury.
at all events, our firing will be the signal for theirdestruction."
the advice of swinton was considered good, especially as it was backedby that of bremen, who also said that the lion was not hungry, and that,by the way in which he, moved his tail, he was evidently more inclinedto play than any thing else.
but in the mean time the pressure of the lion, whose weight wasenormous, was not only more than big adam could bear, but thehind-quarters of the animal being over his face prevented him frombreathing; and at last he was compelled to struggle to get his headclear.
the consequence of his struggling was a severe bite on the leg,inflicted on poor adam; not, however, in a furious manner; for the lionmerely caught at him as a cat would at a mouse, to prevent its escape,or because it was not quite dead.
however, big adam had so fardisengaged his head that he could now breathe; and as the party keptcrying out to him to lie still, he continued so to do, although nearlysuffocated with the enormous weight of the animal.
omrah, who had remained still during all this time, perceiving that thelion was licking the blood which flowed from the wound in big adam'sleg, thought that he might as well try another roll over, and being onhis back, he turned over on his face away from the lion.
thereupon thelion rose from off big adam, walked up to omrah, and, to the horror ofour travelers, took up the boy by his waistcloth, and, carrying him likea small bundle in his mouth, went back to big adam, and laying omrahclose down to the hottentot's head, again took up his position on hisbody; now, however, with his paws upon the hottentot's breast, so thathe might keep omrah in view before him.
little omrah had sense enoughnot to move during the time that the lion carried him, or after he waslaid down.
the change in the position of the lion occasioned our travelers and theparty to walk round, so as to be able to watch the countenance of theanimal, as every thing depended upon the temper he might be in.
themajor and alexander became very impatient, and were for advancing to theattack, but swinton persuaded them not to do so until the last moment.
the lion now put its fore-paw upon the hottentot's mouth, and againstopped his breath; this occasioned another struggle on the part of bigadam, which was followed by the animal seizing him by the arm and bitinghim severely; but in so doing the lion removed its paw, and the mancould breathe again.
the taste of blood appeared pleasant to the lion,for it continued biting the arm, descending from the shoulder to thehand, and as the blood flowed from the wounds on its paws, the lionlicked it off.
again and again it licked its paw clean, and then, withits glaring eyes fixed intently upon the hottentot's face, it smelt himfirst on one side and then on the other, and appeared only to be waitingfor a return of appetite to commence a deliberate meal upon the poorfellow's body.
in the mean time our travelers were standing about seventy yardsdistant, waiting for the signal to attack, when bremen observed toswinton--"he won't wait much longer, sir; the blood has given him an appetite.
wemust now drive him away, or they will both be killed."
"i think so too," replied swinton; "let us first try if we can disturbhim without making him angry; that will be the best way.
we must go backout of springing distance, and then all shout together, and keephallooing at him."
this advice was followed; they retreated a hundred yards, and then allshouted at once, and after that the hottentots hallooed and bawled tothe lion.
this had the effect intended: the lion rose from the bodiesand advanced toward the party, who stood still hallooing at him, but notattempting to irritate him by presenting their guns.
the lion lookedsteadfastly at them for some time, and then turned away.
afterretreating a few steps, it turned back to face them; the whole partycontinued on the same spot, neither advancing so as to irritate him, norretreating so as to let the animal suppose that they were afraid of him.
when the lion had continued for a few minutes this course of retreatingand advancing, he turned right round, and went away at a hand canter,and our travelers immediately hastened to the spot where big adam andomrah were still lying.
omrah, who was not at all hurt, instantly jumped on his legs, and, if hehad been afraid, appeared to have quite recovered his courage, as he cutall manner of capers, and laughed immoderately; but big adam was greatlyexhausted and could not move, as much from the immense pressure of thelion's enormous body, as from the blood that he had lost by the woundswhich he had received.
on examination, the bite in his leg was found tobe much the most serious, as the bone was injured; the wounds on his armwere all flesh-wounds, and although very painful, were not dangerous.
he was at present unable to speak, and was carried by his comrades tothe camp.
our travelers followed the hottentots, as they all had enoughof hunting for that day.
as soon as they arrived, big adam's wounds weredressed by swinton, and the poor fellow was accommodated with a bed,made up for him in the baggage-wagon.
they remained two days more on thebanks of the modder river, and then they forded it and continued theirjourney.
on the second day they perceived some small human figures on the summitof a hill at some distance, which the hottentots declared to be bushmen,of which people there were numerous hordes in this part of the country.
an attempt was made to open a communication with them, but in vain, aswhen any of the party advanced on horseback toward them, the bushmenmade a precipitate retreat.
as they were now in the neighborhood ofthese plunderers, every care was taken of the cattle, which were tied upbefore dark to prevent their being stolen.
on the following day they very unexpectedly fell in with a party of nineof the bushmen, who were very busy devouring a quagga, which they hadkilled.
they replied to questions put to them with much fear andtrembling, and, having been presented with some tobacco, they made aprecipitate retreat.
on that night the fires of the bushmen were to beseen on several of the surrounding hills.
they continued their course onthe following day, when they fell in with about twenty women of the racewe have just mentioned, who approached the caravan without fear,requesting tobacco and food; the former was given to them in smallquantities, and a shot from the major's rifle soon procured them thelatter.
they were now without water again, and had no chance ofprocuring any, except from the pools, until they arrived at the nugariep, or black river, which they had crossed when they came out fromthe caffre land.
having traveled till dark, they halted under a hill, and were soonafterward joined by a party of bushwomen, who continued with them inspite of all their attempts to get rid of them.
they were very small inperson, well made, and the young were rather pretty in their features,but their ornaments were enough to disgust any one but a hottentot; forthey were smeared with grease and red ocher, and were adorned with theentrails of animals as necklaces.
the hottentots, however, appeared tothink this very delightful, and were pleased with their company, and asthe women showed them a pool of water, where the oxen could drink, itwas not considered advisable to drive them away.
but swinton observed,that it would be necessary to keep a very sharp lookout, as the womenwere invariably sent by the bushmen as spies, that they might watch theopportunity for stealing cattle.
they now resumed their former plan; starting at a very early hour, andtraveling till afternoon, when the cattle were allowed several hours tofeed, and were then tied up for the night to the wagons.
indeed thelions were now not so numerous as they had been, and they had more tofear from the bushmen and the hyenas, which were very plentiful.
the next day fully proved the truth of this, for the oxen, having beenunyoked as usual to feed, about two o'clock in the afternoon, had beenled to a hollow of luxuriant pasture by the cattle-keepers, where theycould not be seen from the caravan, although they were not half a mileoff.
toward dusk, when it was time to drive them in and tie them up tothe wagons, it was found that the cattle-keepers, who had been incompany with the bushwomen, had neglected their charge, and they werenot to be found.
the keepers came running in, stating that a lion had scared the cattle,and that the animals had galloped off to a great distance.
but omrah,who had gone to where the cattle had been feeding, returned to the campand told swinton that it was not lions but bushmen who had stolen them;and, bringing the horses ready saddled to the major and alexander, said,that if they did not follow them immediately, the cattle would be allkilled.
it was also observed that the bushwomen had all disappeared.
swinton, who was well aware of the customs of the bushmen, immediatelyproposed that they should mount as many as they could, and go in chase,as there was not an hour to be lost.
in half an hour a party, consistingof our three travelers, bremen, omrah, and three of the most trusty ofthe hottentots, who were all that they could mount, set off in thedirection which they knew must have been taken, so as to conceal thecattle from the sight of those in the caravan; and it being a finemoonlight night, the keen eyes of omrah tracked them for more than fivemiles, where they were at fault, as the traces of their hoofs were nolonger to be seen.
"what shall we do now?"
said the major.
"we must trust to omrah," replied swinton, "he knows the habits of hispeople well, and they will not deceive him."
omrah, who had been very busy kneeling on the ground, and striking alight every now and then with a flint and steel, to ascertain the trackmore distinctly, now came up and made them comprehend that the bushmenhad turned back upon the very track they had gone upon, and that theymust return and find where they diverged from it again.
this created considerable delay, as they had to walk the horses back formore than a mile, when they again found the footing of the cattlediverging from the track to the southward and eastward, in the directionof some hills.
they now made all the haste that they could, and proceeded so rapidly onthe track, that in about an hour they perceived the whole herd of oxendriven up the side of a hill by a party of bushmen.
they put spurs totheir horses and galloped as fast as they could in pursuit, and sooncame up with them; when a discharge of rifles left three bushmen on theground and put all the rest to flight.
the cattle, which were muchfrightened, were with some difficulty turned and driven back toward theencampment.
in the mean time the disappointed bushmen had turned uponthose near, and were letting fly their arrows from the bushes where theywere concealed and continued thus to assail them until the party arrivedat the open plain.
one of the hottentots was wounded by an arrow in theneck; but that was the only accident which occurred to any of the party,and this was not known to our travelers until after their arrival atthe encampment, when it was almost daybreak; and then, tired with thefatigues of the night, all were glad to obtain a few hours' rest.
when they rose the next morning, swanevelt informed them that nine ofthe oxen were so wounded with the poisoned arrows of the bushmen, thatthey could not live; and also, that piets the hottentot had been badlywounded in the neck with one of the arrows.
swinton immediately orderedthe man to be brought to him, as he was well aware of the fatal effectsof a wound from a bushman's arrow.
it appeared that piets had pulled the arrow out of his neck, but thatsome pieces of the barb had remained in the wound, and that these hiscompanions had been extracting with their knives, and the wound was verymuch inflamed in consequence.
swinton immediately cut out as much of theaffected part as he could, applied ammonia to the wound, and gave himlaudanum to mitigate the pain, which was very acute; but the poor fellowlay groaning during the whole of the day.
they now examined the wounded oxen, which were already so swollen withthe poison that there were no hopes of saving them, and they wereimmediately put out of their pain.
several others were found slightlyhurt, but not so as to lose all hopes of their recovery; but thisunfortunate circumstance prevented them from continuing their journeyfor two days; as the whole of the oxen had been much harassed and cut bythe bushmen, although not wounded by poisoned arrows.
during this delay,the poor hottentot became hourly worse; his head and throat were muchswollen, and he said that he felt the poison working within him.
after many hours of suffering, during which swellings appeared invarious parts of his body, the poor fellow breathed his last; and thenext day being sunday, they remained as usual, and the body of theunfortunate man was consigned to a grave.
this event threw a cloud overthe whole caravan, and whenever any of the bushwomen made theirappearance at a distance, and made signs that they wished to come intothe camp, an angry bullet was sent instantly over their heads, whichmade them take to their heels.
on the monday morning they again started with their reduced trains, fornow they had barely sufficient cattle to drag the wagons.
fortunatelythey were but a few miles from the nu gariep, and they arrived at itsbanks before evening.
the next day they crossed it with difficulty,putting all the oxen to two of the wagons and then returning for theothers.
they were now once more in the colony, and their dangers anddifficulties were now to be considered over.
it was not, however, till aweek afterward that they succeeded in crossing the sweenberg andarriving at graff reynet.
at this beautiful spot they remained for a fewdays, to make arrangements and to procure horses, that they mightproceed to cape town as fast as possible, leaving bremen in charge ofthe wagons, which he was to bring down to them as soon as he could.
weshall pass over the remainder of their journey on horseback, as therewas nothing remarkable to be related.
suffice it to say, that on the11th of january, 1830, they arrived safe and sound at cape town, andwere warmly congratulated by mr. fairburn and their many friends, afterall the dangers and difficulties which they had encountered.
alexander wilmot again took possession of the apartments in mr.fairburn's house, and was not sorry once more to find himself surroundedby all the comforts and luxuries of civilization.
he could scarcelybelieve where he was when he woke up the first morning, and found thathe had slept the whole night without being disturbed by the roar of alion or the cries of the hyena and jackal: and after the habit to whichhe had been so long accustomed, of eating his meals in the open air withhis plate on his knees, he could hardly reconcile himself for a few daysto a well laid-out table.
the evenings were passed in narrating theiradventures to mr. fairburn, who was truly glad of the result of themission to port natal, as it would be so satisfactory to old sircharles.
alexander was now most anxious to return to england, and resolved totake his passage in the first ship which sailed after the arrival of thewagon with his effects.
in the mean time his mornings were chieflypassed with swinton and the major, the latter of whom intended to go toengland by the same vessel as alexander.
in three weeks after theirreturn to the cape, the four wagons arrived, and excited much curiosity,as they were filled with every variety of the animal kingdom which wasindigenous to the country.
swinton's treasures were soon unloaded andconveyed to his house, and our naturalist was as happy as anenthusiastic person could be in the occupation that they gave him.
alexander only selected a few things, among which were the skins of thelion and lioness.
as for the major, he had had all his pleasure in thedestruction of the animals.
bremen reported that all the hottentots had behaved very well, and thatbig adam had nearly recovered, and was able to limp about a little,although it would be a long while before he would regain the perfect useof his leg.
alexander now sent for them all, and paid them their wages,with an extra sum as a gratuity for their good conduct.
to bremen andswanevelt, who had invariably conducted themselves faithfully, and whohad been the leading and most trustworthy men, he gave to each a wagonand span of ten oxen as a present by which they might in future obtaintheir livelihood, and the poor fellows considered themselves as rich asthe king of england.
the other wagons and cattle of every descriptionwere left with swinton to be disposed of.
the major pressed swinton very hard to part with little omrah, butswinton would not consent.
the major therefore presented omrah with oneof his best rifles, and accouterments to correspond, as a mark of hisattachment; and alexander desired that all the money which was realizedby the sale of the remaining wagons and other articles, as well as thecattle and horses, should be put by for omrah's benefit.
as a keepsake,alexander gave the lad his telescope, with which he knew that would behighly pleased.
we may here as well observe, that, a few months after alexander and themajor left the cape, omrah, who had been placed at a school by swinton,was admitted into the church, and baptized by the name of alexanderhenderson omrah; alexander and the major being his sponsors by proxies.
he turned out a very clever scholar, and remains with swinton at thismoment.
he has more than once accompanied him into the interior, and hasdone much in reclaiming his countrymen, the bushmen, from their savageway of life, and has been of great service to the missionaries asinterpreter of the word to his heathen brethren.
about a fortnight after the return of the wagons to cape town, a freetrader cast anchor in table bay to take in water, and alexander and themajor secured a passage in her to england.
alexander parted with greatregret from mr. fairburn and swinton, with whom he promised tocorrespond, and they sailed with a fair wind for st. helena, where theyremained for a few days, and took that opportunity of visiting the tombof napoleon, the former emperor of the french.
a seven weeks' passagebrought them into the channel-and they once more beheld the white cliffsof england.
alexander's impatience to see his uncle, from whom he had found a letterwaiting for him on his return to the cape, stating that he was intolerable health, induced him to leave the ship in a pilot-boat, andland at falmouth.
taking leave for a time of the major, who preferredgoing on to portsmouth, alexander traveled with all possible speed, andon the second day arrived at his uncle's.
"is my uncle quite well!"
said alexander, as he leaped out of thechaise, to the old butler who was at the door.
"no sir, not quite well: he has been in bed for this last week, butthere is nothing serious the matter, i believe."
alexander hastened up stairs and was once more in the arms of sircharles wilmot, who embraced him warmly, and then, exhausted with theemotion, sank back on his pillow.
"leave me for a little while, my dear boy, till i recover myself alittle," said sir charles.
"i have no complaint, but i am very weak andfeeble.
i will send for you very soon."
alexander, who was himself much affected, was not sorry to withdraw fora while, and sent the housekeeper, who attended his aged relative, intothe room.
in about an hour a message arrived requesting that he wouldreturn to his uncle.
"and now, my dear, kind boy, tell me every thing.
i am indeed overjoyedto see you back again; i have not had one line from you since you leftthe cape, and i really think that the worry and anxiety that i have felthave been the cause of my taking to my bed.
now you are back i shall bequite well again.
now tell me all, and i will not interrupt you."
alexander sat down on the bed, and entered into a full detail of theresults of his expedition to port natal; reading over all the memorandawhich they had collected, and satisfactorily proving that thedescendants of the europeans then existing could not by any possibilitybe from those who had been lost in the _grosvenor_ east indiaman.
sir charles wilmot listened in silence to all alexander had to say, andthen, joining his hands above the bed-clothes, exclaimed, "graciouslord, i thank thee that this weight has been removed from my mind."
hethen for some minutes prayed in silence, and when he had finished, herequested alexander to leave him till the evening.
the physician having called shortly after alexander left his uncle,alexander requested his opinion as to sir charles's state of health.
theformer replied--"he has but one complaint, my dear sir, which all theremedies in the world are not very likely to remove: it is the naturaldecay of nature, arising from old age, i do not consider that he is inany immediate danger of dissolution.
i think it very likely that he maynever rise from his bed again; but, at the same time, he may remainbedridden for months.
he sinks very gradually, for he has had naturallya very strong constitution, i believe the anxiety of his mind, arisingfrom your absence, and the blame he laid on himself for having allowedyou to undertake your expedition, have worn him more than any thingelse; but now that you have returned, i have no doubt, after the firstexcitement is over, that he will rally.
still man is born to die, mr.wilmot, and your uncle has already lived beyond the three-score yearsand ten allotted to the average age of man.
depend upon it, every thingshall be done which can protract a life so dear to you."
alexander thanked the physician, and the latter then went up stairs tosir charles.
on his return, he informed alexander that sir charles'spulse was stronger, but something must be allowed for the excitementwhich he had undergone.
when alexander saw his uncle in the evening, the latter again thankedhim for having undertaken the expedition, and having brought back suchsatisfactory accounts.
"i am much your debtor, my dear boy," said he; "and if it is anysatisfaction to you (which i am sure it must be from your kind heart) toknow that you have smoothed the death-bed of one who loves you, you haveyour reward.
i feel quite strong now; and if it will not be too muchtrouble, i should like you to give me a narrative of the wholeexpedition; not all at once, but a little now and then.
you shall beginnow, and mind you enter into every little detail,--every thing willinterest me."
alexander commenced his narrative, as his uncle requested, stating tohim how they were fitted out; the names of all the people; describingswinton and the major, and giving a much closer narrative of what passedthan we have done in these pages.
after an hour or so, during whichalexander had not got so far in his narrative as to have quitted thecape for algoa bay, he left off, that he might not weary his uncle, andwished him good-night.
for many weeks did the narrative, and the conversation produced by it,serve to amuse and interest the old gentleman, who still remained in hisbed.
but long before it was finished, major henderson had arrived atthe hall, and had been introduced to sir charles, who was much pleasedwith him, and requested him to remain as long as he found it agreeable.
the major, at alexander's request, had the lion and lioness set up inleadbeater's best style, and the case had now arrived at the hall, andwas brought up into sir charles's room, that he might have some idea ofthe animals with which they had had to contend; and there it remained,for the old gentleman would not allow it to be taken away.
"i must send out a present to that little omrah," said sir charles, onemorning, as he was conversing with the major; "what shall it be?"
"well, sir, i hardly know; but i think the best present for him would bea watch."
"then, major, order one of the best gold watches that can be made, whenyou go to town, and send it out to him; and, major,--i am sorry to giveyou that trouble, but i am an old bedridden man, and that must be myexcuse,--take the keys from the dressing-table, and open the smalldrawer of that cabinet, and you will find two morocco cases in it, whichi will thank you to bring to me."
the major did so, and sir charles, raising himself on his pillow, openedthe cases, which contained each a massive ring, in which was set adiamond of great value.
"these two rings were presented me by eastern princes, major, at thetime that i was resident in their country.
there is little difference intheir value, but you would find it difficult to match the stones, evenin england.
i will shut the cases up again, and now that i have shutthem up in my hands, take one out for me.
thank you, major; that one isa present from me to our friend swinton, and you must send it out to himwith the watch for the bush-boy.
the other, major, i hope you will notrefuse to accept as a testimony of my gratitude to you, for havingaccompanied my dear boy on his expedition."
sir charles put the other case into the major's hands.
"i certainly will not refuse any thing as a remembrance from you, sircharles," replied the major; "i accept your splendid present with manythanks, and so will swinton, i am certain; but he will be more pleasedwith the kind attention than he will be with its great value; and itrust you will believe me when i add that such is also my own feeling."
"i only hope you may have both as much pleasure in receiving as i havein giving them," replied sir charles; "so put them in your pocket andsay no more about them.
there is alexander coming up, i know his tread;i hope you do not mean to desert him now that the shooting season iscoming on; he will be very lonely, poor fellow, without you."
"i have good news, my dear uncle," said alexander, as he entered;"swinton is coming home; i have a letter from him, and he will be here,he trusts, a fortnight after his letter."
"i shall be most happy to shake hands with him," said sir charles.
"praywrite for him to come down immediately he arrives."
three weeks after this announcement swinton made his appearance, and wehardly need say was most warmly welcomed.
omrah he would not bring withhim, as he wished him to continue his education; but the major declaredthat he had left the boy because he was afraid of his being taken fromhim.
our travelers were thus all reunited, and they agreed amongthemselves that it was quite as comfortable at the hall as it was at thebechuana country; and that if the sporting was not quite so exciting, atall events it was not quite so dangerous.
swinton and the major remained with alexander till the opening of thenext year, and then they both left at the same time, and sailed in thesame ship; the major to rejoin his regiment in india, swinton to hisfavorite locality in africa, to obtain some more specimens in naturalhistory.
as the physician had declared, sir charles never rose from his bedagain; but he sunk so gradually that it was almost imperceptible, and itwas not until the summer of that year that he slept with his fathers,dying without pain, and in perfect possession of his senses.
alexander now came into possession of the estates and title, andcertainly he entered upon them without any reproach as to his conducttoward his uncle, who died blessing him.
and now my tale is ended, and iwish my young readers farewell.
