the circumstances which i am about to relate to my juvenile readers tookplace in the year 1647.  by referring to the history of england of thatdate they will find that king charles the first, against whom thecommons of england had rebelled, after a civil war of nearly five years,had been defeated, and was confined as a prisoner at hampton court.
thecavaliers, or the party who fought for king charles, had all beendispersed, and the parliamentary army under the command of cromwell werebeginning to control the commons.
it was in the month of november in this year that king charles,accompanied by sir john berkely ashburnham and legg, made his escapefrom hampton court, and rode as fast as the horses could carry themtowards that part of hampshire which led to the new forest.
the kingexpected that his friends had provided a vessel in which he might escapeto france; but in this he was disappointed.
there was no vessel ready,and after riding for some time along the shore he resolved to go totitchfield, a seat belonging to the earl of southampton.
after a longconsultation with those who attended him, he yielded to their advice,which was, to trust to colonel hammond, who was governor of the isle ofwight for the parliament, but who was supposed to be friendly to theking.
whatever might be the feelings of commiseration of colonelhammond towards a king so unfortunately situated, he was firm in hisduties towards his employers, and the consequence was that king charlesfound himself again a prisoner in carisbrook castle.
but we must now leave the king, and retrace history to the commencementof the civil war.
a short distance from the town of lymington, which isnot far from titchfield, where the king took shelter, but on the otherside of the southampton water, and south of the new forest, to which itadjoins, was a property called arnwood, which belonged to a cavalier ofthe name of beverley.
it was at that time a property of considerablevalue, being very extensive, and the park ornamented with valuabletimber; for it abutted on the new forest, and might have been supposedto have been a continuation of it.
this colonel beverley, as we mustcall him, for he rose to that rank in the king's army, was a valuedfriend and companion of prince rupert's, and commanded several troops ofcavalry.
he was ever at his side in the brilliant charges made by thisgallant prince, and at last fell in his arms at the battle of naseby.
colonel beverley had married into the family of the villiers, and theissue of his marriage was two sons and two daughters; but his zeal andsense of duty had induced him, at the commencement of the war, to leavehis wife and family at arnwood, and he was fated never to meet themagain.
the news of his death had such an effect upon mrs beverley,already worn with anxiety on her husband's account, that a few monthsafterwards she followed him to an early tomb, leaving the four childrenunder the charge of an elderly relative till such time as the family ofthe villiers could protect them; but, as will appear by our history,this was not at that period possible.
the life of a king and many otherlives were in jeopardy, and the orphans remained at arnwood, still underthe care of their elderly relation, at the time that our historycommences.
the new forest, my readers are perhaps aware, was first enclosed bywilliam the conqueror as a royal forest for his own amusement, for inthose days most crowned heads were passionately fond of the chase; andthey may also recollect that his successor, william rufus, met his deathin this forest by the glancing of an arrow shot by sir walter tyrrell.
since that time to the present day it has continued a royal domain.
atthe period of which we are writing it had an establishment of verderersand keepers, paid by the crown, amounting to some forty or fifty men.
at the commencement of the civil war they remained at their posts, butsoon found, in the disorganised state of the country, that their wageswere no longer to be obtained; and then, when the king had decided uponraising an army, beverley, who held a superior office in the forest,enrolled all the young and athletic men who were employed in the forest,and marched them away with him to join the king's army.
some fewremained, their age not rendering their services of value, and amongthem was an old and attached servant of beverley's, a man above sixtyyears of age, whose name was jacob armitage, and who had obtained thesituation through colonel beverley's interest.
those who remained inthe forest lived in cottages many miles asunder, and indemnifiedthemselves for the non-payment of their salaries by killing the deer forsale and for their own subsistence.
the cottage of jacob armitage was situated on the skirts of the newforest, about a mile and a half from the mansion of arnwood; and whencolonel beverley went to join the king's troops, feeling how littlesecurity there would be for his wife and children in those troubledtimes, he requested the old man, by his attachment to the family, not tolose sight of arnwood, but to call there as often as possible to see ifhe could be of service to mrs beverley.
the colonel would havepersuaded jacob to have altogether taken up his residence at themansion; but to this the old man objected.
he had been all his lifeunder the greenwood tree, and could not bear to leave the forest.
hepromised the colonel that he would watch over his family, and ever be athand when required; and he kept his word.
the death of colonel beverleywas a heavy blow to the old forester, and he watched over mrs beverleyand the orphans with the greatest solicitude; but when mrs beverleyfollowed her husband to the tomb he then redoubled his attentions, andwas seldom more than a few hours at a time away from the mansion.
thetwo boys were his inseparable companions, and he instructed them, youngas they were, in all the secrets of his own calling.
such was the stateof affairs at the time that king charles made his escape from hamptoncourt; and i now shall resume my narrative from where it was broken off.
as soon as the escape of charles the first was made known to cromwelland the parliament, troops of horse were despatched in every directionto the southward, towards which the prints of the horses' hoofs provedthat he had gone.
as they found that he had proceeded in the directionof the new forest, the troops were subdivided and ordered to scour theforest, in parties of twelve to twenty, while others hastened down tosouthampton, lymington, and every other seaport or part of the coastfrom which the king might be likely to embark.
old jacob had been atarnwood on the day before, but on this day he had made up his mind toprocure some venison, that he might not go there again empty-handed; formiss judith villiers was very partial to venison, and was not slow toremind jacob if the larder was for many days deficient in that meat.
jacob had gone out accordingly; he had gained his leeward position of afine buck, and was gradually nearing him by stealth, now behind a hugeoak-tree, and then crawling through the high fern, so as to get withinshot unperceived, when on a sudden the animal, which had been quietlyfeeding, bounded away and disappeared in the thicket.
at the same timejacob perceived a small body of horse galloping through the glen inwhich the buck had been feeding.
jacob had never yet seen theparliamentary troops, for they had not during the war been sent intothat part of the country, but their iron skull-caps, their buffaccoutrements, and dark habiliments, assured him that such these mustbe; so very different were they from the gaily-equipped cavalier cavalrycommanded by prince rupert.
at the time that they advanced, jacob hadbeen lying down in the fern near to some low black-thorn-bushes; notwishing to be perceived by them, he drew back between the bushes,intending to remain concealed until they should gallop out of sight; forjacob thought, "i am a king's forester, and they may consider me as anenemy; and who knows how i may be treated by them?"
but jacob wasdisappointed in his expectations of the troops riding past him; on thecontrary, as soon as they arrived at an oak-tree within twenty yards ofwhere he was concealed, the order was given to halt and dismount; thesabres of the horsemen clattered in their iron sheaths as the order wasobeyed, and the old man expected to be immediately discovered; but oneof the thorn-bushes was directly between him and the troopers, andeffectually concealed him.
at last jacob ventured to raise his head andpeep through the bush; and he perceived that the men were loosening thegirths of their black horses, or wiping away the perspiration from theirsides with handfuls of fern.
a powerfully-framed man, who appeared to command the others, wasstanding with his hand upon the arched neck of his steed, which appearedas fresh and vigorous as ever, although covered with foam andperspiration.
"spare not to rub down, my men," said he, "for we havetried the mettle of our horses, and have now but one half-hour'sbreathing-time.
we must be on, for the work of the lord must be done."
"they say that this forest is many miles in length and breadth,"observed another of the men, "and we may ride many a mile to no purpose;but here is james southwold, who once was living in it as a verderer;nay, i think that he said that he was born and bred in these woods.
wasit not so, james southwold?"
"it is even as you say," replied an active-looking young man; "i wasborn and bred in this forest, and my father was a verderer before me."
jacob armitage, who listened to the conversation, immediately recognisedthe young man in question.
he was one of those who had joined theking's army with the other verderers and keepers.
it pained him much toperceive that one who had always been considered a frank, true-heartedyoung man, and who left the forest to fight in defence of his king, wasnow turned a traitor, and had joined the ranks of the enemy; and jacobthought how much better it had been for james southwold if he had neverquitted the new forest, and had not been corrupted by evil company: "hewas a good lad," thought jacob, "and now he is a traitor and ahypocrite."
"if born and bred in this forest, james southwold," said the leader ofthe troop, "you must fain know all its mazes and paths.
now call tomind, are there no secret hiding-places in which people may remainconcealed; no thickets which may cover both man and horse?
peradventurethou mayst point out the very spot where this man charles may behidden."
"i do know one dell, within a mile of arnwood," replied james southwold,"which might cover double our troop from the eyes of the most wary."
"we will ride there, then," replied the leader.
"arnwood, sayest thou?
is not that the property of the malignant, cavalier beverley, who wasshot down at naseby?"
"even so," replied southwold; "and many is the time--that is, in theolden time, before i was regenerated--many is the day of revelry that ihave passed there; many the cup of good ale that i have quaffed."
"and thou shalt quaff it again," replied the leader.
"good ale was notintended only for malignants, but for those who serve diligently.
afterwe have examined the dell which thou speakest of, we will direct ourhorses' heads towards arnwood."
"who knows but what the man charles may be concealed in the malignant'shouse?"
"in the day, i should say no," replied the leader; "but in the night thecavaliers like to have a roof over their heads; and therefore at night,and not before, will we proceed thither."
"i have searched many of their abodes," observed another; "but search isalmost in vain.
what with their spring panels and secret doors, theirfalse ceilings and double walls, one may ferret for ever and findnothing."
"yes," replied the leader, "their abodes are full of these popishabominations; but there is one way which is sure; and if the man charlesbe concealed in any house, i venture to say that i will find him.
fireand smoke will bring him forth; and to every malignant's house withintwenty miles will i apply the torch; but it must be at night, for we arenot sure of his being housed during the day.
james southwold, thouknowest well the mansion of arnwood?"
"i know well my way to all the offices below--the buttery, the cellar,and the kitchen; but i cannot say that i have ever been into theapartments of the upper house."
"that it needeth not; if thou canst direct us to the lower entrance, itwill be sufficient."
"that can i, master ingram," replied southwold, "and to where the bestale used to be found."
"enough, southwold, enough; our work must be done, and diligently.
now,my men, tighten your girths; we will just ride to the dell: if itconceals not whom we seek, it shall conceal us till night, and then thecountry shall be lighted up with the flames of arnwood, while wesurround the house and prevent escape.
levellers, to horse!"
the troopers sprang upon their saddles, and went off at a hard trot,southwold leading the way.
jacob remained among the fern until theywere out of sight, and then rose up.
he looked for a short time in thedirection in which the troopers had gone, stooped down again to take uphis gun, and then said, "there's providence in this; yes, and there'sprovidence in my not having my dog with me, for he would not haveremained quiet for so long a time.
who would ever have thought thatjames southwold would have turned a traitor!
more than traitor, for heis now ready to bite the hand that has fed him, to burn the house thathas ever welcomed him.
this is a bad world, and i thank heaven that ihave lived in the woods.
but there is no time to lose;" and the oldforester threw his gun over his shoulder and hastened away in thedirection of his own cottage.
"and so the king has escaped," thought jacob, as he went along, "and hemay be in the forest!
who knows but he may be at arnwood, for he musthardly know where to go for shelter?
i must haste and see miss judithimmediately.
`levellers, to horse!'
the fellow said.
as perhaps my readers may ask the same question, they must know that alarge proportion of the parliamentary army had at this time assumed thename of levellers, in consequence of having taken up the opinion thatevery man should be on an equality, and property should be equallydivided.
the hatred of these people to any one above them in rank orproperty, especially towards those of the king's party, which mostlyconsisted of men of rank and property, was unbounded, and they weremerciless and cruel to the highest degree; throwing off much of hatfanatical bearing and language which had before distinguished thepuritans.
cromwell had great difficulty in eventually putting themdown, which he did at last accomplish by hanging and slaughtering many.
of this jacob knew nothing; all he knew was, that arnwood was to beburnt down that night, and that it would be necessary to remove thefamily.
as for obtaining assistance to oppose the troopers, that heknew to be impossible.
as he thought of what must take place, hethanked god for having allowed him to gain the knowledge of what was tohappen, and hastened on his way.
he had been about eight miles fromarnwood when he had concealed himself in the fern.
jacob first went tohis cottage to deposit his gun, saddled his forest pony, and set off forarnwood.
in less than two hours the old man was at the door of themansion; it was then about three o'clock in the afternoon, and being inthe month of november, there was not so much as two hours of daylightremaining.
"i shall have a difficult job with the stiff old lady,"thought jacob, as he rang the bell; "i don't believe that she would riseout of her high chair for old noll and his whole army at his back.
butwe shall see."
before jacob is admitted to the presence of miss judith villiers, wemust give some account of the establishment at arnwood.
with theexception of one male servant, who officiated in the house and stable ashis services might be required, every man of the household of colonelbeverley had followed the fortunes of their master, and as none hadreturned, they, in all probability, had shared his fate.
three femaleservants, with the man above mentioned, composed the whole household.
indeed, there was every reason for not increasing the establishment; forthe rents were either paid in part or not paid at all.
it was generallysupposed that the property, now that the parliament had gained the day,would be sequestrated, although such was not yet the case; and thetenants were unwilling to pay, to those who were not authorised toreceive, the rents which they might be again called upon to make good.
miss judith villiers, therefore, found it difficult to maintain thepresent household; and although she did not tell jacob armitage thatsuch was the case, the fact was, that very often the venison which hebrought to the mansion was all the meat that was in the larder.
thethree female servants held the offices of cook, attendant upon missvilliers, and housemaid; the children being under the care of noparticular servant, and left much to themselves.
there had been achaplain in the house, but he had quitted before the death of mrsbeverley, and the vacancy had not been filled up; indeed, it could notwell be, for the one who left had not received his salary for manymonths, and miss judith villiers, expecting every day to be summoned byher relations to bring the children and join them, sat in her high chairwaiting for the arrival of this summons, which, from the distractedstate of the times, had never come.
as we have before said, the orphans were four in number; the two eldestwere boys, and the youngest were girls.
edward, the eldest boy, wasbetween thirteen and fourteen years old; humphrey, the second, wastwelve; alice, eleven; and edith, eight.
as it is the history of theseyoung persons which we are about to narrate, we shall say little aboutthem at present, except that for many months they had been under littleor no restraint, and less attended to.
their companions were benjamin,the man who remained in the house, and old jacob armitage, who passedall the time he could spare with them.
benjamin was rather weak inintellect, and was a source of amusement rather than otherwise.
as forthe female servants, one was wholly occupied with her attendance on missjudith, who was very exacting, and had a high notion of her ownconsequence.
the other two had more than sufficient employment; as,when there is no money to pay with, everything must be done at home.
that, under such circumstances, the boys became boisterous and thelittle girls became romps, is not to be wondered at; but their havingbecome so was the cause of miss judith seldom admitting them into herroom.
it is true that they were sent for once a day, to ascertain ifthey were in the house or in existence, but soon dismissed and left totheir own resources.
such was the neglect to which these young orphanswere exposed.
it must, however, be admitted, that this very neglectmade them independent and bold, full of health from constant activity,and more fitted for the change which was so soon to take place.
"benjamin," said jacob, as the other came to the door, "i must speakwith the old lady."
"have you brought any venison, jacob?"
said benjamin, grinning; "else, ireckon, you'll not be over welcome."
"no, i have not; but it is an important business, so send agatha to herdirectly."
"i will; and i'll not say anything about the venison."
in a few minutes jacob was ushered up by agatha into miss judithvilliers's apartment.
the old lady was about fifty years of age, veryprim and starched, sitting in a high-backed chair, with her feet upon astool, and her hands crossed before her, her black mittens reposing uponher snow-white apron.
the old forester made his obeisance.
"you have important business with us, i am told," observed miss judith.
"most important, madam," replied jacob.
"in the first place, it isright that you should be informed that his majesty king charles hasescaped from hampton court."
"his majesty escaped!"
replied the lady.
"yes; and is supposed to be secreted somewhere in this neighbourhood.
his majesty is not in this house, madam, i presume?"
"jacob, his majesty is not in this house; if he were, i would suffer mytongue to be torn out sooner than i would confess it, even to you."
"but i have more for your private ear, madam."
"agatha, retire; and agatha, be mindful that you go downstairs, and donot remain outside the door."
agatha, with this injunction, bounced out of the room, slamming-to thedoor so as to make miss judith start from her seat.
exclaimed miss judith.
"now, jacob armitage, youmay proceed."
jacob then entered into the detail of what he had overheard thatmorning, when he fell in with the troopers, concluding with theinformation that the mansion would be burnt down that very night.
hethen pointed out the necessity of immediately abandoning the house, asit would be impossible to oppose the troopers.
"and where am i to go to, jacob?"
said miss judith calmly.
"i hardly know, madam; there is my cottage, it is but a poor place, andnot fit for one like you."
"so i should presume, jacob armitage; neither shall i accept your offer.
it would ill befit the dignity of a villiers to be frightened out ofher abode by a party of rude soldiers.
happen what will, i shall notstir from this--no, not even from this chair.
neither do i consider thedanger so great as you suppose.
let benjamin saddle, and be prepared toride over to lymington immediately.
i will give him a letter to themagistrate there, who will send us protection."
"but, madam, the children cannot remain here.
i will not leave themhere.
i promised the colonel--""will the children be in more danger than i shall be, jacob armitage?"
replied the old lady stiffly.
"they dare not ill-treat me--they mayforce the buttery and drink the ale--they may make merry with that andthe venison which you have brought with you, i presume; but they willhardly venture to insult a lady of the house of villiers."
"i fear they will venture anything, madam.
at all events, they willfrighten the children, and for one night they will be better in mycottage."
"well, then, be it so; take them to your cottage, and take martha toattend upon the miss beverleys.
go down now, and desire agatha to cometo me, and benjamin to saddle as fast as he can."
jacob left the room, satisfied with the permission to remove thechildren.
he knew that it was useless to argue with miss judith, whowas immovable when once she had declared her intentions.
he wasdebating in his own mind whether he should acquaint the servants withthe threatened danger; but he had no occasion to do so, for agatha hadremained at the door while jacob was communicating the intelligence, andas soon as he had arrived at that portion of it by which she learnt thatthe mansion was to be burnt down that night, had run off to the kitchento communicate the intelligence to the other servants.
"i'll not stay to be burnt to death," exclaimed the cook, as jacob camein.
"well, mr armitage, this is pretty news you have brought.
whatdoes my lady say?"
"she desires that benjamin saddles immediately, to carry a letter tolymington; and you, agatha, are to go upstairs to her."
"but what does she mean to do?
where are we to go?"
"miss judith intends to remain where she is."
"then she will remain alone for me," exclaimed the housemaid, who wasadmired by benjamin.
"it's bad enough to have little victuals and nowages; but as for being burnt to death--benjamin, put a pillion behindyour saddle, and i'll go to lymington with you.
i won't be long ingetting my bundle."
benjamin, who was in the kitchen with the maids at the time that jacobentered, made a sign significant of consent, and went away to thestable.
agatha went up to her mistress in a state of greatperturbation, and the cook also hurried away to her bedroom.
"they'll all leave her," thought jacob; "well, my duty is plain; i'llnot leave the children in the house."
jacob then went in search ofthem, and found them playing in the garden.
he called the two boys tohim, and told them to follow him.
"now, mr edward," said he, "you mustprove yourself your father's own son.
we must leave this houseimmediately; come up with me to your rooms, and help me to pack up yoursand your sisters' clothes, for we must go to my cottage this night.
there is no time to be lost."
"but why, jacob; i must know why?"
"because the parliamentary troopers will burn it down this night."
"burn it down!
why, the house is mine, is it not?
who dares to burndown this house?"
"they will dare it, and will do it."
"but we will fight them, jacob; we can bolt and bar; i can fire a gun,and hit too, as you know; then there's benjamin and you."
"and what can you and two men do against a troop of horse, my dear boy?
if we could defend the place against them, jacob armitage would be thefirst; but it is impossible, my dear boy.
recollect your sisters.
would you have them burnt to death, or shot by these wretches?
no, no,mr edward; you must do as i say, and lose no time.
let us pack up whatwill be most useful, and load white billy with the bundles; then youmust all come to the cottage with me, and we will make it out how wecan."
"that will be jolly!"
said humphrey; "come, edward."
but edward beverley required more persuasion to abandon the house; atlast old jacob prevailed, and the clothes were put up in bundles as fastas they could collect them.
"your aunt said martha was to go with your sisters, but i doubt if shewill," observed jacob, "and i think we shall have no room for her, forthe cottage is small enough."
"oh no, we don't want her," said humphrey; "alice always dresses edithand herself too, ever since mamma died."
"now we will carry down the bundles, and you make them fast on the ponywhile i go for your sisters."
"but where does aunt judith go?"
"she will not leave the house, master edward; she intends to stay andspeak to the troopers."
"and so an old woman like her remains to face the enemy, while i runaway from them!"
"i will not go."
"well, master edward," replied jacob, "you must do as you please; but itwill be cruel to leave your sisters here; they and humphrey must comewith me, and i cannot manage to get them to the cottage without you gowith us; it is not far, and you can return in a very short time."
to this edward consented.
the pony was soon loaded, and the littlegirls, who were still playing in the garden, were called in by humphrey.
they were told that they were going to pass the night in the cottage,and were delighted at the idea.
"now, master edward," said jacob, "will you take your sisters by thehand and lead them to the cottage?
here is the key of the door; masterhumphrey can lead the pony; and master edward," continued jacob, takinghim aside, "i'll tell you one thing which i will not mention before yourbrother and sisters: the troopers are all about the new forest, for kingcharles has escaped, and they are seeking for him.
you must not,therefore, leave your brother and sisters till i return.
lock thecottage-door as soon as it is dark.
you know where to get a light, overthe cupboard; and my gun is loaded, and hangs above the mantelpiece.
you must do your best, if they attempt to force an entrance; but aboveall, promise me not to leave them till i return.
i will remain here tosee what i can do with your aunt; and when i come back, we can thendecide how to act."
this latter ruse of jacob's succeeded.
edward promised that he wouldnot leave his sisters, and it wanted but a few minutes of twilight whenthe little party quitted the mansion of arnwood.
as they went out ofthe gates, they were passed by benjamin, who was trotting away withmartha behind him on a pillion, holding a bundle as large as herself.
not a word was exchanged, and benjamin and martha were soon out ofsight.
"why, where can martha be going?"
"will she be back when wecome home to-morrow?"
edward made no reply, but humphrey said, "well, she has taken plenty ofclothes in that huge bundle, for one night, at least."
jacob, as soon as he had seen the children on their way, returned to thekitchen, where he found agatha and the cook collecting their property,evidently bent upon a hasty retreat.
"have you seen miss judith, agatha?"
"yes; and she told me that she should remain, and that i should standbehind her chair, that she might receive the troopers with dignity; buti don't admire the plan.
they might leave her alone, but i am sure thatthey will be rude to me."
"when did benjamin say he would be back?"
"he don't intend coming back.
he said he would not, at all events, tillto-morrow morning, and then he would ride out this way, to ascertain ifthe report was false or true.
but martha has gone with him."
"i wish i could persuade the old lady to leave the house," said jacobthoughtfully.
"i fear they will not pay her the respect that shecalculates upon.
go up, agatha, and say i wish to speak with her."
"no, not i; i must be off, for it is dark already."
"and where are you going, then?"
"to gossip allwood's.
it's a good mile, and i have to carry my things."
"well, agatha, if you'll take me up to the old lady, i'll carry yourthings for you."
agatha consented, and as soon as she had taken up the lamp, for it wasnow quite dark, jacob was once more introduced.
"i wish, madam," said jacob, "you would be persuaded to leave the housefor this night."
"jacob armitage, leave this house i will not, if it were filled withtroopers; i have said so."
"but, madam--""no more, sir; you are too forward," replied the old lady haughtily.
"but, madam--""leave my presence, jacob armitage, and never appear again.
quit theroom, and send agatha here."
"she has left, madam, and so has the cook, and martha went away behindbenjamin; when i leave, you will be alone."
"they have dared to leave?"
"they dared not stay, madam."
"leave me, jacob armitage, and shut the door when you go out."
"obey me instantly," said the old lady; and theforester, finding all remonstrance useless, went out, and obeyed herlast commands by shutting the door after him.
jacob found agatha and the other maid in the courtyard; he took up theirpackages, and, as he promised, accompanied them to gossip allwood, whokept a small ale-house about a mile distant.
"but, mercy on us!
what will become of the children?"
said agatha, asthey walked along, her fears for herself having, up to this time, madeher utterly forgetful of them.
and martha has leftthem."
"yes, indeed; what will become of the dear babes?"
said the cook,half-crying.
now jacob, knowing that the children of such a malignant as colonelbeverley would have sorry treatment if discovered, and knowing also thatwomen were not always to be trusted, determined not to tell them howthey were disposed of.
he therefore replied:"who would hurt such young children as those?
no, no, they are safeenough; even the troopers would protect them."
"i should hope so," replied agatha.
"you may be sure of that; no man would hurt babies," replied jacob.
"the troopers will take them with them to lymington, i suppose.
i've nofear for them; it's the proud old lady whom they will be uncivil to."
the conversation here ended, and in due time they arrived at the inn.
jacob had just put the bundles down on the table when the clattering ofhorses' hoofs was heard.
shortly afterwards the troopers pulled theirhorses up at the door, and dismounted.
jacob recognised the party hehad met in the forest, and among them southwold.
the troopers calledfor ale, and remained some time in the house, talking and laughing withthe women, especially agatha, who was a very good-looking girl.
jacobwould have retreated quietly, but he found a sentinel posted at the doorto prevent the egress of any person.
he reseated himself, and while hewas listening to the conversation of the troopers, he was recognised bysouthwold, who accosted him.
jacob did not pretend not to know him, asit would have been useless; and southwold put many questions to him asto who were resident at arnwood.
jacob replied that the children werethere, and a few servants, and he was about to mention miss judithvilliers, when a thought struck him,--he might save the old lady.
"you are going to arnwood, i know," said jacob, "and i have heard whoyou are in search of.
well, southwold, i'll give you a hint.
i may bewrong; but if you should fall in with an old lady, or something likeone, when you go to arnwood, mount her on your crupper, and away withher to lymington as fast as you can ride.
you understand me."
southwold nodded significantly, and squeezed jacob's hand.
"one word, jacob armitage; if i succeed in the capture by your means, itis but fair that you should have something for your hint.
where can ifind you the day after to-morrow?"
"i am leaving the country this night, and go i must.
i am in trouble,that's the fact; when all is blown over, i will find you out.
don'tspeak to me any more just now."
southwold again squeezed jacob's hand,and left him.
shortly afterwards the order was given to mount, and thetroopers set off.
armitage followed slowly and unobserved.
they arrived at the mansionand surrounded it.
shortly afterwards he perceived the glare oftorches, and in a quarter of an hour more thick smoke rose up in thedark but clear sky; at last the flames burst forth from the lowerwindows of the mansion, and soon afterwards they lighted up the countryround to some distance.
"it is done," thought jacob, and he turned to bend his hasty stepstowards his own cottage, when he heard the galloping of a horse andviolent screams; a minute afterwards james southwold passed him with theold lady tied behind him, kicking and struggling as hard as she could.
jacob smiled, as he thought that he had by his little stratagem savedthe old woman's life, for that southwold imagined that she was kingcharles dressed up as an old woman was evident; and he then returned asfast as he could to the cottage.
in half an hour jacob had passed through the thick woods which werebetween the mansion and his own cottage, occasionally looking back, asthe flames of the mansion rose higher and higher, throwing their lightfar and wide.
he knocked at the cottage-door; smoker, a large dog,cross-bred between the fox and bloodhound, growled till jacob spoke tohim, and then edward opened the door.
"my sisters are in bed and fast asleep, jacob," said edward, "andhumphrey has been nodding this half-hour; had he not better go to bedbefore we go back?"
"come out, master edward,"--replied jacob, "and look."
edward beheldthe flames and fierce light between the trees, and was silent.
"i told you that it would be so, and you would all have been burnt inyour beds, for they did not enter the house to see who was in it, butfired it as soon as they had surrounded it."
"and my aunt!"
exclaimed edward, clasping his hands.
"is safe, master edward, and by this time at lymington."
"we will go to her to-morrow."
"i fear not; you must not risk so much, master edward.
these levellersspare nobody, and you had better let it be supposed that you are allburnt in the house."
"but my aunt knows the contrary, jacob."
"very true; i quite forgot that."
and so jacob had.
he expected thatthe old woman would have been burnt, and then nobody would have known ofthe existence of the children; he forgot when he planned to save her,that she knew where the children were.
"well, master edward, i will go to lymington to-morrow and see the oldlady; but you must remain here, and take charge of your sisters till icome back, and then we will consider what is to be done.
the flames arenot so bright as they were."
it is my house that these roundheads have burned down," saidedward, shaking his fist.
"it was your house, master edward, and it was your property; but howlong it will be so remains to be seen.
i fear it will be forfeited."
"woe to the people who dare take possession of it," cried edward; "ishall, if i live, be a man one of these days."
"yes, master edward, and then you will reflect more than you do now, andnot be rash.
let us go into the cottage, for it's no use remaining outin the cold; the frost is sharp to-night."
edward slowly followed jacob into the cottage.
his little heart wasfull.
he was a proud boy and a good boy, but the destruction of themansion had raised up evil thoughts in his heart--hatred to thecovenanters, who had killed his father and now burnt the property--revenge upon them (how, he knew not); but his hand was ready to strike,young as he was.
he lay down on the bed, but he could not sleep.
heturned and turned again, and his brain was teeming with thoughts andplans of vengeance.
had he said his prayers that night, he would havebeen obliged to repeat, "forgive us, as we forgive them who trespassagainst us."
at last he fell fast asleep, but his dreams were wild, andhe often called out during the night, and woke his brother and sisters.
the next morning, as soon as jacob had given the children theirbreakfast, he set off towards arnwood.
he knew that benjamin had statedhis intention to return with the horse and see what had taken place, andhe knew him well enough to feel sure that he would do so.
he thought itbetter to see him, if possible, and ascertain the fate of miss judith.
jacob arrived at the still smoking ruins of the mansion, and foundseveral people there, mostly residents within a few miles, someattracted by curiosity, others busy in collecting the heavy masses oflead which had been melted from the roof, and appropriating them totheir own benefit; but much of it was still too hot to be touched, andthey were throwing snow on it to cool it, for it had snowed during thenight.
at last jacob perceived benjamin on horseback riding leisurelytowards him, and immediately went up to him.
"well, benjamin, this is a woeful sight.
what is the news fromlymington?"
"lymington is full of troopers, and they are not over civil," repliedbenjamin.
"and the old lady--where is she?"
"ah, that's a sad business," replied benjamin, "and the poor children,too.
poor master edward!
he would have made a brave gentleman."
"but the old lady is safe," rejoined jacob.
"did you see her?"
"yes, i saw her; they thought she _was_ king charles--poor old soul."
"but they have found out their mistake by this time?"
"yes, and james southwold has found it out too," replied benjamin; "tothink of the old lady breaking his neck!"
"breaking his neck?
you don't say so!
how was it?"
"why, it seems that southwold thought that she was king charles dressedup as an old woman, so he seized her and strapped her fast behind him,and galloped away with her to lymington; but she struggled and kicked somanfully, that he could not hold on, and off they went together, and hebroke his neck."
"indeed!--a judgment--a judgment upon a traitor," said jacob.
"they were picked up, strapped together as they were, by the othertroopers, and carried to lymington."
"well, and where is the old lady, then?
did you see and speak to her?"
"i saw her, jacob, but i did not speak to her.
i forgot to say, thatwhen she broke southwold's neck, she broke her own too."
"then the old lady is dead?"
"yes, that she is," replied benjamin; "but who cares about her?
it'sthe poor children that i pity.
martha has been crying ever since."
"i don't wonder."
"i was at the `cavalier,' and the troopers were there, and they wereboasting of what they had done, and called it a righteous work.
i couldnot stand that, and i asked one of them if it were a righteous work toburn poor children in their beds?
so he turned round, and struck hissword upon the floor, and asked me whether i was one of them--`who areyou then?'
and i--all my courage went away, and i answered, i was a poorrat-catcher.
`a rat-catcher, are you?
well then, mr rat-catcher, whenyou are killing rats, if you find a nest of young ones, don't you killthem too?
or do you leave them to grow, and become mischievous,eh?'
--`i kill the young ones, of course,' replied i.
`well, so do wemalignants whenever we find them.'
i didn't say a word more, so i wentout of the house as fast as i could."
"have you heard anything about the king?"
"no, nothing; but the troopers are all out again, and, i hear, are goneto the forest."
"well, benjamin, good-bye; i shall be off from this part of thecountry--it's no use my staying here.
where's agatha and cook?"
"they came to lymington early this morning."
"wish them good-bye for me, benjamin."
"where are you going then?"
"i can't exactly say, but i think london way.
i only stayed here towatch over the children; and now that they are gone, i shall leavearnwood for ever."
jacob, who was anxious, on account of the intelligence he had receivedof the troopers being in the forest, to return to the cottage, shookhands with benjamin, and hastened away.
"well," thought jacob, as hewended his way, "i'm sorry for the poor old lady; but still, perhaps,it's all for the best.
who knows what they might do with thesechildren?--destroy the nest as well as the rats, indeed:--they must findthe nest first."
and the old forester continued his journey in deepthought.
we may here observe that, bloodthirsty as many of the levellers were, wedo not think that jacob armitage had grounds for the fears which heexpressed and felt that is to say, we believe that he might have madeknown the existence of the children to the villiers family, and thatthey would never have been harmed by anybody.
that by the burning ofthe mansion they might have perished in the flames, had they been inbed, as they would have been at that hour, had he not obtainedintelligence of what was about to be done, is true; but that there wasany danger to them on account of their father having been such a staunchsupporter of the king's cause, is very unlikely, and not borne out bythe history of the times; but the old forester thought otherwise; he hada hatred of the puritans, and their deeds had been so exaggerated byrumour that he fully believed that the lives of the children were notsafe.
under this conviction, and feeling himself bound by his promiseto colonel beverley to protect them, jacob resolved that they shouldlive with him in the forest, and be brought up as his own grandchildren.
he knew that there could be no better place for concealment; for,except the keepers, few people knew where his cottage was; and it was soout of the usual paths, and so embosomed in lofty trees, that there waslittle chance of its being seen, or being known to exist.
he resolved,therefore, that they should remain with him till better times; and thenhe would make known their existence to the other branches of the family,but not before.
"i can hunt for them, and provide for them," thoughthe, "and i have a little money, when it is required; and i will teachthem to be useful; they must learn to provide for themselves.
there'sthe garden, and the patch of land: in two or three years the boys willbe able to do something.
i can't teach them much; but i can teach themto fear god.
we must get on how we can, and put our trust in him who isa father to the fatherless."
with such thoughts running in his head, jacob arrived at the cottage,and found the children outside the door, watching for him.
they allhastened to him, and the dog rushed before them, to welcome his master.
"down, smoker, good dog.
well, mr edward, i have been as quick as ican.
how have mr humphrey and your sisters behaved?
but we must notremain outside to-day, for the troopers are scouring the forest, and maysee you.
let us come in directly; for it would not do that they shouldcome here."
"will they burn the cottage down?"
inquired alice, as she took jacob'shand.
"yes, my dear, i think they would, if they found that you and yourbrothers were in it: but we must not let them see you."
they all entered the cottage, which consisted of one large room infront, and two back rooms for bedrooms.
there was also a third bedroom,which was behind the other two, but which had not any furniture in it.
"now let's see what we can have for dinner--there's venison left, iknow," said jacob: "come, we must all be useful.
who will be cook?"
"i will be cook," said alice, "if you will show me how."
"so you shall, my dear," said jacob, "and i will show you how.
there'ssome potatoes in the basket in the corner--and some onions hanging onthe string--we must have some water--who will fetch it?"
"i will," said edward; who took up a pail and went out to the spring.
the potatoes were peeled and washed by the children--jacob and edwardcut the venison into pieces--the iron pot was cleaned--and then the meatand potatoes put with water into the pot, and placed on the fire.
"now i'll cut, up the onions, for they will make your eyes water."
"i don't care," said humphrey; "i'll cut and cry at the same time."
and humphrey took up a knife, and cut away most manfully, although hewas obliged to wipe his eyes with his sleeve very often.
"you are a fine fellow, humphrey," said jacob.
"now we'll put theonions in, and let it all boil up together.
now, you see you havecooked your own dinner; ain't that pleasant?"
"yes," cried they all; "and we will eat our own dinners as soon as it isready."
"then, humphrey, you must get some of the platters down which are on thedresser; and alice, you will find some knives in the drawer.
and let mesee, what can little edith do?
oh, she can go to the cupboard and findthe salt-cellar.
edward, just look-out, and if you see anybody comingor passing, let me know.
we must put you on guard till the troopersleave the forest."
the children set about their tasks, and humphrey cried out, as he veryoften did, "now, this is jolly!"
while the dinner was cooking jacob amused the children by showing themhow to put things in order; the floor was swept, the hearth was madetidy.
he showed alice how to wash out a cloth, and humphrey how to dustthe chairs.
they all worked merrily, while little edith stood andclapped her hands.
but just before dinner was ready edward came in and said, "here aretroopers galloping in the forest!"
jacob went out, and observed thatthey were coming in a direction that would lead near to the cottage.
he walked in, and after a moment's thought, he said, "my dear children,those men may come and search the cottage; you must do as i tell you,and mind that you are very quiet.
humphrey, you and your sisters mustgo to bed, and pretend to be very ill.  edward, take off your coat andput on this old hunting-frock of mine.
you must be in the bedroomattending your sick brother and sisters.
come, edith dear, you mustplay at going to bed, and have your dinner afterwards."
jacob took the children into the bedroom, and removing the upper dress,which would have betrayed that they were not the children of poorpeople, put them in bed, and covered them up to the chins with theclothes edward had put on the old hunting-shirt, which came below hisknees, and stood with a mug of water in his hand by the bedside of thetwo girls.
jacob went to the outer room, to remove the platters laidout for dinner; and he had hardly done so, when he heard the noise ofthe troopers, and soon afterwards a knock at the cottage-door.
"come in," said jacob.
"who are you, my friend?"
said the leader of the troop, entering thedoor.
"a poor forester, sir," replied jacob, "under great trouble."
"what trouble, my man?"
"i have the children all in bed with the smallpox."
"nevertheless, we must search your cottage."
"you are welcome," replied jacob; "only don't frighten the children ifyou can help it."
the man, who was now joined by others, commenced his search.
jacobopened all the doors of the rooms, and they passed through.
littleedith shrieked when she saw them; but edward patted her, and told hernot to be frightened.
the troopers, however, took no notice of thechildren; they searched thoroughly, and then came back to the frontroom.
"it's no use remaining here," said one of the troopers.
"shall we beoff?
i'm tired and hungry with the ride."
"so am i; and there's something that smells well," said another.
"what's this, my good man," continued he, taking off the lid of the pot.
"my dinner for a week," replied jacob.
"i have no one to cook for menow, and can't light a fire every day."
"well, you appear to live well, if you have such a mess as that everyday in the week.
i should like to try a spoonful or two."
"and welcome, sir," replied jacob; "i will cook some more for myself."
the troopers took him at his word; they sat down to the table, and verysoon the whole contents of the kettle had disappeared.
having satisfiedthemselves, they got up, told him that his rations were so good thatthey hoped to call again; and, laughing heartily, they mounted theirhorses, and rode away.
"well," said jacob, "they are very welcome to the dinner; i littlethought to get off so cheap."
as soon as they were out of sight jacobcalled to edward and the children to get up again, which they soon did.
alice put on edith's frock, humphrey put on his jacket, and edwardpulled off the hunting-shirt.
"they're gone now," said jacob, coming in from the door.
"and our dinners are gone," said humphrey, looking at the empty pot anddirty platters.
"yes; but we can cook another: and that will be more play, you know,"said jacob.
"edward, go for the water; humphrey, cut the onions; alice,wash the potatoes; and edith, help everybody, while i cut up some moremeat."
"i hope it will be as good," observed humphrey; "that other did smell sonice!"
"quite as good, if not better; for we shall improve by practice, and weshall have a better appetite to eat it with," said jacob.
"nasty men eat our dinner," said edith.
"shan't have any more.
and so they did as soon as it was cooked; but they were very hungrybefore they sat down.
"this is jolly!"
said humphrey, with his mouth full.
"yes, master humphrey.
i doubt if king charles gets so good a dinnerthis day.
mr edward, you are very grave and silent."
"yes, i am, jacob.
have i not cause?
if i could but have mauledthose troopers!"
"but you could not; so you must make the best of it.
they say thatevery dog has his day, and who knows but king charles may be on thethrone again!"
there were no more visits to the cottage that day, and they all went tobed and slept soundly.
the next morning jacob, who was most anxious to learn the news, saddledthe pony, having first given his injunctions to edward how to behave incase any troopers should come to the cottage.
he told him to pretendthat the children were in bed with the smallpox, as they had done theday before.
jacob then travelled to gossip allwood's, and he therelearnt that king charles had been taken prisoner, and was at the isle ofwight, and that the troopers were all going back to london as fast asthey came.
feeling that there was now no more danger to be apprehendedfrom them, jacob set off as fast as he could for lymington.
he went toone shop and purchased two peasant dresses which he thought would fitthe two boys, and at another he bought similar apparel for the twogirls.
then with several other ready-made articles, and some otherthings which were required for the household, he made a large package,which he put upon the pony, and taking the bridle, set off home, andarrived in time to superintend the cooking of the dinner, which was thisday venison-steaks fried in a pan, and boiled potatoes.
when dinner was over he opened his bundle, and told the little ones thatnow they were to live in a cottage they ought to wear cottage clothes,and that he had brought them some to put on, which they might rove aboutthe woods in, and not mind tearing them.
alice and edith went into thebedroom, and alice dressed edith and herself, and came out quite pleasedwith their change of dress.
humphrey and edward put theirs on in thesitting-room, and they all fitted pretty well, and certainly were verybecoming to the children.
"now, recollect, you are all my grandchildren," said jacob; "for i shallno longer call you miss and master--that we never do in a cottage.
youunderstand me, edward, of course?"
edward nodded his head, and jacob telling the children that they mightnow go out of the cottage and play, they all set off quite delightedwith clothes which procured them their liberty.
we must now describe the cottage of jacob armitage, in which thechildren have in future to dwell.
as we said before, it contained alarge sitting-room, or kitchen, in which were a spacious hearth andchimney, table, stools, cupboards, and dressers; the two bedrooms whichadjoined it were now appropriated, one for jacob and the other for thetwo boys; the third, or inner bedroom, was arranged for the two girls,as being more retired and secure.
but there were outhouses belonging toit: a stall, in which white billy, the pony, lived during the winter; ashed and pigsty rudely constructed, with an enclosed yard attached tothem; and it had, moreover, a piece of ground of more than an acre, wellfenced in to keep out the deer and game, the largest portion of whichwas cultivated as a garden and potato-ground, and the other, whichremained in grass, contained some fine old apple and pear trees.
suchwas the domicile; the pony, a few fowls, a sow and two young pigs, andthe dog smoker, were the animals on the establishment.
here jacobarmitage had been born--for the cottage had been built by hisgrandfather--but he had not always remained at the cottage.
when young,he felt an inclination to see more of the world, and had for severalyears served in the army.
his father and brother had lived in theestablishment at arnwood, and he was constantly there as a boy.
thechaplain of arnwood had taken a fancy to him, and taught him to read--writing he had not acquired.
as soon as he grew up he served, as wehave said, in the troop commanded by colonel beverley's father; andafter his death, colonel beverley had procured him the situation offorest ranger, which had been held by his father, who was then alive,but too aged to do the duty.
jacob armitage married a good and devoutyoung woman, with whom he lived several years, when she died, withoutbringing him any family; after which, his father being also dead, jacobarmitage had lived alone until the period at which we have commencedthis history.
the old forester lay awake the whole of this night, reflecting how heshould act relative to the children; he felt the great responsibilitythat he had incurred, and was alarmed when he considered what might bethe consequences if his days were shortened.
what would become ofthem--living in so sequestered a spot that few knew even of itsexistence--totally shut out from the world, and left to their ownresources?
he had no fear, if his life was spared, that they would dowell; but if he should be called away before they had grown up and wereable to help themselves, they might perish.
edward was not fourteenyears old; it was true that he was an active, brave boy, and thoughtfulfor his years; but he had not yet strength or skill sufficient for whatwould be required.
humphrey, the second, also promised well; but stillthey were all children.
"i must bring them up to be useful--to dependupon themselves; there is not a moment to be lost, and not a momentshall be lost; i will do my best, and trust to god; i ask but two orthree years, and by that time i trust that they will be able to dowithout me.
they must commence to-morrow the life of foresters'children."
acting upon this resolution, jacob, as soon as the children were dressedand in the sitting-room, opened his bible, which he had put on thetable, and said:"my dear children, you know that you must remain in this cottage, thatthe wicked troopers may not find you out; they killed your father, andif i had not taken you away, they would have burnt you in your beds.
you must therefore live here as my children, and you must callyourselves by the name of armitage, and not that of beverley; and youmust dress like children of the forest, as you do now, and you must doas children of the forest do; that is, you must do everything foryourselves, for you can have no servants to wait upon you.
we must allwork; but you will like to work if you all work together, for then thework will be nothing but play.
now, edward is the oldest, and he mustgo out with me in the forest, and i must teach him to kill deer andother game for our support; and when he knows how, then humphrey shallcome out and learn how to shoot."
"yes," said humphrey, "i'll soon learn."
"but not yet, humphrey, for you must do some work in the meantime; youmust look after the pony and the pigs, and you must learn to dig in thegarden with edward and me when we do not go out to hunt; and sometimes ishall go by myself, and leave edward to work with you when there is workto be done.
alice, dear, you must, with humphrey, light the fire andclean the house in the morning.
humphrey will go to the spring forwater, and do all the hard work; and you must learn to wash, my dearalice--i will show you how; and you must learn to get dinner ready withhumphrey, who will assist you; and to make the beds.
and little edithshall take care of the fowls, and feed them every morning, and look forthe eggs--will you, edith?"
"yes," replied edith, "and feed all the little chickens when they arehatched, as i did at arnwood."
"yes, dear, and you'll be very useful.
now you know that you cannot doall this at once.
you will have to try and try again; but very soon youwill, and then it will be all play.
i must teach you all, and every dayyou will do it better, till you want no teaching at all.
and now, mydear children, as there is no chaplain here, we must read the bibleevery morning.
edward can read, i know; can you, humphrey?"
"yes, all except the big words."
"well, you will learn them by and by.
and edward and i will teach aliceand edith to read in the evenings, when we have nothing to do.
it willbe an amusement.
now tell me, do you all like what i have told you?"
"yes," they all replied; and then jacob armitage read a chapter in thebible, after which they all knelt down and said the lord's prayer.
asthis was done every morning and every evening, i need not repeat itagain.
jacob then showed them again how to clean the house, andhumphrey and alice soon finished their work under his directions; andthen they all sat down to breakfast, which was a very plain one, beinggenerally cold meat, and cakes baked on the embers, at which alice wassoon very expert; and little edith was very useful in watching them forher, while she busied herself about her other work.
but the venison wasnearly all gone; and after breakfast jacob and edward, with the dogsmoker, went out into the woods.
edward had no gun, as he only went outto be taught how to approach the game, which required great caution;indeed jacob had no second gun to give him, if he had wished so to do.
"now, edward, we are going after a fine stag, if we can find him--whichi doubt not--but the difficulty is to get within shot of him.
recollectthat you must always be hid, for his sight is very quick; never beheard, for his ear is sharp; and never come down to him with the wind,for his scent is very fine.
then you must hunt according to the hour ofthe day.
at this time he is feeding; two hours hence he will be lyingdown in the high fern.
the dog is of no use unless the stag is badlywounded, when the dog will take him.
smoker knows his duty well, andwill hide himself as close as we do.
we are now going into the thickwood ahead of us, as there are many little spots of cleared ground in itwhere we may find the deer; but we must keep more to the left, for thewind is to the eastward, and we must walk up against it.
and now thatwe are coming into the wood, recollect, not a word must be said, and youmust walk as quietly as possible, keeping behind me.
smoker, to heel!"
they proceeded through the wood for more than a mile, when jacob made asign to edward, and dropped down into the fern, crawling along to anopen spot, where, at some distance, were a stag and three deer grazing.
the deer grazed quietly, but the stag was ever and anon raising up hishead and snuffing the air as he looked round, evidently acting as asentinel for the females.
the stag was perhaps a long quarter of a mile from where they hadcrouched down in the fern.
jacob remained immovable till the animalbegan to feed again, and then he advanced crawling through the fern,followed by edward and the dog, who dragged himself on his stomach afteredward.
this tedious approach was continued for some time, and they hadneared the stag to within half the original distance, when the animalagain lifted up his head and appeared uneasy.
jacob stopped andremained without motion.
after a time the stag walked away, followed bythe does, to the opposite side of the clear spot on which they had beenfeeding, and, to edward's annoyance, the animal was now half a mile fromthem.
jacob turned round and crawled into the wood, and when he knewthat they were concealed he rose on his feet and said:"you see, edward, that it requires patience to stalk a deer.
what aprincely fellow!
but he has probably been alarmed this morning, and isvery uneasy.
now we must go through the woods till we come to the leeof him on the other side of the dell.
you see he has led the does closeto the thicket, and we shall have a better chance when we get there, ifwe are only quiet and cautious."
"what startled him, do you think?"
"i think, when you were crawling through the fern after me, you broke apiece of rotten stick that was under you, did you not?"
"yes, but that made but little noise."
"quite enough to startle a red deer, edward, as you will find out beforeyou have been long a forester.
these checks will happen, and havehappened to me a hundred times, and then all the work is to be done overagain.
now then to make the circuit--we had better not say a word.
ifwe get safe now to the other side we are sure of him."
they proceeded at a quick walk through the forest, and in half an hourhad gained the side where the deer were feeding.
when about threehundred yards from the game, jacob again sank down on his hands andknees, crawling from bush to bush, stopping whenever the stag raised hishead, and advancing again when it resumed feeding; at last they came tothe fern at the side of the wood, and crawled through it as before, butstill more cautiously as they approached the stag.
in this manner theyarrived at last to within eighty yards of the animal, and then jacobadvanced his gun ready to put it to his shoulder, and as he cocked thelock, raised himself to fire.
the click occasioned by the cocking ofthe lock roused up the stag instantly, and he turned his head in thedirection from whence the noise proceeded; as he did so jacob fired,aiming behind the animal's shoulder: the stag made a bound, came downagain, dropped on his knees, attempted to run, and fell dead, while thedoes fled away with the rapidity of the wind.
edward started up on his legs with a shout of exultation.
jacobcommenced reloading his gun, and stopped edward as he was about to runup to where the animal lay.
"edward, you must learn your craft," said jacob; "never do that again;never shout in that way--on the contrary, you should have remained stillin the fern."
the stag is dead."
"yes, my dear boy, that stag is dead; but how do you know but what theremay be another lying down in the fern close to us, or at some distancefrom us, which you have alarmed by your shout?
suppose that we both hadhad guns, and that the report of mine had started another stag lying inthe fern within shot, you would have been able to shoot it; or if a stagwas lying at a distance, the report of the gun might have startled himso as to induce him to move his head without rising.
i should have seenhis antlers move and have marked his lair, and we should then have goneafter him and stalked him too."
"i see," replied edward, "i was wrong; but i shall know better anothertime."
"that's why i tell you, my boy," replied jacob; "now let us go to ourquarry.
ay, edward, this is a noble beast.
i thought that he was ahart royal, and so he is."
"what is a hart royal, jacob?"
"why, a stag is called a brocket until he is three years old; at fouryears he is a staggart; at five years a warrantable stag; and after fiveyears he becomes a hart royal."
"and how do you know his age?"
"by his antlers: you see that this stag has nine antlers; now, a brockethas but two antlers, a staggart three, and a warrantable stag but four;at six years old, the antlers increase in number until they sometimeshave twenty or thirty.
this is a fine beast, and the venison is nowgetting very good.
now you must see me do the work of my craft."
jacob then cut the throat of the animal, and afterwards cut off itshead, and took out its bowels.
"are you tired, edward?"
said jacob, as he wiped his hunting-knife onthe coat of the stag.
"no, not the least."
"well, then, we are now, i should think, about four or five miles fromthe cottage.
could you find your way home?
but that is of noconsequence, smoker will lead you home by the shortest path.
i willstay here, and you can saddle white billy and come back with him, for hemust carry the venison back.
it's more than we can manage--indeed, asmuch as we can manage with white billy to help us.
there's more thantwenty stone of venison lying there, i can tell you."
edward immediately assented, and jacob desiring smoker to go home, setabout flaying and cutting up the animal for its more convenienttransportation.
in an hour and a half edward, attended by smoker,returned with the pony, on whose back the chief portion of the venisonwas packed.
jacob took a large piece on his own shoulders, and edwardcarried another, and smoker, after regaling himself with a portion ofthe inside of the animal, came after them.
during the walk home jacobinitiated edward into the terms of venery and many other pointsconnected with deer-stalking, with which we shall not trouble ourreaders.
as soon as they arrived at the cottage the venison was hungup, the pony put in the stable, and then they sat down to dinner with anexcellent appetite after their long morning's walk.
alice and humphreyhad cooked the dinner themselves, and it was in the pot, smoking hot,when they returned; and jacob declared he never ate a better mess in hislife.
alice was not a little proud of this, and of the praises shereceived from edward and the old forester.
the next day jacob statedhis intention of going to lymington to dispose of a large portion of thevenison, and bring back a sack of oatmeal for their cakes.
edward askedto accompany him, but jacob replied:"edward, you must not think of showing yourself at lymington, oranywhere else, for a long while, until you are grown out of memory.
itwould be folly, and you would risk your sisters' and brother's lives,perhaps, as well as your own.
never mention it again: the time willcome when it will be necessary, perhaps; if so, it cannot be helped.
atpresent you would be known immediately.
no, edward, i tell you what ido mean to do: i have a little money left, and i intend to buy you agun, that you may learn to stalk deer yourself without me: forrecollect, if any accident should happen to me, who is there but you toprovide for your brother and sisters?
at lymington i am known to many;but out of all who know me, there is not one who knows where my cottageis; they know that i live in the new forest, and that i supply themvenison, and purchase other articles in return.
that is all that theyknow; and i may therefore go without fear.
i shall sell the venisonto-morrow, and bring you back a good gun; and humphrey shall have thecarpenters' tools which he wishes for--for i think, by what he does withhis knife, that he has a turn that way, and it may be useful.
i mustalso get some other tools for humphrey and you, as we shall then be ableto work all together; and some threads and needles for alice, for shecan sew a little, and practice will make her more perfect."
jacob went off to lymington as he had proposed, and returned late atnight with white billy well loaded; he had a sack of oatmeal, somespades and hoes, a saw and chisels, and other tools; two scythes and twothree-pronged forks; and when edward came to meet him he put into hishand a gun with a very long barrel.
"i believe, edward, that you will find that a good one, for i know whereit came from.
it belonged to one of the rangers, who was reckoned thebest shot in the forest.
i know the gun, for i have seen it on his arm,and have taken it in my hand to examine it more than once.
he waskilled at naseby, with your father, poor fellow!
and his widow sold thegun to meet her wants."
replied edward, "i thank you much, jacob, and i will try if icannot kill as much venison as will pay back the purchase-money--i will,i assure you."
"i shall be glad if you do, edward; not because i want the money back,but because then i shall be more easy in my mind about you all, ifanything happens to me.
as soon as you are perfect in your woodcraft, ishall take humphrey in hand, for there is nothing like having twostrings to your bow.
to-morrow we will not go out: we have meat enoughfor three weeks or more; and now the frost has set in, it will keepwell.
you shall practise at a mark with your gun, that you may beaccustomed to it: for all guns, even the best, require a littlehumouring."
edward, who had often fired a gun before, proved the next morning thathe had a very good eye; and after two or three hours' practice, hit themark at a hundred yards almost every time.
"i wish you would let me go out by myself," said edward, overjoyed athis success.
"you would bring home nothing, boy," replied jacob.
"no, no, you have agreat deal to learn yet; but i tell you what you shall do: any time thatwe are not in great want of venison, you shall have the first fire."
"well, that will do," replied edward.
the winter now set in with great severity, and they remained almostaltogether within doors.
jacob and the boys went out to get firewood,and dragged it home through the snow.
"i wish, jacob," said humphrey, "that i was able to build a cart, for itwould be very useful, and white bill would then have something to do;but i can't make the wheels, and there is no harness."
"that's not a bad idea of yours, humphrey," replied jacob; "we willthink about it.
if you can't build a cart, perhaps i can buy one.
itwould be useful if it were only to take the dung out of the yard on thepotato-ground; for i have hitherto carried it out in baskets, and it'shard work."
"yes, and we might saw the wood into billets, and carry it home in thecart instead of dragging it this way: my shoulder is quite sore with therope, it cuts me so."
"well, when the weather breaks up, i will see what i can do, humphrey;but just now the roads are so blocked up, that i do not think we couldget a cart from lymington to the cottage, although we can a horse,perhaps."
but if they remained indoors during the inclement weather, they were notidle.
jacob took this opportunity to instruct the children ineverything.
alice learnt how to wash and how to cook.
it is true thatsometimes she scalded herself a little, sometimes burnt her fingers; andother accidents did occur, from the articles employed being too heavyfor them to lift by themselves; but practice and dexterity compensatedfor want of strength, and fewer accidents happened every day.
humphreyhad his carpenters' tools; and although at first he had many failures,and wasted nails and wood, by degrees he learnt to use his tools withmore dexterity, and made several little useful articles.
little edithcould now do something, for she made and baked all the oatmeal cakes,which saved alice a good deal of time and trouble in watching them.
itwas astonishing how much the children could do, now that there was noone to do it for them; and they had daily instruction from jacob.
inthe evening alice sat down with her needle and thread to mend theclothes; at first they were not very well done; but she improved everyday.
edith and humphrey learnt to read while alice worked, and thenalice learnt; and thus passed the winter away so rapidly, that althoughthey had been five months at the cottage, it did not appear as if theyhad been there as many weeks.
all were happy and contented, with theexception, perhaps, of edward, who had fits of gloominess, andoccasionally showed signs of impatience as to what was passing in theworld, of which he remained in ignorance.
that edward beverley had fits of gloominess and impatience is notsurprising.
edward had been brought up as the heir of arnwood; and aboy at a very early age imbibes notions of his position, if it promisesto be a high one.
he was not two miles from that property which byright was his own.
his own mansion had been reduced to ashes--hehimself was hidden in the forest, and he could not but feel hisposition.
he sighed for the time when the king's cause should be againtriumphant, and his arrival at that age when he could in person supportand uphold the cause.
he longed to be in command as his father hadbeen--to lead his men on to victory--to recover his property, and torevenge himself on those who had acted so cruelly towards him.
this washuman nature; and much as jacob armitage would expostulate with him, andtry to divert his feelings into other channels; long as he would preachto him about forgiveness of injuries, and patience until better timesshould come, edward could not help brooding over these thoughts, and ifever there was a breast animated with intense hatred against thepuritans it was that of edward beverley.
although this was to belamented, it could not create surprise or wonder in the old forester.
all he could do was, as much as possible to reason with him, to soothehis irritated feelings, and by constant employment try to make himforget for a time the feelings of ill-will which he had conceived.
one thing was, however, sufficiently plain to edward, which was, thatwhatever might be his wrongs, he had not the power at present to redressthem; and this feeling, perhaps, more than any other, held him in somesort of check; and as the time when he might have an opportunityappeared far distant, even to his own sanguine imagination, so bydegrees did he contrive to dismiss from his thoughts what it was no useto think about at present.
as we have before said, time passed rapidly; with the exception of oneor two excursions after venison, they remained in the cottage, and jacobnever went to lymington.
the frost had broken up, the snow had longdisappeared, and the trees began to bud.
the sun became powerful, andin the month of may the forest began again to look green.
"and now, edward," said jacob armitage, one day at breakfast, "we willtry for venison again to sell at lymington, for i must purchasehumphrey's cart and harness; so let us get our guns, and go out thisfine morning.
the stags are mostly by themselves at this season, forthe does are with their young calves.
we must find the slot of a deer,and track him to his lair, and you shall have the first shot if youlike; but that, however, depends more upon the deer than upon me."
they had walked four or five miles when they came upon the slot or trackof a deer, but jacob's practised eye pointed out to edward that it wasthe slot of a young one, and not worth following.
he explained toedward the difference in the hoof-marks and other signs by which thisknowledge was gained, and they proceeded onwards until they foundanother slot, which jacob declared to be that of a warrantable stag--that is, one old enough to kill and to be good venison.
"we must now track him to his lair, edward."
this took them about a mile farther, when they arrived at a smallthicket of thorns about an acre in extent.
"here he is, you see, edward; let me now see if he is harboured."
they walked round the thicket, and could not find any slot or track bywhich the stag had left the covert, and jacob pronounced that the animalmust be hid in it.
"now, edward, do you stay here while i go back to the lee side of thecovert: i will enter it with smoker, and the stag will, in allprobability, when he is roused, come out to breast the wind.
you willthen have a good shot at him; recollect to fire so as to hit him behindthe shoulder: if he is moving quick, fire a little before the shoulders;if slow, take aim accurately; but recollect, if i come upon him in thecovert, i shall kill him if i can, for we want the venison, and then wewill go after another to give you a chance."
jacob then left edward, and went down to the lee side of the covert,where he entered it with smoker.
edward was stationed behind athorn-bush, which grew a few yards clear of the covert, and he soonheard the creaking of the branches.
a short time elapsed, and a fine stag came out at a trot; he turned hishead, and was just bounding away, when edward fired, and the animalfell.
remembering the advice of jacob, edward remained where he was, insilence reloading his piece, and was soon afterwards joined by jacob andthe dog.
"well done, edward!"
said the forester in a low voice, and covering hisforehead to keep off the glare of the sun, he looked earnestly at a highbrake between some thorn-trees, about half a mile to windward.
"i thinki see something there--look, edward, your eyes are younger than mine.
is that the branch of a tree in the fern, or is it not?"
"i see what you mean," replied edward.
"it is not, it moves."
"i thought so, but my eyes are not so good as they once were.
it'sanother stag, depend upon it; but how to get near him?
we never can getacross this patch of clear grass without being seen."
"no, we cannot get at him from this spot," replied edward; "but if wewere to fall back to leeward, and gain the forest again, i think thatthere are thorns sufficient from the forest to where he lies, to creepfrom behind one to the other, so as to get a shot at him; don't you?"
"it will require care and patience to manage that; but i think it mightbe done.
i will try; it is my turn now, you know.
you had better stayhere with the dog, for only one can hide from thorn to thorn."
jacob, ordering smoker to remain, then set off.
he had to make acircuit of three miles to get to the spot where the thorns extended fromthe forest, and edward saw no more of him, although he strained hiseyes, until the stag sprung out, and the gun was discharged.
edwardperceived that the stag was not killed, but severely wounded, runningtowards the covert near which he was hid.
"down, smoker," said he, ashe cocked his gun.
the stag came within shot, and was coming nearerwhen, seeing edward, it turned.
edward fired, and then cheered on thedog, who sprang after the wounded animal, giving tongue, as he followedhim.
edward, perceiving jacob hastening towards him, waited for him.
"he's hard hit, edward," cried jacob, "and smoker will have him; but wemust follow as fast as we can."
they both caught up their guns and ran as fast as they could, when, asthey entered the wood, they heard the dog at bay.
"we shan't have far to go, edward; the animal is done up, smoker has himat bay."
they hastened on another quarter of a mile, when they found that thestag had fallen on his knees, and had been seized by the throat bysmoker.
"mind, edward, now, how i go up to him, for the wound from the horn ofthe deer is very dangerous."
jacob advanced from behind the stag, and cut his throat with hishunting-knife.
"he is a fine beast, and we have done well to-day; butwe shall have two journeys to make to get all this venison home.
icould not get a fair shot at him--and see, i have hit him here in theflank."
"and here is my ball in his throat," said edward.
"so it is.
then it was a good shot that you made, and you are master ofthe hunt this day, edward.
now, i'll remain, and you go home for whitebilly; humphrey is right about the cart.
if we had one, we could havecarried all home at once; but i must go now and cut the throat of theother stag which you killed so cleverly.
you will be a good hunter oneof these days, edward.
a little more knowledge, and a little morepractice, and i will leave it all to you, and hang my gun up over thechimney."
it was late in the evening before they had made their two trips andtaken all the venison home, and very tired were they before it was allsafely housed.
edward was delighted with his success, but not more sothan was old jacob.
the next morning jacob set off for lymington, withthe pony loaded with venison, which he sold, as well as two more loadswhich he promised to bring the next day, and the day after.
he thenlooked out for a cart, and was fortunate in finding a small one justfitted to the size of the pony, who was not tall, but very strong, asall new forest ponies are.
he also procured harness, and then put billyin the cart to draw him home; but billy did not admire being put in acart, and for some time was very restive, and backed and reared, andwent every way but the right; but by dint of coaxing and leading, he atlast submitted, and went straight on: but then the noise of the cartbehind him frightened him, and he ran away.
at last, having tiredhimself out, he thought that he might as well go quietly in harness, ashe could not get out of it; and he did so, and arrived safe at thecottage.
humphrey was delighted at the sight of the cart, and said thatnow they should get on well.
the next day jacob contrived to put allthe remainder of the venison in the cart, and white billy made no moredifficulty; he dragged it all to lymington, and returned with the cartas quietly and cleverly as if he had been in harness all his life.
"well, edward, the venison paid for the cart, at all events," saidjacob, "and now, i will tell you all the news i collected while i was atlymington.
captain burly, who attempted to incite the people to rescuethe king, has been hung, drawn, and quartered, as a traitor."
"they are traitors who condemned him," replied edward in wrath.
"yes, so they are; but there is better news, which is, that the duke ofyork has escaped to holland."
"yes, that is good news; and the king?"
"he is still a prisoner in carisbrook castle.
there are many rumoursand talks, but no one knows what is true and what is false; but dependupon it, this cannot last long, and the king will have his rights yet."
edward remained very grave for some time.
"i trust in heaven we all shall have our rights yet, jacob," said he atlast.
"i wish i was a man!"
here the conversation ended, and they went to bed.
this was now a busy time at the cottage.
the manure had to be got outof the stable and pigsties, and carried out to the potato-ground andgarden; the crops had to be put in; and the cart was now found valuable.
after the manure had been carried out and spread, edward and humphreyhelped jacob to dig the ground, and then to put in the seed.
thecabbage-plants of last year were then put out, and the turnips andcarrots sown.
before the month was over the garden and potato-fieldwere cropped, and humphrey took upon himself to weed and keep it clean.
little edith had also employment now; for the hens began to lay eggs,and as soon as she heard them cackling, she ran for the eggs and broughtthem in; and before the month was over jacob had set four hens uponeggs.
billy, the pony, was now turned out to graze in the forest; hecame home every night of his own accord.
"i'll tell you what we want," said humphrey, who took the commandaltogether over the farm; "we want a cow."
"oh yes, a cow," cried alice; "i have plenty of time to milk her."
"whose cows are those which i see in the forest sometimes?"
saidhumphrey to jacob.
"if they belong to anybody, they belong to the king," replied jacob;"but they are cattle which have strayed and found their way to theforest, and have remained here ever since.
they are rather wild andsavage, and you must be careful how you go too near them, as the bullswill run at you.
they increase very fast: there were but six a fewyears ago, and now there are at least fifty in the herd."
"well, i'll try and get one, if i can," said humphrey.
"you will be puzzled to do that, boy," replied jacob, "and as i saidbefore, beware of the bulls."
"i don't want a bull," replied humphrey; "but a cow would give us milk,and then we should have more manure for the garden.
my garden will thengrow more potatoes."
"well, humphrey, if you can catch a cow, no one will interfere; but ithink you will not find it very easy, and you may find it verydangerous."
"i'll look-out for one," replied humphrey, "anyhow.
alice, if we onlyhad a cow, wouldn't that be jolly?"
the crops were now all up, and as the days began to be long, the workbecame comparatively light and easy.
humphrey was busy making a littlewheelbarrow for edith, that she might barrow away the weeds as he hoedthem up; and at last this great performance was completed, much to theadmiration of all, and much to his own satisfaction.
indeed, when it isrecollected that humphrey had only the hand-saw and axe, and that he hadto cut down the tree, and then to saw it into plank, it must beacknowledged that it required great patience and perseverance even tomake a wheelbarrow; but humphrey was not only persevering, but was fullof invention.
he had built up a hen-house with fir poles, and made thenests for the hens to lay and hatch in, and they now had between fortyand fifty chickens running about.
he had also divided the pigsty, sothat the sow might be kept apart from the other pigs; and they expectedvery soon to have a litter of young pigs.
he had transplanted the wildstrawberries from the forest, and had by manure made them large andgood; and he had also a fine crop of onions in the garden, from seedwhich jacob had bought at lymington; now humphrey was very busy cuttingdown some poles in the forest to make a cow-house, for he declared thathe would have a cow somehow or another.
june arrived, and it was timeto mow down grass to make into hay for the winter, and jacob had twoscythes.
he showed the boys how to use them, and they soon becameexpert; and as there was plenty of long grass at this time of the year,and they could mow when they pleased, they soon had white billy in fullemployment carrying the hay home.
the little girls helped to make it,for humphrey had made them two rakes.
jacob thought that there was hayenough made, but humphrey said that there was enough for the pony, butnot enough for the cow.
"but where is the cow to come from, humphrey?"
"where the venison comes from," replied he,--"out of the forest."
so humphrey continued to mow and make hay, while edward and jacob wentout for venison.
after all the hay was made and stacked, humphrey foundout a method of thatching with fern, which jacob had never thought of;and when that was done, they commenced cutting down fern for fodder.
here again humphrey would have twice as much as jacob had ever cutbefore, because he wanted litter for the cow.
at last it became quite ajoke between him and edward, who, when he brought home more venison thanwould keep in the hot weather, told humphrey that the remainder was forthe cow.
still humphrey would not give up the point, and every morningand evening he would be certain to be absent an hour or two, and it wasfound out he was watching the herd of wild cattle who were feeding:sometimes they were very near, at others a long way off.
he used to getup into the trees, and examine them as they passed under him, withoutperceiving him.
one night humphrey returned very late, and the nextmorning he was off before daylight.
breakfast was over, and humphreydid not make his appearance, and they could not tell what was thematter.
jacob felt uneasy, but edward laughed, and said:"oh, depend upon it, he'll come back and bring the cow with him."
hardly had edward said these words when in came humphrey red withperspiration.
"now then, jacob and edward, come with me; we must put billy in thecart, and take smoker and a rope with us.
take your guns too, for fearof accident."
"why, what's the matter?"
"i'll tell you as we go along, but i must put billy in the cart, forthere is no time to be lost."
humphrey disappeared, and jacob said to edward, "what can it be?"
"it can be nothing but the cow he is so mad about," replied edward.
"however, when he comes with the pony, we shall know; let us take ourguns and the dog smoker as he wishes."
humphrey now drove up the pony and cart, and they set off.
"well, i suppose you'll tell us now what we are going for?"
"yes, i will.
you know i've been watching the cattle for a long while,because i wanted a cow.
i have been in a tree when they have passedunder me several times, and i observed that one or two of the heiferswere very near calving.
yesterday evening i thought one could not helpcalving very soon indeed, and as i was watching i saw that she wasuneasy, and that she at last left the herd and went into a little copseof wood.
i remained three hours to see if she came out again, and shedid not.
it was dark when i came home, as you know.
this morning iwent before daylight and found the herd.
she is very remarkable, beingblack and white spotted; and, after close examination, i found that shewas not with the herd, so i am sure that she went into the copse tocalve, and that she has calved before this."
"well, that may be," replied jacob; "but now i do not understand what weare to do."
"nor i," replied edward.
"well then, i'll tell you what i hope to do.
i have got the pony andcart to take the calf home with us, if we can get it--which i think wecan.
i have got smoker to worry the heifer and keep her employed whilewe put the calf in the cart; a rope that we may tie the cow, if we can;and you with your guns must keep off the herd, if they come to herassistance.
now do you understand my plan?"
"yes, and i think it very likely to succeed, humphrey," replied jacob,"and i give you credit for the scheme.
we will help you all we can.
where is the copse?"
"not half a mile farther," replied humphrey.
"we shall soon be there."
on their arrival they found that the herd were feeding at a considerabledistance from the copse, which was perhaps as well.
"now," said jacob, "i and edward will enter into the copse with smoker,and you follow us, humphrey.
i will make smoker seize the heifer ifnecessary; at all events, he will keep her at bay--that is, if she ishere.
first let us walk round the copse and find her _slot_ as we callthe track of a deer.
see, here is her footing.
now let us go in."
they advanced cautiously into the thicket, following the track of theheifer, and at last came upon her.
apparently she had not calved morethan an hour, and was licking the calf which was not yet on its legs.
as soon as the animal perceived jacob and edward, she shook her head,and was about to run at them; but jacob told smoker to seize her, andthe dog flew at her immediately.
the attack of the dog drove back theheifer quite into the thicket, and as the dog bounded round her,springing this way and that way to escape her horns, the heifer was soonseparated from the calf.
"now then, edward and humphrey," said jacob, advancing between theheifer and the calf, "lift up the calf between you and put it in thecart.
leave smoker and me to manage the mother."
the boys put their arms under the stomach of the calf, and carried itaway.
the heifer was at first too busy defending herself against thedog to perceive that the calf was gone; when she did jacob called smokerto him, so as to bring him between the heifer and where the boys weregoing out of the thicket.
at last the heifer gave a loud bellow, andrushed out of the thicket in pursuit of her calf checked by smoker, whoheld on to her ear, and sometimes stopped her from advancing.
"hold her, smoker," said jacob, who now went back to help the boys.
"hold her, boy.
is the calf in the cart?"
"yes, and tied fast," replied edward, "and we are in the cart too."
"that's right," replied jacob.
"now i'll get in too, and let us driveoff.
she'll follow us, depend upon it.
smoker, at this command, came bounding out of the copse, followed by theheifer, lowing most anxiously.
her lowing was responded to by the calfin the cart, and she ran wildly up to it.
"drive off, humphrey," said jacob; "i think i heard the lowing of theheifer answered by some of the herd, and the sooner we are off thebetter."
humphrey, who had the reins, drove off; the heifer followed, at one timerunning at the dog, at another putting her head almost into the hindpart of the cart; but the lowing of the heifer was now answered bydeeper tones, and jacob said:"edward, get your gun ready, for i think the herd is following.
do notfire, however, till i tell you.
we must be governed by circumstances.
it won't do to lose the pony, or to run any serious risk, for the sakeof the heifer and calf.
drive fast, humphrey."
a few minutes afterwards they perceived at about a quarter of a milebehind them, not the whole herd, but a single bull, who was coming up ata fast trot, with his tail in the air, and tossing his head, lowingdeeply in answer to the heifer.
"there's only one, after all," said jacob; "i suppose the heifer is hisfavourite.
well, we can manage him.
smoker, come in.
come in, sir,directly," cried jacob, perceiving that the dog was about to attack thebull.
smoker obeyed, and the bull advanced till he was within a hundred yards.
"now, edward, do you fire first--aim for his shoulder.
humphrey stopped the pony, and the bull continued to advance, but seemedpuzzled who to attack, unless it was the dog.
as soon as the bull waswithin sixty yards, edward fired, and the animal fell down on its knees,tearing the ground with its horns.
"that will do," said jacob; "drive on again, humphrey; we will have alook at that fellow by and by.
at present we had better get home, asothers may come.
he's up again, but he is at a standstill.
i have anidea that he is hit hard."
the cart drove on, followed by the heifer; but no more of the wild herdmade their appearance, and they very soon gained the cottage.
"now, then, what shall we do?"
"come, humphrey, you havehad all the ordering of this, and have done it well."
"well, jacob, we must now drive the cart into the yard, and shut thegate upon the cow, till i am ready."
"that's easy done, by setting smoker at her," replied jacob; "but, mercyon us, there's alice and edith running out!--the heifer may kill them.
go back, alice, run quite into the cottage, and shut the door till wecome."
alice and edith hearing this, and edward also crying out to them, made ahasty retreat to the cottage.
humphrey then backed the cart against thepaling of the yard, so as to enable edward to get on the other side ofit, ready to open the gate.
smoker was set at the heifer, and, asbefore, soon engaged her attention; so that the gate was opened and thecart drove in, and the gate closed again, before the heifer couldfollow.
"well, humphrey, what next?"
"why, now lift the calf out and put it into the cow-house.
i will gointo the cow-house with a rope and a slip-knot at the end of it, getupon the beam above, and drop it over her horns as she's busy with thecalf, which she will be as soon as you let her in.
i shall pass the endof the rope outside, for you to haul up when i am ready, and then weshall have her fast, till we can secure her properly.
when i call out`ready,' do you open the gate and let her in.
you can do that and jumpinto the cart afterwards, for fear she may run at you; but i don't thinkthat she will, for it's the calf she wants, and not either of you."
as soon as humphrey was ready with the rope he gave the word, and thegate was opened; the cow ran in immediately, and hearing her calf bleat,went into the cow-house, the door of which was shut upon her.
a minuteafterwards humphrey cried out to them to haul upon the rope, which theydid.
"that will do," said humphrey from the inside; "now make the rope fast,and then you may come in."
they went in, and found the heifer drawn close to the side of thecow-house by the rope which was round her horns, and unable to move herhead.
"well, humphrey, that's very clever; but now what's to be done?"
"first i'll saw off the tips of her horns, and then if she does run atus, she won't hurt us much.
wait till i go for the saw."
as soon as the ends of her horns were sawed off, humphrey took anotherpiece of rope, which he fastened securely round her horns, and then madethe other end fast to the side of the building, so that the animal couldmove about a little and eat out of the crib.
"there," said humphrey, "now time and patience must do the rest.
wemust coax her and handle her, and we soon shall tame her.
at presentlet us leave her with the calf.
she has a yard of rope, and that isenough for her to lick her calf, which is all that she requires atpresent.
to-morrow we will cut some grass for her."
they then went out, shutting the cow-house door.
"well, humphrey, you've beat us after all, and have the laugh on yourside now," said jacob.
"`where there's a will, there's a way,' that'scertain; and i assure you, that when you were making so much hay, andgathering so much litter, and building a cow-house, i had no more ideathat we should have a cow than that we should have an elephant; and iwill say that you deserve great credit for your way of obtaining it."
"that he certainly does," replied edward.
"you have more genius than ihave, brother.
but dinner must be ready, if alice has done her duty.
what think you, jacob, shall we after dinner go and look after thatbull?"
"yes, by all means.
he will not be had eating, and i can sell all i cancarry in the cart at lymington.
besides, the skin is worth money."
alice and edith were very anxious to see the cow, and especially to seethe calf; but humphrey told them that they must not go near till he wentwith them, and then they should see it.
after dinner was over, jacoband edward took their guns, and humphrey put billy in the cart, andfollowed them.
they found the bull where they left him, standing quitestill; he tossed his head when they approached him, which they didcarefully, but he did not attempt to run at them.
"it's my idea that he has nearly bled to death," said jacob; "butthere's nothing like making sure.
edward, put a bullet just threeinches behind his shoulder, and that will make all safe."
edward did so, and the animal fell dead.
they went up to the carcass,which they estimated to weigh at least fifty stone.
"it is a noble beast," said edward; "i wonder we never thought ofkilling one before."
"they ain't game, edward," replied jacob.
"no, they are not now, jacob," said humphrey; "as you and edward claimall the game, i shall claim the cattle as my portion of the forest.
recollect, there are more, and i mean to have more of them yet."
"well, humphrey, i give you up all my rights, if i have any."
"and i all mine," added edward.
"be it so.
some day you'll see what i shall do," replied humphrey.
"recollect, i am to sell the cattle for my own self-advantage until ibuy a gun, and one or two things which i want."
"i agree to that too, humphrey," replied jacob; "and now to skin thebeast."
the skinning and quartering took up the whole afternoon, and billy washeavily laden when he drew his cart home.
the next day jacob went tolymington to sell the bull and the skin, and returned home wellsatisfied with the profit he had made.
he had procured, as humphreyrequested, some milk-pans, a small churn, and milk-pail, out of theproceeds, and had still money left.
humphrey told them that he had notbeen to see the heifer yet, as he thought it better not.
"she will be tame to-morrow morning, depend upon it," said he.
"but if you give her nothing to eat, will not the calf die?"
"oh no, i should think not.
i shall not starve her, but i will make herthankful for her food before she gets it.
i shall cut her some grassto-morrow morning."
we may as well here say that the next morning humphrey went in to theheifer.
at first she tossed about and was very unruly.
he gave hersome grass, and patted her and coaxed her for a long while, till at lastshe allowed him to touch her gently.
every day for a fortnight hebrought her her food, and she became quieter every day, till at last, ifhe went up to her, she never pushed with her horns.
the calf becamequite tame, and as the heifer perceived that the calf was quiet, shebecame more quiet herself.
after the fortnight, humphrey would notallow the heifer to receive anything except from the hand of alice, thatthe animal might know her well; and when the calf was a month old,humphrey made the first attempt to milk her.
this was resisted at firstby kicking, but in the course of ten days she gave down her milk.
humphrey then let her loose for a few days to run about the yard, stillkeeping the calf in the cow-house, and putting the heifer in to her atnight, milking her before the calf was allowed to suck.
after this, headventured upon the last experiment, which was to turn her out of theyard to graze into the forest.
she went away to some distance, and hewas fearful that she would join the herd, but in the evening she cameback again to her calf.
after this he was satisfied, and turned her outevery day, and they had no further trouble with her.
he would not,however, wean the calf till the winter time, when she was shut up in theyard and fed on hay.
he then weaned the calf, which was a cow-calf, andthey had no more trouble with the mother.
alice soon learnt to milkher, and she became very tractable and good-tempered.
such was thecommencement of the dairy at the cottage.
"jacob," said humphrey, "when do you go to lymington again?"
"why, i do not know.
the end of august, as it is now, and the month ofseptember, is not good for venison; and, therefore, i do not see what ishall have to go for."
"well, i wish, when you do go, you would get something for alice andsomething for me."
"and what is it that alice wants?"
"she wants a kitten."
"well, i think i may find that.
and what do you want, humphrey?"
"i want a dog.
smoker is yours altogether; i want a dog for myself, tobring up after my own fashion."
"well, i ought to look-out for another dog: although smoker is not old,yet one ought to have two dogs to one's gun, in case of accident."
"i think so too," replied edward; "see if you can get two puppies, onefor humphrey, and one for myself."
"well, i must not go to lymington for them.
i must cross the forest, tosee some friends of mine whom i have not seen for a long while, and imay get some of the right sort of puppies there, just like smoker.
i'lldo that at once, as i may have to wait for them, even if i do have thepromise."
"may i go with you, jacob?"
"why, i would rather not; they may ask questions."
"and so would i rather he would not, for he will shirk his work here."
"why, what is there to do, humphrey?"
"plenty to do, and hard work, edward; the acorns are fit for beatingdown, and we want a great many bushels for the pigs.
we have to fattenthree, and to feed the rest during the winter.
i cannot get on wellwith only alice and edith; so if you are not very lazy, you will staywith us and help us."
"humphrey, you think of nothing but your pigs and farm-yard."
"and you are too great a hunter to think of anything but a stag; but abird in the hand's worth two in the bush, in my opinion; and i'll makemore by my farm-yard than you ever will by the forest."
"humphrey has nothing to do with the poultry and eggs, has he, edward?
they belong to edith and me and jacob shall take them to lymington andsell them for us, and get us some new clothes for sunday, for thesebegin to look rather worn--and no wonder."
"no, dearest, the poultry are yours, and i will sell them for you assoon as you please, and buy what you wish with the money," repliedjacob.
"let humphrey make all the money he can with his pigs."
"yes; and the butter belongs to me, if i make it," said alice.
"no, no," replied humphrey, "that's not fair; i find cows, and getnothing for them.
we must go halves, alice."
"well, i have no objection to that," said alice, "because you find thecows and feed them.
i made a pound of butter yesterday, just to trywhat i could do; but it's not firm, jacob.
how is that?"
"i have seen the women make butter, and know how, alice; so next time iwill be with you.
i suppose you did not wash your butter-milk well out,nor put any salt in it?"
"i did not put any salt in it."
"but you must, or the butter will not keep."
it was arranged that edward should stay at home to assist in collectingthe acorns for the pigs, and that jacob should cross the forest alone tosee after the puppies; and he set off the next morning.
he was away twodays, and then returned; said that he had a promise of two puppies, andthat he had chosen them; they were of the same breed as smoker, but theywere only a fortnight old, and could not be taken from the mother yetawhile, so that he had arranged to call again when they were three orfour months old, and able to follow him across the forest.
jacob alsosaid that he was very near being hurt by a stag that had made at him--for at that season of the year the stags were very dangerous andfierce--but that he had fired, and struck off one of the animal's horns,which made it turn.
"you must be careful, edward, how you go about the forest now."
"i have no wish to go," replied edward; "as we cannot hunt, it is nouse; but in november we shall begin again."
"yes," replied jacob, "that will be soon enough.
to-morrow i will helpyou with the acorns, and the day afterwards, if i am spared, i will takealice's poultry to lymington for her."
"yes, and when you come back you will help me to churn, for then i shallhave a good deal of cream."
"and don't forget to buy the kitten, jacob," said edith.
"what's the good of a kitten?"
said humphrey, who was very busy making abird-cage for edith, having just finished one for alice; "she will onlysteal your cream and eat up your birds."
"no, she won't; for we'll shut the door fast where the milk and creamis, and we'll hang the cages so high that miss puss won't be able to getat them."
"well, then, a kitten will be useful," said edward, "for she will teachyou to be careful."
"my coat is a little the worse for wear, and so is yours, edward.
wemust try if we cannot, like alice, find means to pay for another."
"humphrey," said jacob, "i'll buy all you want, and trust to you forpaying me again as soon as you can."
"that's just what i want," replied humphrey.
"then you must buy me agun and a new suit of clothes first; when i've paid for them i shallwant some more tools, and some nails and screws, and two or three otherthings; but i will say nothing about them just now.
get me my gun, andi'll try what the forest will do for me--especially after i have mydog."
"well, we shall see; perhaps you'll like to come out with me sometimesand learn woodcraft, for edward knows as much as i do now, and can goout by himself."
"of course i will, jacob; i want to learn everything."
"well, there's a little money left in the bag yet, and i will go tolymington to-morrow.
now i think it is time that we went to bed; and ifyou are all as tired as i am, you will sleep soundly."
jacob put into the cart the next day about forty of the chickens whichalice had reared; the others were kept to increase the number in thepoultry-yard.
they had cost little or nothing bringing up; for whenquite young they only had a little oatmeal cake, and afterwards, withthe potatoes which were left, they found themselves, as fowls can alwaysdo when they have a great range of ground to go over.
jacob came back at sunset, with all the articles.
he brought a new suitfor alice and edith, with some needles and thread and worsted, and gaveher some money which was left from the sale of the chickens, after hehad made the purchases.
he also bought a new suit for edward andhumphrey, and a gun, which was much approved of by humphrey, as it had alarger bore and carried a heavier bullet than either jacob's or edward'sand there was a white kitten for alice and edith.
there was no news,only that the levellers had opposed cromwell, and he had put them downwith the other troops, and jacob said that it appeared that they wereall squabbling and fighting with each other.
time passed; the month of november came on without anything to disturbthe daily employments of the family in the forest: when one eveningjacob, who had returned from hunting with edward (the first time theyhad been out since the season commenced), told alice that she must doall she could to give them a good dinner the next day, as it was to be afeast.
"why so, jacob?"
"if you cannot guess, i won't tell you till the time comes," repliedjacob.
"well then, humphrey must help us," replied alice, "and we will do whatwe can.
i will try, now that we have some meat, to make a granddinner."
alice made all the preparations, and had for dinner the next day a pieceof baked venison, a venison stew, a pair of roast chickens, and anapple-pie--which, for them, was a very grand dinner indeed.
and it wasvery well-dressed; for jacob had taught her to cook, and by degrees sheimproved upon jacob's instruction.
humphrey was quite as clever at itas she was; and little edith was very useful, as she plucked the fowls,and watched the things while they were cooking.
"and now i'll tell you," said jacob, after saying grace, "why i askedyou for a feast this day.
it is because exactly on this day twelvemonthi brought you all to the cottage.
now you know."
"i did not know it certainly, but i daresay you are right," repliededward.
"and now, children, tell me," said jacob, "has not this year passed veryquickly and very happily--quite as quickly and quite as happily as ifyou had been staying at arnwood?"
"yes, more so," replied humphrey; "for then very often i did not knowwhat to do to amuse myself, and since i have been here the days havealways been too short."
"i agree with humphrey," said edward.
"and i am sure i do," replied alice; "i'm always busy, and always happy,and i'm never scolded about dirtying my clothes or tearing them, as iused to be."
"and what does little edith say?"
"i like to help alice, and i like to play with the kitten," repliededith.
"well, my children," said jacob, "depend upon it, you are most happywhen your days pass quickest, and that is only the case when you haveplenty to do.
here you are in peace and safety; and may it please godthat you may continue so!
we want very few things in this world--thatis, we really want very few things, although we wish and sigh for many.
you have health and spirits, which are the greatest blessings in life.
who would believe, to look at you all, that you were the same childrenthat i brought away from arnwood?
you were then very different fromwhat you are now.
you are strong and healthy, rosy and brown, insteadof being fair and delicate.
look at your sisters, edward, do you thinkthat any of your former friends--do you think that martha, who had thecare of them, would know them?"
edward smiled and said, "certainly not; especially in their presentdresses."
"nor would, i think, humphrey be known again.
you, edward, were alwaysa stout boy; and, except that you have grown very much, and are morebrown, there is no great difference.
you would be known again, even inyour present forester's dress; but what i say is, that we ought to bethankful to the almighty that you, instead of being burnt in your beds,have found health and happiness and security in a forester's hut; and iought to be, and am, most thankful to heaven that it has pleased it tospare my life, and enable me to teach you all to the present how to gainyour own livelihoods after i am called away.
i have been able so far tofulfil my promise to your noble father; and you know not what a heavyload on my mind is every day lessened, as i see each day that you aremore and more able to provide for yourselves.
god bless you, dearchildren, and may you live to see many returns, and happy returns, ofthe day;" and jacob was so much moved as he said this, that a tear wasseen rolling down his furrowed cheek.
the second winter now came on.
jacob and edward went out huntingusually about twice a week; for the old forester complained of stiffnessand rheumatism, and not feeling so active as he used to be.
humphreynow accompanied edward perhaps one day in the week, but not more, andthey seldom returned without having procured venison, for edward knewhis business well, and no longer needed the advice of jacob.
as thewinter advanced jacob gave up going out altogether.
he went tolymington to sell the venison and procure what was necessary for thehousehold; such as oatmeal and flour, which were the principal wants;but even these journeys fatigued him, and it was evident that the oldman's constitution was breaking fast.
humphrey was always busy.
oneevening he was making something which puzzled them all.
they asked himwhat it was for, but he would not tell them.
"it's an experiment that i am trying," said he, as he was bending ahazel stick.
"if it answers, you shall know: if it does not, i've onlyhad a little trouble for nothing.
jacob, i hope you will not forget thesalt to-morrow when you go to lymington, for my pigs are ready forkilling, and we must salt the greatest part of the pork.
after the legsand shoulders have lain long enough in salt, i mean to try if i cannotsmoke them, and if i do, i'll then smoke some bacon.
won't that bejolly, alice?
won't you like to have a great piece of bacon hanging upthere, and only to have to get on a stool to cut off what you want, whenedward and i come home hungry and you've nothing to give us to eat?"
"i shall be very glad to have it, and i think so will you too, by theway you talk."
"i shall, i assure you.
jacob, didn't you say the ash-sticks were thebest to smoke bacon with?"
"yes, boy: when you are ready, i'll tell you how to manage.
my poormother used to smoke very well up this very chimney."
"i think that will do," said humphrey, letting his hazel stick springup, after he had bent it down, "but to-morrow i shall find out."
"but what is it for, humphrey?"
"go away, puss, and play with your kitten," replied humphrey, puttingaway his tools and his materials in a corner; "i've a great deal on myhands now, but i must kill my pigs before i think of anything else."
the next day jacob took the venison into lymington, and brought back thesalt and other articles required.
the pigs were then killed, and salteddown under jacob's directions; his rheumatism did not allow him toassist, but humphrey and edward rubbed in the salt, and alice took thepieces of pork away to the tub when they were finished.
humphrey hadbeen out the day before with the unknown article he had been so longabout.
the next morning he went out early before breakfast, and when hereturned he brought a hare in his hand, which he laid on the table.
"there," said he, "my springe has answered, and this is the fruits ofit.
now i'll make some more, and we will have something by way of achange for dinner."
they were very much pleased with humphrey's success, and he was not alittle proud of it.
"how did you find out how to make it?"
"why, i read in the old book of travels which jacob brought home withhim last summer, of people catching rabbits and hares in some way likethis; i could not make it out exactly, but it gave me the idea."
we ought to have told the reader that jacob had more than once broughthome an old book or two which he had picked up, or had given him, andthat these had been occasionally looked into by humphrey and edward, butonly now and then, as they had too much to do to find much time forreading, although sometimes in the evening they did take them up.
whenit is considered how young they were, and what a practical and busy lifethey led, this cannot be surprising.
humphrey was now after something else.
he had made several traps, andbrought in rabbits and hares almost every day.
he had also made somebird traps, and had caught two gold-finches for alice and edith, whichthey put in the cages he had made for them.
but, as we said, humphreywas about something else; he was out early in the morning, and in theevening, when the moon was up, he came home late, long after they hadall gone to bed; but they never knew why, nor would he tell them.
aheavy fall of snow took place, and humphrey was more out than ever.
atlast, about a week after the snow had lain on the ground, one morning hecame in with a hare and rabbit in his hand, and said:"edward, i have caught something larger than a hare or a rabbit, and youmust come and help me, and we must take our guns.
jacob, i suppose yourrheumatism is too bad to let you come too?"
"no; i think i can manage.
it's the damp that hurts me so much.
thisfrosty air will do me good, perhaps.
i have been much better since thesnow fell.
now, then, let us see what you have caught."
"you will have to walk two miles," said humphrey, as they went out.
"i can manage it, humphrey; so lead the way."
humphrey went on till they came close to a clump of large trees, andthen brought them to a pit-fall which he had dug, about six feet wideand eight feet long, and nine feet deep.
"there's my large trap," said humphrey, "and see what i have caught init."
they looked down into the pit and perceived a young bull in it.
smoker,who was with them, began to bark furiously at it.
"now, what are we to do?
i don't think it is hurt.
can we get it out?"
"no, not very well.
if it was a calf we might; but it is too heavy; andif we were to get it out alive, we must kill it afterwards, so we hadbetter shoot it at once."
"so i think," replied humphrey.
"but how did you catch him?"
"i read of it in the same book i did about the traps for hares," repliedhumphrey.
"i dug out the pit and covered it with brambles, and then putsnow at the top.
this is the thicket that the herd comes to chiefly inwinter time; it is large and dry, and the large trees shelter it; sothat is why i chose this spot.
i took a large bundle of hay, put someon the snow about the pit, and then strewed some more about in smallhandfuls, so that the cattle must find it and pick it up, which i knewthey would be glad to do, now that the snow is on the ground.
and now,you see, i have succeeded."
"well, humphrey, you beat us, i will say," said edward.
"shall i shoothim?"
"yes, now that he is looking up."
edward shot his ball through the forehead of the animal, which felldead; but they were then obliged to go home for the pony and cart, andropes to get the animal out of the pit, and a hard job they had of ittoo; but the pony helped them, and they did get it out at last.
"i will do it easier next time," said humphrey.
"i will make a windlassas soon as i can, and we will soon hoist out another, like they turn abucket of water up from a well."
"it's nice young meat," said jacob, who was skinning the bull, "notabove eighteen months old, i should think.
had it been a full-grownone, like that we shot, it must have remained where it was, for we nevercould have got it out."
"yes, jacob, we should; for i should have gone down and cut it up in thepit, so that we would have handed it out by bits, if we could not havemanaged him whole."
they loaded the cart with the skin and quarters of the animal, and thendrove home.
"this will go far to pay for the gun, humphrey," said jacob, "if itdon't pay for more."
"i'm glad of it," said humphrey; "but i hope it will not be the lastwhich i take."
"that reminds me, humphrey, of one thing; i think you must come backwith the cart and carry away all the entrails of the beast, and removeall the blood which is on the snow, for i've observed that cattle arevery scared with the smell and sight of blood.
i found that out by onceor twice seeing them come to where i have cut the throat of a stag, andas soon as they have put their noses down to where the blood was on theground they have put their tails up and galloped away, bellowing at aterrible rate.
indeed i've heard say that if a murder has beencommitted in a wood, and you want to find the body, that a herd ofcattle drove into it will serve you better than even a bloodhound."
"thank you for telling me that, jacob, for i should never have supposedit; and i'll tell you what i'll also do.
i'll load the cart with fernlitter, and put it at the bottom of the pit; so that if i could get aheifer or calf worth taking, it may not be hurt by the fall."
"it must have taken you a long while to dig that pit, humphrey."
"yes, it did, and as i got deeper the work was harder, and then i had tocarry away all the earth and scatter it about.
i was more than a monthabout it from the time that i began till it was finished, and i had aladder to go up and down by at last, and carried the baskets of earthup, for it was too deep to throw it out."
"nothing like patience and perseverance, humphrey.
you've more than ihave."
"i'm sure he has more than i have, or shall ever have, i'm afraid,"replied edward.
during this winter, which passed rapidly away, very few circumstances ofany consequence occurred.
old jacob was more or less confined to thecottage by the rheumatism, and edward hunted either by himself oroccasionally with humphrey.
humphrey was fortunate enough to take abull and cow-calf in his pit-fall, both of them about a year or fifteenmonths old, and by a rude invention of his, by way of windlass,contrived, with the assistance of edward, to hoist them uninjured out ofthe pit.
they were put into the yard, and after having been starvedtill they were tamed, they followed the example of the heifer and calf,and became quite tame.
these were an important addition to their stock,as may well be imagined.
the only mishap under which they laboured was,old jacob's confinement to the cottage, which, as the winter advanced,prevented him from going to lymington; they could not therefore sell anyvenison, and humphrey, by way of experiment, smoked some venison hams,which he hung up with the others.
there was another point on which theyfelt anxiety, which was, that jacob could not cross the forest to getthe puppies which had been promised them, and the time was past, for itwas now january, when he was to have called for them.
edward andhumphrey pressed the old man very hard to let one of them go; but theonly answer they could obtain was, "that he'd be better soon."
at last,finding that he got worse instead of better, he consented that edwardshould go.
he gave directions how to proceed, the way he was to take,and a description of the keeper's lodge; cautioned him to call himselfby the name of armitage, and describe himself as his grandson.
edwardpromised to obey jacob's directions, and the next morning he set off,mounted upon white billy, with a little money in his pocket, in case heshould want it.
"i wish i was going with you," said humphrey, as he walked by the sideof the pony.
"i wish you were, humphrey: for my part, i feel as if i were a slave setat liberty.
i do justice to old jacob's kindness and good-will, andacknowledge how much we are indebted to him; but still, to be housed uphere in the forest, never seeing or speaking to any one, shut out fromthe world, does not suit edward beverley.
our father was a soldier, anda right good one; and if i were old enough i think even now i shouldescape and join the royal party, broken as it may be, and by allaccounts is, at this moment.
deer-stalking is all very well, but i flyat higher game."
"i feel the same as you do," replied humphrey; "but recollect, edward,that the old man's very infirm, and what would become of our sisters ifwe were to leave them?"
"i know that well, humphrey; i have no idea of leaving them, you may besure; but i wish they were with our relations in safety, and then weshould be free to act."
"yes, we should, edward; but recollect that we are not yet men, and boysof fifteen and thirteen cannot do much, although they may wish to domuch."
"it's true that i am only fifteen," replied edward, "but i am strongenough, and so are you.
i think if i had a fair cut at a man's head, iwould make him stagger under it, were he as big as a buffalo.
as youngas i have been to the wars, that i know well; and i recollect my fatherpromising me that i should go with him as soon as i was fifteen."
"what puzzles me," replied humphrey, "is the fear that old jacob has ofour being seen at lymington."
"why, what fear is there?"
"i cannot tell more than you; in my opinion, the rear is only in his ownimagination.
they surely would not hurt us (if we walked about withoutarms like other people), because our father had fought for the king?
that they have beheaded some people is true; but then they were plottingin the king's favour, or in other ways opposed to parliament.
this ihave gathered from jacob: but i cannot see what we have to fear, if weremain quiet.
but now comes the question, edward; for jacob has, ibelieve, said more to me on this one subject than he has to you.
suppose you were to leave the forest, what would be the first step whichyou would take?"
"i should of course state who i was, and take possession of my father'sproperty at arnwood, which is mine by descent."
"exactly; so jacob thinks, and he says that would be your ruin, for theproperty is sequestered, as they call it, or forfeited to theparliament, in consequence of your father having fought against it onthe king's side.
it no longer belongs to you, and you would not beallowed to take it: on the contrary, you would in all probability beimprisoned, and who knows what might then take place?
you see there isdanger?"
"did jacob say this to you?"
"yes, he did: he told me he dare not speak to you on the subject, youwere so fiery; and if you heard that the property was confiscated youwould certainly do some rash act, and that anything of the kind would bea pretence for laying hold of you; and then he said that he did notthink that he would live long, for he was weaker every day; and that heonly hoped his life would be spared another year or two, that he mightkeep you quiet till better times came.
he said that if they supposedthat we were all burnt in the house when it was fired, it would givethem a fair opportunity of calling you an impostor, and treating youaccordingly; and that there were so many anxious to have a gift of theproperty that you would have thousands of people compassing your death.
he said that your making known yourself and claiming your property wouldbe the very conduct that your enemies would wish you to follow, andwould be attended with most fatal consequences; for he said, to provethat you were edward beverley, you must declare that i and your sisterswere in the forest with him, and this disclosure would put the wholefamily in the power of their bitterest enemies; and what would become ofyour sisters, it would be impossible to say; but most likely they wouldbe put under the charge of some puritan family, who would have apleasure in ill-treating and humiliating the daughters of such a man ascolonel beverley."
"and why did he not tell me all this?"
"he was afraid to say anything to you; he thought that you would be somad at the idea of this injustice that you would do something rash: andhe said, `i pray every night that my otherwise useless life may bespared; for, were i to die, i know that edward would quit the forest.'"
"never, while my sisters are under my protection," replied edward; "werethey safe, i would be out of it to-morrow."
"i think, edward, that there is great truth in what jacob says; youcould do no good (for they would not restore your property), by makingyour seclusion known at present, and you might do a great deal ofharm--`bide your time'--is good advice in such troubled times.
itherefore think that i should be very wary if i were you; but i stillthink that there is no fear of either you or i going out of the forestin our present dresses and under the name of armitage.
no one wouldrecognise us; you are grown tall, and so am i, and we are so tanned andsunburnt with air and exercise that we do look more like children of theforest than the sons of colonel beverley."
"humphrey, you speak very sensibly, and i agree with you.
i am notquite so fiery as the old man thinks; and if my bosom burns withindignation, at all events i have sufficient power to conceal myfeelings when it is necessary.
i can oppose art to art, if it becomesrequisite, and which, from what you have said, i believe now is reallyso.
one thing is certain, that while king charles is a prisoner, as henow is, and his party dispersed or gone abroad, i can do nothing, and tomake myself known would only be to injure myself and all of us.
keepquiet, therefore, i certainly shall, and also remain as i am now under afalse name; but still i must and will mix up with other people, and knowwhat is going on.
i am willing to live in this forest and protect mysisters as long as it is necessary so to do; but although i will residehere, i will not be confined to the forest altogether."
"that's exactly what i think too, edward, what i wish myself: but let usnot be too hasty even in this.
and now, i will wish you a pleasantride; and, edward, if you can, procure of the keepers some small shotfor me; i much wish to have some."
"i will not forget; good-bye, brother."
humphrey returned home to attend his farm-yard, while edward continuedhis journey through the forest.
some estimate of the character of thetwo boys may be formed from the above conversation.
edward wascourageous and impetuous--hasty in his resolves, but still open toconviction.
brought up as the heir to the property, he felt, more thanhumphrey could be expected to do, the mortification of being left apauper, after such high prospects in his early days: his vindictivefeelings against the opposite party were therefore more keen, and hisspirit mounted more under the conviction which he laboured.
hisdisposition was naturally warlike, and this disposition had beenfostered by his father when he was a child--still a kinder heart or amore generous lad never existed.
humphrey was of a much more subdued and philosophical temperament, notperhaps so well calculated to lead as to advise; there was greatprudence in him united with courage; but his was a passive couragerather than an active one--a courage which if assailed would defenditself valiantly, but would be wary and reflective before it wouldattack.
humphrey had not that spirit of chivalry possessed by edward.
he was a younger son, and had to earn, in a way, his own fortune, and hefelt that his inclinations were more for peace than strife.
moreover,humphrey had talents which edward had not--a natural talent formechanics, and an inquisitive research into science, as far as hislimited education would permit him.
he was more fitted for an engineeror an agriculturist than for a soldier, although there is no doubt thathe would have made a very brave soldier, if such was to have become hisavocation.
for kindness and generosity of nature he was equal to his brother, andthis was the reason why an angry word never passed between them; for thequestion between them was, not which should have his way, but whichshould give up most to the wishes of the other.
we hardly need say,that there never were two brothers who were more attached, and who somutually respected each other.
edward put the pony to a trot, and in two hours was on the other side ofthe new forest.
the directions given to him by jacob were notforgotten, and before it was noon he found himself at the gate of thekeeper's house.
dismounting, and hanging the bridle of the pony overthe rail he walked through a small garden, neatly kept but, so early inthe year, not over gay, except that the crocus and snow drops werepeeping.
he rapped at the door with his knuckles, and a girl of aboutfourteen, very neatly dressed, answered the summons.
"is oswald partridge at home, maiden?"
"no, young man, he is not.
he is in the forest."
"when will he return?"
"towards the evening is his time, unless he is more than usuallysuccessful."
"i have come some distance to find him," replied edward; "and it wouldvex me to return without seeing him.
has he a wife, or any one that icould speak to?"
"he has no wife; but i am willing to deliver a message."
"i am come about some dogs which he promised to jacob armitage, myrelation; but the old man is too unwell, and has been for some time, tocome himself for them, and he has sent me."
"there are dogs, young and old, large and small, in the kennels; so fardo i know, and no more."
"i fear then i must wait till his return," replied edward.
"i will speak to my father," replied the young girl, "if you will waitone moment."
in a minute or two the girl returned, saying that her father begged thathe would walk in, and he would speak with him.
edward bowed, andfollowed the young girl, who led the way to a room, in which was seateda man dressed after the fashion of the roundheads of the day.
hissteeple-crowned hat lay on the chair, with his sword beneath it.
he wassitting at a table covered with papers.
"here is the youth, father," said the girl; and having said this, shecrossed the room and took a seat by the side of the fire.
the man, orwe should rather say gentleman--for he had the appearance of one,notwithstanding the sombre and peculiar dress he wore, continued to reada letter which he had just opened; and edward, who feared himself theprisoner of a roundhead when he only expected to meet a keeper, wasfurther irritated by the neglect shown towards him by the party.
forgetting that he was, by his own assertion, not edward beverley, butthe relative of one jacob armitage, he coloured up with anger as hestood at the door.
fortunately the time that it took the other party toread through the letter gave edward also time for recollecting thedisguise under which he appeared; the colour subsided from his cheeks,and he remained in silence, occasionally meeting the look of the littlegirl, who, when their eyes met, immediately withdrew her glance.
"what is your business, young man?"
at last said the gentleman at thetable.
"i came, sir, on private business with the keeper, oswald partridge, toobtain two young hounds, which he promised to my grandfather, jacobarmitage."
said the other party, referring to a list on the table;"armitage--jacob--yes--i see he is one of the verderers.
why has he notbeen here to call upon me?"
"for what reason should he call upon you, sir?"
"simply, young man, because the new forest is, by the parliament,committed to my charge.
notice has been given for all those who wereemployed to come here, that they might be permitted to remain, or hedischarged, as i may deem most advisable."
"jacob armitage has heard nothing of this, sir," replied edward.
"hewas a keeper, appointed under the king; for two or three years hisallowances have never been paid, and he has lived in his own cottage,which was left to him by his father, being his own property."
"and pray, may i ask, young man, do you live with jacob armitage?"
"i have done so for more than a year."
"and as your relation has received no pay and allowances, as you state,pray, by what means has he maintained himself?"
"how have the other keepers maintained themselves?"
"do not put questions to me, sir," replied the gentleman; "but bepleased to reply to mine.
what has been the means of subsistence ofjacob armitage?"
"if you think he has no means of subsistence, sir, you are mistaken,"replied edward.
"we have land of our own, which we cultivate; we haveour pony and our cart; we have our pigs and our cows."
"and they have been sufficient?"
"had the patriarchs more?"
"you are pithy at reply, young man; but i know something of jacobarmitage, and we know," continued he, putting his finger close to somewriting opposite the name on the list, "with whom he has beenassociated, and with whom he has served.
now allow me to put onequestion.
you have come, you say, for two young hounds.
are theirservices required for your pigs and cows, and to what use are they to beput?"
"we have as good a dog as there is in the forest," replied edward, "butwe wish to have others, in case we should lose him."
"as good a dog as in the forest--good for what?"
"then you acknowledge that you do hunt?"
"i acknowledge nothing for jacob armitage, he may answer for himself,"replied edward; "but allow me to assure you that if he has killedvenison no one can blame him."
"perhaps you will explain why?"
"nothing is more easy.
jacob armitage served king charles, who employedhim as a verderer in the forest, and paid him his wages.
those whoshould not have done so rebelled against the king, took his authorityfrom him, and the means of paying those he employed.
they were stillservants of the king, for they were not dismissed; and, having no othermeans of support, they considered that their good master would be buttoo happy that they should support themselves by killing, for theirsubsistence, that venison which they could no longer preserve for himwithout eating some themselves."
"then you admit that jacob armitage has killed the deer in the forest?"
"i admit nothing for jacob armitage."
"you admit that you have killed it yourself."
"i shall not answer that question, sir; in the first place, i am nothere to criminate myself; and, in the next, i must know by whatauthority you have the right to inquire."
"young man," replied the other in a severe tone, "if you wish to know myauthority, malapert as you are (at this remark edward started, yet,recollecting himself he compressed his lips and stood still), this is mycommission, appointing me the agent of parliament to take charge andsuperintend the new forest, with power to appoint and dismiss those whomi please.
i presume you must take my word for it, as you cannot readand write."
edward stepped up to the table, and very quietly took up the paper andread it.
"you have stated what is correct, sir," said he, laying itdown; "and the date of it is, i perceive, on the 20th of the last monthof december.
it is, therefore, but eighteen days old."
"and what inference would you draw from that, young man?"
replied thegentleman, looking up to him with some astonishment.
"simply this, sir--that jacob armitage has been laid up with therheumatism for three months, during which time he certainly has notkilled any venison.
now, sir, until the parliament took the forest intotheir hands, it undoubtedly belonged to his majesty, if it does not now;therefore jacob armitage, for whatever slaughter he may have committed,is, up to the present, only answerable to his sovereign, king charles."
"it is easy to perceive the school in which you have been brought up,young man, even if there was not evidence on this paper that yourforefather served under the cavalier colonel beverley, and has broughtyou up to his way of thinking."
"sir, it is a base dog that bites the hand that feeds him," repliededward with warmth.
"jacob armitage, and his father before him, wereretainers in the family of colonel beverley; they were indebted to himfor the situation they now hold in the forest; indebted to him foreverything; they revere his name, they uphold the cause for which hefell, as i _do_."
"young man, if you do not speak advisedly, at all events you speakgratefully; neither have i a word of disrespect to offer to the memoryof colonel beverley, who was a gallant man, and true to the cause whichhe espoused, although it was not a holy one; but in my position, icannot, in justice to those whom i serve, give places and emolument tothose who have been, and still are, as i may judge by your expressions,adverse to the present government."
"sir," replied edward, "your language, with respect to colonel beverley,has made me feel respect for you, which i confess i did not at first;what you say is very just; not that i think you harm jacob armitage; as,in the first place, i know that he would not serve under you; and, inthe next, that he is too old and infirm to hold the situation; neitherhas he occasion for it, as his cottage and land are his own, and youcannot remove him."
"he has the title, i presume?"
replied the gentleman.
"he has the title given to his grandfather, long before king charles wasborn, and i presume the parliament do not intend to invalidate the actsof former kings."
"may i inquire what relation you are to jacob armitage?"
"i believe, i have before said, his grandson."
"you live with him?"
"and if the old man dies, will inherit his property?"
edward smiled,and looking at the young girl, said, "now, i ask you, maiden, if yourfather does not presume upon his office?"
the young girl laughed, and said, "he is in authority."
"not over me, certainly, and not over my grandfather, for he hasdismissed him."
"were you brought up at the cottage, young man?"
"no, sir, i was brought up at arnwood.
i was a playmate of the childrenof colonel beverley."
"educated with them?"
"yes, for, as far as my wilfulness would permit, the chaplain was alwaysready to give me instruction."
"where were you when arnwood was burnt down?"
"i was at the cottage at that time," replied edward, grinding his teethand looking wildly.
"nay, nay, i can forgive any expression of feeling on your part, myyoung man, when that dreadful and disgraceful deed is brought to yourmemory.
it was a stain that can never be effaced--a deed mostdiabolical, and what we thought would call down the vengeance of heaven.
if prayers could avert, or did avert it, they were not wanting on ourside."
edward remained silent: this admission on the part of the roundheadprevented an explosion on his part.
he felt that all were not so bad ashe had imagined.
after a long pause, he said, "when i came here, sir,it was to seek oswald partridge, and obtain the hounds which he hadpromised us; but i presume that my journey is now useless."
"because you have the control of the forest, and will not permit dogsfor the chase to be given away to those who are not employed by thepowers that now govern."
"you have judged correctly, in so far that my duty is to prevent it; butas the promise was made previous to the date of my commission, ipresume," said he, smiling, "you think i have no right to interfere, asit will be an _ex post facto_ case, if i do: i shall not thereforeinterfere, only i must point out to you that the laws are still the samerelative to those who take the deer in the forest by stealth--youunderstand me?"
"yes, sir, i do; and if you will not be offended, i will give you acandid reply."
"i consider that the deer in this forest belong to king charles, who ismy lawful sovereign, and i own no authority but from him.
i hold myselfanswerable to him alone for any deer i may kill, and i feel sure of hispermission and full forgiveness for what i may do."
"that may be your opinion, my good sir, but it will not be the opinionof the ruling powers; but if caught, you will be punished, and that byme, in pursuance of the authority vested in me."
"well, sir; if so, so be it.
you have dismissed the armitages onaccount of their upholding the king, and you cannot, therefore, besurprised that they uphold him more than ever.
nor can you be surprisedif a dismissed verderer becomes a poacher."
"nor can you be surprised if a poacher is caught, that he incurs thepenalty," replied the roundhead.
"so now there's an end of ourargument.
if you go into the kitchen, you will find wherewithal torefresh the outward man, and if you wish to remain till oswald partridgecomes home, you are welcome."
edward, who felt indignant at being dismissed to the kitchen, nodded hishead and smiled upon the little girl, and left the room.
"well,"thought he, as he went along the passage, "i came here for two puppies,and i have found a roundhead.
i don't know how it is, but i am not soangry with him as i thought i should be.
that little girl had a nicesmile--she was quite handsome when she smiled.
oh, this is the kitchen,to which," thought he, "the lord of arnwood is dismissed by a covenanterand roundhead, probably a tradesman or outlaw, who has served the cause.
well, be it so; as humphrey says, `i'll bide my time.'
but there is noone here, so i'll try if there is a stable for white billy, who istired, i presume, of being at the gate."
edward returned by the way he came, went out of the front door, andthrough the garden to where the pony was made fast, and led him away insearch of a stable.
he found one behind the house, and filling the rackwith hay, returned to the house, and seated himself at a porch which wasat the door which led to the back premises, for the keeper's house waslarge and commodious.
edward was in deep thought, when he was roused bythe little girl, the daughter of the newly-appointed intendant of theforest, who said:"i am afraid, young sir, you have had but sorry welcome in the kitchen,as there was no one to receive you.
i was not aware that phoebe hadgone out.
if you will come with me, i may, perhaps, find yourefreshment."
"thanks, maiden, you are kind and considerate to an avowed poacher,"replied edward.
"oh, but you will not poach, i'm sure; and if you do, i'll beg you offif i can," replied the girl, laughing.
edward followed her into the kitchen, and she soon produced a cold fowland a venison pasty, which she placed on the table; she then went outand returned with a jug of ale.
"there," said she, putting it on the table, "that is all that i canfind."
"your father's name is heatherstone, i believe.
it was so on thewarrant."
"yes, it is."
"the same as my father's, i should presume."
"yes, but your baptismal name?"
"you ask strange questions, young sir; but still i will answer you that:my baptismal name is patience."
"i thank you for your condescension," replied edward.
"you live here?"
"for the present, good sir; and now i leave you."
"that's a nice little girl," thought edward, "although she is thedaughter of a roundhead; and she calls me `sir.'
i cannot, therefore,look like jacob's grandson, and must be careful."
edward then set towith a good appetite at the viands which had been placed before him, andhad just finished a hearty meal when patience heatherstone again came inand said:"oswald partridge is now coming home."
"i thank you, maiden," replied edward.
"may i ask a question of you?
where is the king now?"
"i have heard that he resides at hurst castle," replied the girl; "but,"added she in a low tone, "all attempts to see him would be useless, andonly hurt him and those who made the attempt."
having said this sheleft the room.
edward, having finished his meal, and had a good pull at the jug of ale,which was a liquor he had not tasted for a long while, rose from thetable and went out of the back door and found there oswald partridge.
he accosted him, stating the reason for his coming over to him.
"i didnot know that jacob had a grandson; indeed, i never knew that he had ason.
have you been living with him long?"
"more than a year," replied edward; "before that i was in the householdat arnwood."
"then you are of the king's side, i presume?"
"to death," replied edward, "when the time comes."
"and i am also; that you may suppose, for never would i give a hound toany one that was not.
but we had better go to the kennels; dogs mayhear, but they can't repeat."
"i little thought to have met any one but you here when i came," saidedward; "and i will now tell you all that passed between me and the newintendant."
edward then related the conversation.
"you have been bold," said oswald--"but perhaps it is all the better--iam to retain my situation, and so are two others: but there are many newhands coming in as rangers.
i know nothing of them but that they arelittle fitted for their places; and rail against the king all day long,which i suppose is their chief merit in the eyes of those who appointthem.
however, one thing is certain, that if those fellows cannot stalka deer themselves, they will do all they can to prevent others; so youmust be on the alert, for the punishment is severe."
"i fear them not; the only difficulty is, that we shall not be able tofind a sale for the venison now," replied edward.
"oh, never fear that; i will give you the names of those who will takeall your venison off your hands without any risk on your part, except inthe killing of it.
they will meet you in the park, lay down readymoney, and take it away.
i don't know, but i have an idea that this newintendant, or what you may call him, is not so severe as he pretends tobe.
indeed, his permitting you to say what he did, and his own wordsrelative to the colonel, convince me that i am right in the opinion thati formed."
"do you know who he is?"
"not much about him, but he is a great friend of general cromwell's, andthey say has done good service to the parliamentary cause; but we shallmeet again, for the forest is free, at all events."
"if you come here," continued oswald, "do not carry your gun, and seethat you are not watched home.
there are the dogs for your grandfather.
why, how old must you be, for jacob is not more than sixty, orthereabout?"
"i am fifteen past, nevertheless."
"i should have put you down for eighteen or nineteen at least.
you arewell grown indeed for that age.
well, nothing like a forest life toturn a boy into a man!
can you stalk a deer?"
"i seldom go out without bringing one down."
that jacob is a master of his craft is certain.
but you areyoung to have learnt it so soon.
can you tell the slot of a brocketfrom a stag?"
"yes, and the slot of a brocket from a doe."
we must go out together; and besides, i must know wherethe old man's cottage is (for i do not exactly); in the first place,because i may want to come to you, and in the next, that i may putothers on a false scent.--do you know the clump of large oaks, whichthey call the clump royal?"
"yes, i do."
"will you meet me there the day after to-morrow, at early dawn?"
"if i live and do well."
take the dogs in the leashes, and go away now."
"many thanks; but i must not leave the pony; he is in the stable."
the keeper nodded adieu to edward, who left him to go to the stable forthe pony.
edward saddled white billy, and rode away across the forestwith the dogs trotting at the pony's heels.
edward had much to reflect upon as he rode back to the cottage.
he feltthat his position was one of more difficulty than before.
that oldjacob armitage would not last much longer he was convinced; even now thepoor old man was shrunk away to a skeleton with pain and disease.
thatthe livelihood to be procured from the forest would be attended withperil, now that order had been restored and the forest was no longerneglected, was certain; and he rejoiced that humphrey had, by hisassiduity and intelligence, made the farm so profitable as it promisedto be.
indeed he felt that, if necessary, they could live upon theproceeds of the farm, and not run the risk of imprisonment by stalkingthe deer.
but he had told the intendant that he considered the game asthe king's property, and he was resolved that he would at all events runthe risk, although he would no longer permit humphrey so to do.
"ifanything happens to me," thought edward, "humphrey will still be at thecottage to take care of my sisters; and if i am obliged to fly thecountry, it will suit well my feelings, as i can then offer my servicesto those who still support the king."
with these thoughts, and manyothers, he amused himself until, late in the evening, he arrived at thecottage.
he found all in bed except humphrey, who had waited for him,and to whom he narrated all that had passed.
humphrey said little inreply; he wished to think it over before he gave any opinion.
he toldedward that jacob had been very ill the whole of the day, and hadrequested alice to read the bible to him during the evening.
the next morning edward went to jacob, who for the last ten days hadaltogether kept his bed, and gave him the detail of what had happened atthe keeper's lodge.
"you have been more bold than prudent, edward," replied jacob; "but icould not expect you to have spoken otherwise.
you are too proud andtoo manly to tell a lie, and i am glad that it is so.
as for yourupholding the king, although he is now a prisoner in their hands, theycannot blame you or punish you for that, as long as you have not weaponsin your hands; but now that they have taken the forest under theirjurisdiction, you must be careful, for they are the ruling powers atpresent, and must be obeyed, or the forfeit must be paid.
still i donot ask you to promise me this or that; i only point out to you thatyour sisters will suffer by any imprudence on your part; and for theirsakes be careful.
i say this, edward, because i feel that my days arenumbered, and that in a short time i shall be called away.
you willthen have all the load on your shoulders which has been latterly onmine.
i have no fear for the result, if you are prudent; these fewmonths past, during which i have only been a burden to you, have provedthat you and humphrey can find a living here for yourselves and yoursisters; and it is fortunate, now that the forest laws are about to beput in force, that you have made the farm so profitable.
if i mightadvise, let your hunting in the forest be confined to the wild cattle;they are not game, and the forest laws do not extend to them, and themeat is as valuable as venison; that is to say, it does not sell sodear, but there is more of it; but stick to the farm as much as you can;for you see, edward, you do not look like a low-born forester, nor oughtyou to do so; and the more quiet you keep, the better.
as for oswaldpartridge, you may trust him; i know him well, and he will prove yourfriend for my sake, as soon as he hears that i am dead.
leave me now, iwill talk to you again in the evening.
send alice to me, my dear boy."
edward was much distressed to perceive the change which had taken placein old jacob.
he was evidently much worse; but edward had no idea howmuch worse he was.
edward assisted humphrey in the farm, and in theevening again went to jacob, and then told him of the arrangement he hadmade to meet oswald partridge on the following morning.
"go, my boy," said jacob; "be as intimate with him as you can, and makea friend of him--nay, if it should be necessary, you may tell him whoyou are; i did think of telling him myself, as it might be important toyou one day as evidence.
i think you had better bring him hereto-morrow night, edward; tell him i am dying, and wish to speak to himbefore i go.
alice will read the bible to me now, and i will talk withyou another time."
early the next morning edward set off to the appointed rendezvous withoswald partridge.
the clump royal, as it was called, from the peculiarsize and beauty of the oaks, was about seven miles from the cottage; andat the hour and time indicated edward, with his gun in his hand, andsmoker lying beside him, was leaning against one of those monarchs ofthe forest.
he did not wait long.
oswald partridge, similarlyprovided, made his appearance, and edward advanced to meet him.
"welcome, oswald," said edward.
"and welcome to you also, my fine lad," replied oswald.
"i have beenhard questioned about you since we parted--first, by the roundheadheatherstone, who plied me in all manner of ways to find out whether youare what you assert, the grandson of jacob,--or some other person.
ireally believe that he fancies you are the duke of york--but he couldnot get any more from me than what i knew.
i told him that yourgrandfather's cottage was his own property, and a grant to hisforefathers: that you were brought up at arnwood, and had joined yourgrandfather after the death of the colonel, and the murderous burning ofthe house and all within it by his party.
but the pretty littledaughter was more curious still.
she cross-questioned me in every waywhen her father was not present, and at last begged me as a favour totell you not to take the deer, as her father was very strict in hisduty, and, if caught, you would be imprisoned."
"many thanks to her for her caution, but i hope to take one to-day,nevertheless," replied edward; "a hart royal is not meat for roundheads,although the king's servants may feast on them."
"that's truly said.
well, now i must see your woodcraft.
you shall bethe leader of the chase."
"think you we can harbour a stag about here?"
"yes, in this month, no doubt."
"let us walk on," said edward.
"the wind is fresh from the easternquarter: we will face it, if you please--or rather, keep it blowing onour right cheek for the present."
"'tis well," replied oswald; and they walked for about half an hour.
"this is the slot of a doe," said edward, in a low voice, pointing tothe marks; "yonder thicket is a likely harbour for the stag."
theyproceeded, and edward pointed out to oswald the slot of the stag intothe thicket.
they then walked round, and found no marks of the animalhaving left his lair.
"he is here," whispered edward; and oswald made a sign for edward toenter the thicket, while he walked to the other side.
edward enteredthe thicket cautiously.
in the centre he perceived, through the trees,a small cleared spot, covered with high fern, and felt certain that thestag was lying there.
he forced his way on his knees till he had abetter view of the place, and then cocked his gun.
the noise inducedthe stag to move his antlers, and discover his lair.
edward could justperceive the eye of the animal through the heath; he waited till thebeast settled again, took steady aim, and fired.
at the report of thegun another stag sprung up and burst away.
oswald fired and wounded it,but the animal made off, followed by the dogs.
edward, who hardly knewwhether he had missed or not, but felt almost certain that he had not,hastened out of the thicket to join in the chase; and, as he passedthrough the fern patch, perceived that his quarry lay dead.
he thenfollowed the chase, and, being very fleet of foot, soon came up withoswald, and passed him without speaking.
the stag made for a swampyground, and finally took to the water beyond it, and stood at bay.
edward then waited for oswald, who came up with him.
"he has soiled," said edward, "and now you may go in and kill him."
oswald, eager in the chase, hastened up to where the dogs and stag werein the water, and put a bullet through the animal's head.
edward went to him, assisted him to drag the stag out of the water, andthen oswald cut its throat, and proceeded to perform the usual offices.
"how did you happen to miss him?"
said oswald, "for these are my shots?"
"because i never fired at him," said edward; "my quarry lies dead in thefern--and a fine fellow he is."
"this is a warrantable stag," said oswald.
"yes, but mine is a hart royal, as you will see when we go back."
as soon as oswald had done his work, he hung the quarters of the animalon an oak-tree, and went back with edward.
"where did you hit him, edward?"
said oswald, as they walked along.
"i could only see his eye through the fern, and i must have hit himthereabouts."
on their arrival at the spot oswald found that edward had put the ballright into the eye of the stag.
"well," said he, "you made me suppose that you knew something of ourcraft, but i did not believe that you were so apt as you thoughtyourself to be.
i now confess that you are a master, as far as i cansee, in all branches of the craft.
this is, indeed, a hart royal.
twenty-five antlers, as i live!
come, out with your knife, and let usfinish; for if we are to go to the cottage we have no time to lose.
itwill be dark in half an hour."
they hung all the quarters of the stagas before, and then set off for jacob's cottage; edward proposing thatoswald should take the cart and pony to carry the meat home the nextmorning, and that he would accompany him to bring it back.
"that will do capitally," said oswald; "and here we are, if i recollectright, and i hope there is something to eat."
"no fear of that--alice will be prepared for us," replied edward.
their dinner was ready for them; and oswald praised the cooking.
he wasmuch surprised to find that jacob had four grandchildren.
after dinnerhe went into jacob's room, and remained with him more than an hour.
during this conference jacob confided to oswald that the four childrenwere the sons and daughters of colonel beverley, supposed to have beenburnt in the firing of arnwood.
oswald came out, much surprised as wellas pleased with the information, and with the confidence reposed in him.
he saluted edward and humphrey respectfully, and said, "i was not awarewith whom i was in company, sir, as you may well imagine; but theknowledge of it has made my heart glad."
"nay, oswald," replied edward, "remember that i am still edwardarmitage, and that we are the grandchildren of old jacob."
"certainly, sir, i will, for your own sake, not forget that such is tobe supposed to be the case.
i assure you i think it very fortunate thatjacob has confided the secret to me, as it may be in my power to beuseful.
i little thought that i should ever have had my dinner cookedby a daughter of colonel beverley."
they then entered into a long conversation, during which oswaldexpressed his opinion that the old man was sinking fast, and would notlast more than three or four days.
oswald had a bed made up for him onthe floor of the room where edward and humphrey slept, and the nextmorning they set off, at an early hour, with the pony and cart, loadedit with the venison, and took it across the forest to the keeper'slodge.
it was so late when they arrived that edward consented to passthe night there, and return home on the following morning.
oswald wentinto the sitting-room to speak with the intendant of the forest, leavingedward in the kitchen with phoebe, the maidservant.
he told theintendant that he had brought home some fine venison, and wished hisorders about it.
he also stated that he had been assisted by edwardarmitage, who had brought the venison home for him in his cart, and whowas now in the kitchen, as he would be obliged to pass the night there;and, on being questioned, he was lavish in his praises of edward's skilland knowledge of woodcraft, which he declared to be superior to his own.
"it proves that the young man has had much practice, at all events,"replied mr heatherstone, smiling.
"he has been living at the king'sexpense, but he must not follow it up at the cost of the parliament.
itwould be well to take this young man as a ranger if we could; foralthough he is opposed to us, yet, if he once took our service, he wouldbe faithful, i am sure.
you can propose it to him, oswald.
thehaunches of that hart royal must be sent up to general cromwellto-morrow: the remainder we will give directions for as soon as i havemade up my mind how to dispose of it."
oswald left the room, and came back to edward.
"general cromwell is tohave the haunches of your stag," said he to edward, smiling; "and theintendant proposes that you should take service as one of the rangers."
"i thank you," replied edward, "but i've no fancy to find venison forgeneral cromwell and his roundheads; and so you may tell the intendant,with many thanks for his good-will towards me, nevertheless."
"i thought as much; but the man meant kindly, that i really think.
now,phoebe, what can you give us to eat, for we are hungry?"
"you shall be served directly," replied phoebe.
"i have some steaks onthe fire."
"and you must find a bed for my young friend here."
"i have none in the house, but there is plenty of good straw over thestables."
"that will do," replied edward; "i'm not particular."
"i suppose not.
why should you be?"
replied phoebe, who was rather oldand rather cross.
"if you mount the ladder that you will see againstthe wall, you will find a good bed when you are at the top of it."
oswald was about to remonstrate, but edward held up his finger, and nomore was said.
as soon as they had finished their supper phoebe proposed that theyshould go to bed.
it was late, and she would sit up no longer.
edwardrose and went out, followed by oswald, who had given up the keeper'shouse to the intendant and his daughter, and slept in the cottage of oneof the rangers, about a quarter of a mile off.
after some conversationthey shook hands and parted, as edward intended returning very early thenext morning, being anxious about old jacob.
edward went up the ladder into the loft.
there was no door to shut outthe wind, which blew piercingly cold, and after a time he found himselfso chilled that he could not sleep.
he rose to see if he could not findsome protection from the wind by getting more into a corner; foralthough phoebe had told him that there was plenty of straw, it provedthat there was very little indeed in the loft, barely enough to lie downupon.
edward, after a time, descended the ladder to walk in the yard,that by exercise he might recover the use of his limbs.
at last,turning to and fro, he cast his eyes up to the window of the bedroomabove the kitchen, where he perceived a light was still burning.
hethought it was phoebe, the maid, going to bed; and with no very graciousfeelings towards her for having deprived him of his own night's rest, hewas wishing that she might have the toothache or something else to keepher awake, when suddenly through the white window curtain he perceived abroad light in the room--it increased every moment--and he saw thefigure of a female rush past it, and attempt to open the window--thedrawing of the curtains showed him that the room was on fire.
amoment's thought, and he ran for the ladder by which he had ascended tothe loft, and placed it against the window.
the flames were lessbright, and he could not see the female who had been at the window whenhe went for the ladder.
he ascended quickly, and burst open thecasement--the smoke poured out in such volumes that it nearly suffocatedhim, but he went in; and as soon as he was inside, he stumbled againstthe body of the person who had attempted to open the window, but who hadfallen down senseless.
as he raised the body, the fire, which had beensmothered from want of air when all the windows and doors were closed,now burst out, and he was scorched before he could get on the ladderagain, with the body in his arms; but he succeeded in getting it downsafe.
perceiving that the clothes were on fire, he held them till theywere extinguished, and then, for the first time, discovered that he hadbrought down the daughter of the intendant of the forest.
there was notime to be lost, so edward carried her into the stable and left herthere, still insensible, upon the straw, in a spare stall; while hehastened to alarm the house.
the watering-butt for the horses wasoutside the stable; edward caught up the pail, filled it, and hasteningup the ladder, threw it into the room, and then descended for more.
by this time edward's continual calls of "fire!
had aroused thepeople of the house, and also of the cottages adjacent.
mrheatherstone came out half dressed, and with horror on his countenance.
phoebe followed screaming, and the other people now hastened from thecottages.
my daughter is in the room!"
exclaimed mr heatherstone.
"oh, save her, or let me do so!"
cried the poor man in agony; but thefire burst out of the window in such force, that any attempt would havebeen in vain.
"oswald," cried edward to him, "let the people pass the water up to meas fast as possible.
they can do no good by looking on."
oswald set the men to the work, and edward was now supplied with waterso fast that the fire began to diminish.
the window was nowapproachable, and a few more buckets enabled him to put one foot intothe room, and then every moment the flames and smoke decreased.
meanwhile it would be impossible to describe the agony of the intendant,who would have rushed up the ladder into the flames had he not been heldby some of the men.
my child!--burnt--burnt to death!"
exclaimed he, clasping his hands.
at that moment a voice in the crowd called out, "there were four burntat arnwood!"
"god of heaven!"
exclaimed mr heatherstone, falling down into a swoon,in which state he was carried to a neighbouring cottage.
meanwhile the supply of water enabled edward to put out the firealtogether; the furniture of the room was burnt, but the fire hadextended no farther; and when edward was satisfied that there was nomore danger, he descended the ladder, and left it to others to see thatall was safe.
he then called oswald to him, and desired that he wouldaccompany him to the stable.
"oh sir," replied oswald, "this is dreadful!
and such a sweet younglady too."
"she is safe and well," replied edward; "i think so, at least.
ibrought her down the ladder and put her in the stable before i attemptedto put out the fire.
see, there she is; she has not recovered yet fromher swoon.
bring some water.
there, thatwill do, oswald, she is recovering.
now let us cover her up in yourcloak, and carry her to your cottage.
we will recover her there."
oswald folded up the still unconscious girl in his cloak, and carriedher away in his arms, followed by edward.
as soon as they arrived at the cottage, the inmates of which were allbusy at the keeper's lodge, they put her on a bed, and very soonrestored her to consciousness.
"where is my father?"
cried patience, as soon as she was sufficientlyrecovered.
"he is safe and well, miss," replied oswald.
"is the house burnt down?"
the fire is all out again."
"who saved me?
"young armitage, miss."
"who is he?
oh, i recollect now; but i must go to my father.
"in the other cottage, miss."
patience attempted to stand, but found that she was too much exhausted,and she fell back again on the bed.
"i can't stand," said she.
"bringmy father to me."
"i will, miss," replied oswald.
"will you stay here, edward?"
"yes," replied edward.
he went out of the cottage-door, and remainedthere while oswald went to mr heatherstone.
oswald found him sensible, but in deep distress, as may be imagined.
"the fire is all out, sir," said oswald.
"i care not for that.
my poor, poor child!"
"your child is safe, sir," replied oswald.
"safe, did you say?"
cried mr heatherstone, starting up.
"in my cottage.
she has sent me for you."
mr heatherstone rushed out, passed by edward, who was standing at thedoor of the other cottage, and was in his daughter's arms.
oswald cameout to edward, who then detailed to him the way in which he had savedthe girl.
"had it not been for the ill-nature of that girl phoebe, in sending meto sleep where there was no straw, they would all have been burnt,"observed edward.
"she gave you an opportunity of rewarding good for evil," observedoswald.
"yes, but i am burnt very much in my arm," said edward.
"have youanything that will be good for it?"
"yes, i think i have: wait a moment."
oswald went into the cottage and returned with some salve, with which hedressed edward's arm, which proved to be very severely burnt.
"how grateful the intendant ought to be--and will be, i have no doubt!"
"and for that very reason i shall saddle my pony and ride home as fastas i can; and, do you hear, oswald, do not show him where i live."
"i hardly know how i can refuse him, if he requires it."
"but you must not.
he will be offering me a situation in the forest, byway of showing his gratitude; and i will accept of none.
i have noobjection to save his daughter, as i would save the daughter of my worstenemy, or my worst enemy himself, from such a dreadful death; but i donot want their thanks or offers of service.
i will accept nothing froma roundhead; and as for the venison in the forest, it belongs to theking, and i shall help myself whenever i think proper.
good-bye,oswald, you will call and see us when you have time?"
"i will be with you before the week is out, depend upon it," repliedoswald.
edward then asked oswald to saddle his pony for him, as his armprevented him from doing it himself, and as soon as it was done he rodeaway for the cottage.
edward rode fast, for he was anxious to get home and ascertain the stateof poor old jacob; and, moreover, his burnt arm was very painful.
hewas met by humphrey about a mile from the cottage, who told him that hedid not think that the old man could last many hours, and that he wasvery anxious to see him.
as the pony was quite tired with the fast pacethat edward had ridden, edward pulled up to a walk, and as they wentalong acquainted humphrey with what had passed.
"is your arm very painful?"
"yes, it is indeed," replied edward; "but it can't be helped."
"no, of course not, but it may be made more easy.
i know what will doit some good; for i recollect when benjamin burnt his hand at arnwood,what they applied to it, and it gave him great relief."
"yes, very likely; but i am not aware that we have any drugs or medicinein the cottage.
but here we are: will you take billy to the stable,while i go on to old jacob?"
"thank god that you are come, edward," said the old forester, "for i wasanxious to see you before i die; and something tells me that i have buta short time to remain here."
"why should you say so!--do you feel very ill?"
"no, not ill; but i feel that i am sinking fast.
recollect that i am anold man, edward."
"not so very old, jacob; oswald said that you were not more than sixtyyears old."
"oswald knows nothing about it.
i am past seventy six, edward; and youknow, edward, the bible says that the days of men are threescore yearsand ten; so that i am beyond the mark.
and now, edward, i have but fewwords to say.
be careful--if not for your own sake, at least for yourlittle sisters'.
you are young, but you are strong and powerful aboveyour years, and can better protect them than i could.
i see darker daysyet coming--but it is his will, and who shall doubt that that is right?
i pray you not to make your birth and lineage known as yet--it can do nogood, and it may do harm--and if you can be persuaded to live in thecottage, and to live on the farm, which will now support you all, itwill be better.
do not get into trouble about the venison, which theynow claim as their own.
you will find some money in the bag in mychest, sufficient to buy all you want for a long while--but take care ofit; for there is no saying but you may require it.
and now, edward,call your brother and sisters to me, that i may bid them farewell.
iam, as we all are, sinful, but i trust in the mercy of god through jesuschrist.
edward, i have done my duty towards you, as well as i have beenable; but promise me one thing--that you will read the bible and prayersevery morning and evening, as i have always done, after i am gone;promise me that, edward."
"i promise you that it shall be done, jacob," replied edward, "and iwill not forget your other advice."
"god bless you, edward.
now call the children."
edward summoned his sisters and humphrey.
"humphrey, my good boy," said jacob, "recollect that in the midst oflife we are in death; and that there is no security for young or old.
you or your brother may be cut off in your youth; one may be taken, andthe other left.
recollect, your sisters depend upon you, and do nottherefore be rash: i fear that you will run too much risk after the wildcattle, for you are always scheming after taking them.
be careful,humphrey, for you can ill be spared.
hold to the farm as it now is; itwill support you all.
my dear alice and edith, i am dying; very soon ishall be laid by your brothers in my grave.
be good children, and lookup to your brothers for everything.
and now, kiss me, alice: you havebeen a great comfort to me, for you have read the bible to me when icould no longer read myself.
may your deathbed be as well attended asmine has been, and may you live happily, and die the death of achristian!
good-bye, and may god bless you.
bless you, edith; may yougrow up as good and as innocent as you are now.
farewell, humphrey--farewell, edward--my eyes are dim--pray for me, children.
o god ofmercy--pardon my many sins, and receive my soul, through jesus christ.
these were the last words spoken by the old forester.
the children, whowere kneeling by the side of the bed, praying as he had requested, whenthey rose up, found that he was dead.
they all wept bitterly, for theydearly loved the good old man.
alice remained sobbing in edward's arms,and edith in humphrey's, and it was long before the brothers couldconsole them.
humphrey at last said to alice, "you hurt poor edward'sarm--you don't know how painful it is!
come, dears, let us go into theother room, and get something to take the pain away."
these requests diverted the attention at the same time that it rousedfresh sympathy in the little girls--they all went into the sitting-room.
humphrey gave his sisters some potatoes to scrape upon a piece oflinen, while he took off edward's coat, and turned up his shirt sleeves.
the scraped potatoes were then laid on the burn, and edward said theygave him great relief.
some more were then scraped by the little girls,who could not, however, repress their occasional sobs.
humphrey thentold them that edward had had nothing to eat, and that they must get himsome supper.
this again occupied them for some time; and when thesupper was ready, they all sat down to it.
they went to bed early, butnot before edward had read a chapter out of the bible, and the prayers,as old jacob had always done; and this again caused their tears to flowafresh.
"come, alice dear, you and edith must go to bed," said humphrey.
the little girls threw themselves into their brothers' arms; and havingwept for some time, alice raised herself, and taking edith by the hand,led her away to the bedroom.
"humphrey," said edward, "the sooner all this is over the better.
aslong as poor jacob's body remains in the cottage there will be nothingbut distress with the poor girls."
"i agree with you," replied humphrey; "where shall we bury him?"
"under the great oak-tree, at the back of the cottage," replied edward.
"one day the old man said to me that he should like to be buried underone of the oaks of the forest."
"well then, i will go and dig his grave to-night," replied humphrey;"the moon is bright, and i shall have it finished before morning."
"i am sorry that i cannot help you, humphrey."
"i am sorry that you are hurt; but i want no help, edward.
if you willlie down a little, perhaps you will be able to sleep.
let us change thepotato poultice before you go on."
humphrey put the fresh dressing on edward's arm; and edward, who wasvery much exhausted, lay down in his clothes on the bed.
humphrey wentout, and having found his tools, set to his task; he worked hard, andbefore morning had finished.
he then went in, and took his place on thebed by the side of edward, who was in a sound sleep.
at daylighthumphrey rose, and waked edward.
"all is ready, edward; but i fear youmust help me to put poor jacob in the cart; do you think you can?"
"oh yes; my arm is much easier, and i feel very different from what idid last night.
if you will go and get the cart i will see what i cando in the meantime."
when humphrey returned he found edward had selected a sheet to wind thebody in, but could not do more till humphrey came to help him.
theythen wrapped it round the body, and carried it out of the cottage, andput it into the cart.
"now, edward, shall we call our sisters?"
"no, not yet; let us have the body laid in the grave first, and then wewill call them."
they dragged the body on the cart to the grave, and laid it in it, andthen returned back and put the pony in the stable again.
"are there not prayers proper for reading over the dead?"
"i believe that there are, but they are not in the bible; so we mustread some portion of the bible," said edward.
"yes, i think there is one of the psalms which it would be right toread, edward," said humphrey, turning over the leaves; "here it is, theninetieth, in which you recollect it says `that the days of man arethreescore years and ten.'"
"yes," replied edward, "and we will read this one also,--the 146th."
"are our sisters risen, do you think?"
"i am sure that they are," replied humphrey, "and i will go to them."
humphrey went to the door, and said, "alice--alice and edith--come outimmediately."
they were both ready dressed.
edward took the bible under his arm, and alice by the hand.
humphreyled edith until they arrived at the grave, when the two little girls sawthe covered body of jacob lying in it.
"kneel down," said edward, opening the bible.
and they all knelt downby the grave.
edward read the two psalms, and then closed the book.
the little girls took one last look at the body, and then turned awayweeping to the cottage.
edward and humphrey filled up the grave, andthen followed their sisters home.
"i'm glad it's over," said humphrey, wiping his eyes.
"poor old jacob!
i'll put a paling round his grave."
"come in, humphrey," said edward.
edward sat down upon old jacob's chair, and took alice and edith to him.
putting his arm round each, he said:"alice and edith, my dear little sisters, we have lost a good friend,and one to whose memory we cannot be too grateful.
he saved us fromperishing in the flames which burnt down our father's house, and hasprotected us here ever since.
he is gone; for it has pleased god tosummon him to him, and we must bow to the will of heaven; and here weare, brothers and sisters, orphans, and with no one to look to forprotection but heaven.
here we are, away from the rest of the world,living for one another.
what then must we do?
we must love one anotherdearly, and help one another.
i will do my part, if my life is spared,and so will humphrey, and so will you, my dear sisters.
i can answerfor all.
now it is no use to lament--we must all work, and workcheerfully; and we will pray every morning and every night that god willbless our endeavours, and enable us to provide for ourselves, and livehere in peace and safety.
kiss me, dear alice and edith, and kisshumphrey, and kiss one another.
let these kisses be the seals to ourbond; and let us put our trust in him who only is a father to the widowand the orphan.
and now let us pray."
edward and the children repeated the lord's prayer, and then rose up.
they went to their respective employments, and the labour of the daysoon made them composed, although then, for many days afterwards, it wasbut occasionally that a smile was seen upon their lips.
thus passed a week, by which time edward's arm was so far well that itgave him no pain, and he was able to assist humphrey in the work on thefarm.
the snow had disappeared, and the spring, although it had beenchecked for a time, now made rapid advances.
constant occupation andthe return of fine weather both had the effect of restoring the serenityof their minds; and while humphrey was preparing the paling to fix roundthe grave of old jacob, alice and edith collected the wild violets whichnow peeped forth on sheltered spots, and planted the roots over thegrave.
edward also procured all the early flowers he could collect, andassisted his sisters in their task; and thus, in planting it, andputting up the paling, the grave of the old man became their constantwork-ground; and when their labour was done, they would still remainthere and talk over his worth.
the sunday following the burial, theweather being fine and warm, edward proposed that they should read theusual service, which had been selected by old jacob, at the grave, andnot in the cottage, as formerly; and this they continued afterwards todo, whenever the weather would permit; thus did old jacob'sresting-placing become their church, and overpower them with thosefeelings of love and devotion which give efficacy to prayer.
as soon asthe paling was finished humphrey put up a board against the oak-tree,with the simple words carved on it, "jacob armitage."
edward had every day expected that oswald partridge would have calledupon him, as he had promised to do before the week was out; but oswaldhad not made his appearance, much to edward's surprise.
a month passedaway; edward's arm was now quite well, and still oswald came not.
onemorning humphrey and edward were conversing upon many points--theprincipal of which was upon edward going to lymington, for they were nowin want of flour and meal--when edward thought of what old jacob hadtold him relative to the money that he would find in his chest.
he wentinto jacob's room and opened the chest, at the bottom of which, underthe clothes, he found a leather bag, which he brought out to humphrey;on opening it, they were much surprised to find in it more than sixtygold pieces, besides a great deal of silver coin.
"surely this is a great sum of money," observed humphrey.
"i don't knowwhat is the price of things but it appears to me that it ought to lastus a long while."
"i think so too," replied edward.
"i wish oswald partridge would come,for i want to ask him many questions.
i don't know the price of flouror anything else we have to purchase, nor do i know what ought to bepaid for venison.
i don't like to go to lymington till i see him, forthat reason.
if he does not come soon i shall ride over and see what isthe matter."
edward then replaced the money in the chest, and he and humphrey thenwent out to the farm-yard to go on with their work.
it was not until six weeks after the death of old jacob that oswaldpartridge made his appearance.
"how is the old man, sir?"
was his first question.
"he was buried a few days after you left," replied edward.
"i expected as much," said the forester.
"peace be with him--he was agood man.
and how is your arm?"
"nearly well," replied edward.
"now, sit down, oswald, for i have agreat deal to say to you; and first let me ask you what has detained youfrom coming here according to your promise?"
"simply, and in few words--murder."
"yes, deliberate murder, sir; in short, they have beheaded the king--beheaded king charles, our sovereign."
"have they dared to do it?"
"they have," replied oswald.
"we know little that is going on in theforest; but when i saw you last i heard that he was then in london, andwas to be tried."
"how could they try a king?
by the laws ofour country a man must be tried by his equals; and where were hisequals?"
"majesty becomes nought, i suppose," replied oswald; "but still it is asi say.
two days after you left the intendant hastened up to london; andfrom what i have understood, he was strongly opposed to the deed, anddid all he could to prevent it, but it was of no use.
when he left hegave me strict injunctions not to go away from the cottage for an hour,as his daughter was left alone, and as i promised, i could not come toyou; but, nevertheless, patience received letters from him, and told mewhat i tell you."
"you have not dined, oswald?"
"no, that i have not."
"alice, dear, get some dinner, will you?
and oswald, while you dine,excuse me if i leave you for a while.
your intelligence has soastounded me that i can listen to nothing else till i have had a littlewhile to commune with myself and subdue my feelings."
edward was indeed in a state of mind which required calming down.
hequitted the cottage and walked out for some distance into the forest indeep thought.
"murdered at last!"
"yes, well may it be called murder,and no one to save him--not a blow struck in his defence--not an armraised.
how much gallant blood has been shed in vain!
spirit of myfathers--didst thou leave none of thy mettle and thy honour behind thee?
or has all england become craven?
well, the time will come; and if ican no longer hope to fight for my king, at all events i can fightagainst those who have murdered him."
such were edward's thoughts as he wandered through the forest, and morethan an hour elapsed before his impetuous blood could return to itsusual flow; at last, more calm, he returned to the cottage, and listenedto the details which oswald now gave to him of what he had heard.
when oswald had finished, edward asked him whether the intendant hadreturned.
"yes, or i should not have been here," replied oswald.
"he came backyesterday, looking most disconsolate and grave, and i hear that hereturns to london in a few days.
indeed, he told me so himself, for irequested permission to come over to see your grandfather.
he said thati might go, but must return soon, as he must go back to london.
ibelieve, from what miss patience told me, and what i have seen myself,that he is sincerely amazed and vexed at what has taken place; and soindeed are many more, who, although opposed to the king's method ofgovernment, never had an idea that things should have turned out as theyhave done.
i have a message from him to you, which is, that he begs youwill come to see him, that he may thank you for the preservation of hischild."
"i will take his thanks from you, oswald: that will do as well as if hegave them me in person."
"yes, perhaps so; but i have another message from another party, whichis, the young lady herself.
she desires me to tell you that she willnever be happy till she has seen you, and thanked you for your courageand kindness; and that you have no right to put her under such anobligation, and not give her an opportunity of expressing what shefeels.
now, mr edward, i am certain that she is earnest in what shesays, and she made me promise that i would persuade you to come.
icould not refuse her, for she is a dear little creature; as her fatherwill go to london in a few days, you may ride over and see her withoutany fear of being affronted by any offers which he may make to you."
"well," replied edward, "i have no great objection to see her again, forshe was very kind to me; and as you say that the intendant will not bethere i perhaps may come.
but now i must talk to you about othermatters."
edward then put many questions to oswald relative to the value ofvarious articles, and to the best method of disposing of his venison.
oswald answered all his questions, and edward took down notes anddirections on paper.
oswald remained with them for two days, and then bade them farewell,exacting a promise from edward that he would come to the ranger'scottage as soon as he could.
"should the intendant come back before heis expected, i will come over and let you know; but i think, from what iheard him say, he expected to be at least a month in london."
edward promised that oswald should see him in less than ten days, andoswald set out on his journey.
"humphrey," said edward, as soon as oswald was gone, "i have made up mymind to go to lymington to-morrow.
we must have some flour, and manyother articles, which alice says she can no longer do without."
"why should we not both go, edward?"
"no, not this time," replied edward.
"i have to find out many thingsand many people, and i had rather go by myself; besides, i cannot allowmy sisters to be left alone.
i do not consider there is any danger, iadmit; but something might happen to them.
i should never forgivemyself.
still, it is necessary that you should go to lymington with mesome time or another, that you may know where to purchase and sell, ifrequired.
what i propose is, that i will ask oswald to come and stayhere a couple of days.
we will then leave him in charge of our sisters,and go to lymington together."
"you are right, edward; that will be the best plan."
as humphrey made this remark, oswald re-entered the cottage.
"i will tell you why i have returned, mr edward," said oswald.
"it isof no consequence whether i return now or to-morrow.
it is now early,and as you intend going to lymington, it occurred to me that i hadbetter go with you.
i can then show you all you want, which will bemuch better than going by yourself."
"thank you, oswald, i am much obliged to you," said edward.
"humphrey, we will get the cart out immediately, or we shall be late.
will you get it, humphrey?
for i must go for some money, and speak toalice."
humphrey went immediately to put the pony in the cart, when edward said:"oswald, you must not call me mr edward, even when we are alone; if youdo, you will be calling me so before other people, and, therefore,recollect in future, it must be plain edward."
"since you wish it, certainly," replied oswald; "indeed it would bebetter; for a slip of the tongue before other people might createsuspicion."
the pony and cart were soon at the door, and edward, having receivedfurther instructions from alice, set off for lymington, accompanied byoswald.
"could you have found your way to lymington?"
said oswald, as the ponytrotted along.
"yes, i think so," replied edward; "but i must have first gone toarnwood.
indeed, had i been alone, i should have done so; but we havemade a much shorter cut."
"i did not think that you would have liked to have seen the ruins ofarnwood," replied oswald.
"not a day passes without my thinking of them," replied edward.
"ishould like to see them.
i should like to see if any one has takenpossession of the property; for they say it is confiscated."
"i heard that it was to be; but not that it was yet," said oswald: "butwe shall know more when we get to lymington.
i have not seen it formore than a year.
i hardly think that any one will recognise you."
"i should think not; but i care little if they do.
indeed, who is thereto know me?"
"well, my introduction of you will save some surmises, probably; and ishall not take you among those who may be inclined to ask questions.
see, there is the steeple; we have not more than a quarter of an hour'sdrive."
as soon as they arrived at lymington, oswald directed the way to a smallhostelrie, to which the keepers and verderers usually resorted.
infact, the landlord was the party who took all the venison off theirhands, and disposed of it.
they drove into the yard, and, giving thepony and cart in charge of the hostler, went into the inn, where theyfound the landlord, and one or two other people, who were drinking.
"well, master andrew, how fare you?"
"let me see," said the corpulent landlord, throwing back his head, andputting out his stomach, as he peered at oswald; "why, oswald partridge,as i am a born man.
where have you been this many a day?"
"in the forest, master andrew, where there are no few chops andchanges."
"yes, i heard you have a sort of parliamentary keeper, i'm told; and whois this with you?"
"the grandson of an old friend of yours, now dead, poor old jacobarmitage."
"jacob dead, poor fellow!
as true as flint was jacob armitage, as i'm aborn man!
and so he is dead!
well, we all owe heaven a death.
foresters and landlords, as well as kings, all must die!"
"i have brought edward armitage over here to introduce him to you,master andrew.
now that the old man is dead, you must look to him forforest meat."
"oh, well, well, it is scarce now.
i have not had any for some time.
old jacob brought me the last.
you are not one of the parliamentaryforesters, then, i presume?"
continued the landlord, turning to edward.
"no," replied edward, "i kill no venison for roundheads."
"right, my sapling; right and well said.
the armitages were all goodmen and true, and followed the fortunes of the beverleys; but there areno beverleys to follow now.
cut off root and branch--more's the pity.
that was a sad business.
but come in; we must not talk here, for wallshave ears, they say, and one never knows who one dares to speak beforenow."
oswald and edward then entered with the landlord, and arrangements weremade between master andrew and the latter for a regular supply ofvenison during the season at a certain price; but as it would now bedangerous to bring it into the town, it was agreed that when there wasany ready, edward should come to lymington and give notice, and thelandlord would send out people to bring it in during the night.
thisbargain concluded, they took a glass with the landlord, and then wentinto the town to make the necessary purchases.
oswald took edward toall the shops where the articles he required were to be purchased; somethey carried away with them; others, which were too heavy, they left, tobe called for with the cart as they went away.
among other articles,edward required powder and lead, and they went to a gunsmith's where itwas to be procured.
while making his purchases, edward perceived asword, which he thought he had seen before, hanging up against the wallamong other weapons.
"what sword is that?"
said he to the man who was measuring out thepowder.
"it's not my sword, exactly," replied the man; "and yet i cannot returnit to its owner or to the family.
it was brought me to be cleaned byone of colonel beverley's people, and before it was called for the housewas burnt, and every soul perished.
it was one of the colonel's swords,i am sure, as there is e.b.
on a silver plate engraved on it.
i have abill owing me for work done at arnwood, and i have no chance of itsbeing paid now; so, whether i am to sell the sword, or what to do, ihardly know."
edward remained silent for some little while, for he could not trusthimself to speak; at last he replied: "to be candid with you, i am, andall my family have been, followers of the beverley family, and i shouldbe sorry if the colonel's sword was to fall into any other hands.
ithink, therefore, if i pay the bill which is due, you may safely let mehold the sword as a security for the money, with the expressunderstanding that if it is ever claimed by the beverley family, i am togive it up."
"certainly," said oswald; "nothing can be fairer or more clearly put."
"i think so, too, young man," replied the shopkeeper.
"of course, youwill leave your name and address?"
"yes; and my friend here will vouch for its being correct," repliededward.
the shopkeeper then produced the account, which edward paid; and givingon the paper the name of edward armitage, he took possession of thesword.
he then paid for the powder and lead, which oswald took chargeof, and, hardly able to conceal his joy, hastened out of the shop.
"oswald," cried edward, "i would not part with it for thousands ofpounds.
i never will part with it but with my life."
"i believe so," replied oswald; "and i believe more, that it will neverbe disgraced in your hands; but do not talk so loud, for there arelisteners and spies everywhere.
is there anything else that yourequire?"
"no, i think not; the fact is that this sword has put everything out ofmy head.
if there was anything else i have forgotten it.
let us goback to the inn, and we will harness the pony, and call for the flourand oatmeal."
when they arrived at the inn, oswald went out to the yard to get thecart ready, while edward went into the landlord's room to make inquiriesas to the quantity of venison he would be able to take off his hands ata time.
oswald had taken the sword from edward, and had put it in thecart while he was fastening the harness, when a man came up to the cart,and looked earnestly at the sword.
he then examined it, and said tooswald:"why, that was colonel beverley's, my old master's, sword.
i knowed itagain directly.
i took it to phillips, the gunmaker, to be cleaned."
replied oswald; "i pray what may be your name?"
"benjamin white," replied the man; "i served at arnwood till the nightit was burned down; and i have been here ever since."
"and what are you doing now?"
"i'm tapster at the `commonwealth,' in fish street--not much of aplace."
"well, well, you stand by the pony, and look that nobody takes anythingout of the cart, while i go in for some parcels."
"yes, to be sure i will; but, i say, forester, how came you by thatsword?"
"i will tell you when i come out again," replied oswald.
oswald then went in to edward, and told him what had occurred.
"he will certainly know you, sir, and you must not come out till i canget him away," said he.
"you are right, oswald; but before he goes, ask him what became of myaunt, and where she was buried, and also ask him where the otherservants are--perhaps they are at lymington as well as he."
"i will find it all out," replied oswald, who then left edward, andreturned to the landlord and recommenced conversation.
oswald, on his return, told benjamin in what manner the sword had beenprocured from the shopman, by the grandson of old armitage.
"i never knew that he had one," replied benjamin; "nor did i know thatold jacob was dead."
"what became of all the women who were at arnwood?"
"why, agatha married one of the troopers, and went away to london."
"and the others?"
"why, cook went home to her friends, who live about ten miles from here,and i have never heard of her since."
"but there were three of them," said oswald.
"oh yes; there wasphoebe," replied benjamin, looking rather confused.
"she married atrooper--the jilt!--and went off to london when agatha did.
if i'd havethought that she would have done so i would not have carried her awayfrom arnwood behind me on a pillion, as i did; she might have been burntwith the poor children, for all as i cared."
"was not the old lady killed?"
"yes; that is to say, she killed herself, rather than not killsouthwold."
"where was she buried?"
"in the churchyard, at saint faith's, by the mayor and corporation; forthere was not money enough found upon her person to pay the expenses ofher burial."
"and so you are tapster at the `commonwealth.'
is it a good inn?"
"can't say much for it.
i shan't stay longer than i can help, i cantell you."
"well, but you must have an easy place, if you can stay away so long asyou do now."
"won't i be mobbed when i go back!
but that's always the case, makehaste or not, so it's all one.
however, i do think i must be a-goingnow, so good-bye, mr forester; and tell jacob armitage's grandson thati shall be glad to see him, for old jacob's sake; and it's hard but i'llfind him something to drink when he calls."
"i will: i shall see him to-morrow," replied oswald, getting into thecart; "so good-bye, benjamin," much to the satisfaction of oswald, whothought that he would never go.
they went away at a rapid pace, to make up for lost time, and soondisappeared round the corner of the street.
oswald then got out again,summoned edward, and having called for the flour and other heavyarticles, they set off on their return.
during the drive oswald made known to edward the information which hehad gained from benjamin, and at a late hour they arrived safely at thecottage.
they staid up but a short time, as they were tired; and oswald hadresolved upon setting off before daylight on the following morning,which he did without disturbing any one; for humphrey was up and dressedas soon as oswald was, and gave him something to eat as he went along.
all the others remained fast asleep.
humphrey walked about a mile withoswald, and was returning to the farm, when he thought, as he had notexamined his pit-fall for many days, that he might as well look at it,before he went back.
he therefore struck in the direction in which itlay, and arrived there just as the day began to dawn.
it was the end of march, and the weather was mild for the season.
humphrey arrived at the pit, and it was sufficiently light for him toperceive that the covering had been broken in, and therefore, in allprobability, something must have been trapped.
he sat down and waitedfor daylight, but at times he thought he heard a heavy breathing, andonce a low groan.
this made him more anxious, and he again and againpeered into the pit, but could not for a long while discover anything,until at last he thought that he could make out a human figure lying atthe bottom.
humphrey called out, asking if there was any one there.
agroan was the reply, and now humphrey was horrified at the idea thatsomebody had fallen into the pit, and had perished, or was perishing forwant of succour.
recollecting that the rough ladder which he had madeto take the soil up out of the pit was against an oak-tree, close athand, he ran for it, and put it down the pit, and then cautiouslydescended.
on his arrival at the bottom, his fears were found to beverified, for he found the body of a lad half-clothed lying there.
heturned it up, as it was lying with its face to the ground, and attemptedto remove it and to ascertain if there was life in it, which he wasdelighted to find was the case.
the lad groaned several times, andopened his eyes.
humphrey was afraid that he was not strong enough tolift it on his shoulders and carry it up the ladder; but on making theattempt, he found out, from exhaustion, the poor lad was light enoughfor him to carry him, which he did, and safely landed him by the side ofthe pit.
recollecting that the watering-place of the herd of cattle was not faroff, humphrey then hastened to it, and filled his hat half full ofwater.
the lad, although he could not speak, drank eagerly, and in afew minutes appeared much recovered.
humphrey gave him some more, andbathed his face and temples.
the sun had now risen, and it was broaddaylight.
the lad attempted to speak, but what he did say was in so lowa tone, and evidently in a foreign language, that humphrey could notmake him out.
he therefore made signs to the lad that he was goingaway, and would be back soon; and having, as he thought, made the ladcomprehend this, humphrey ran away to the cottage as fast as he could;and as soon as he arrived he called for edward, who came out, and whenhumphrey told him in few words what had happened, edward went into thecottage again for some milk and some cake, while humphrey put the ponyinto the cart.
in a few moments they were off again, and soon arrived at the pit-fall,where they found the lad still lying where humphrey had left him.
theysoaked the cake in the milk, and, as soon as it was soft, gave him some;after a time he swallowed pretty freely, and was so much recovered as tobe able to sit up.
they then lifted him into the cart, and drove gentlyhome to their cottage.
"what do you think he is, edward?"
"some poor beggar lad, who has been crossing the forest."
"no, not exactly; he appears to me to be one of the zingaros or gipsies,as they call them: he is very dark, and has black eyes and white teeth,just like those i saw once near arnwood, when i was out with jacob.
jacob said that no one knew where they came from, but that they were allover the country, and that they were great thieves, and told fortunes,and played all manner of tricks."
"perhaps it may be so; i do not think that he can speak english."
"i am most thankful to heaven that i chanced this morning to visit thepit-fall.
only suppose that i had found the poor boy starved and dead!
i should have been very unhappy, and never should have had any pleasurein looking at the cows, as they would always have reminded me of such amelancholy accident."
"very true, humphrey; but you have been saved that misfortune, and oughtto be grateful to heaven that such is the case.
what shall we do withhim now we have him?"
"why, if he chooses to remain with us, he will be very useful in thecow-yard," said humphrey.
"of course," replied edward, laughing, "as he was taken in the pit-fall,he must go into the yard with all he others who were captured in thesame way."
"well, edward, let us get him all right again first, and then we willsee what is to be done with him; perhaps he will refuse to remain withus."
as soon as they arrived at the cottage they lifted the lad out of thecart, and carried him into jacob's room, and laid him on the bed, for hewas too weak to stand.
alice and edith, who were much surprised at the new visitor, and the wayin which he had been caught, hastened to get some gruel ready for him.
as soon as it was ready they gave it to the boy, who then fell back onthe bed with exhaustion, and was soon in a sound sleep.
he sleptsoundly all that night; and the next morning, when he awoke, he appearedmuch better, although very hungry.
this last complaint was easy toremedy, and then the lad got up and walked into the sitting-room.
"what's your name?"
said humphrey to the lad.
"pablo," replied the lad.
"can you speak english?"
"yes, little," replied he.
"how did you happen to fall into the pit?"
"not see hole."
"are you a gipsy?"
"yes, gitano--same thing."
humphrey put a great many more questions to the lad, and elicited fromhim, in his imperfect english, the following particulars.
that he was in company with several others of his race, going down tothe sea-coast on one of their usual migrations, and that they hadpitched their tents not far from the pit-fall.
that during the night hehad gone out to set some snares for rabbits, and going back to thetents, it being quite dark, he had fallen into the hole.
that he hadremained there three days and nights, having in vain attempted to getout.
his mother was with the party of gipsies to which he belonged; buthe had no father.
he did not know where to follow the gang, as they hadnot said where they were going, farther than to the sea-coast.
that itwas no use looking for them; and that he did not care much about leavingthem, as he was very unkindly treated.
in reply to the question as towhether he would like to remain with them, and work with them on thefarm, he replied that he should like it very much if they would be kindto him, and not make him work too hard; that he would cook the dinner,and catch them rabbits and birds, and make a great many things.
"will you be honest, if we keep you, and not tell lies?"
the lad thought a little while, and then nodded his head in theaffirmative.
"well, pablo, we will try you, and if you are a good lad, we will do allwe can to make you happy," said edward; "but if you behave ill, we shallbe obliged to turn you out of doors; do you understand?"
"be as good as i can," replied pablo; and here the conversation endedfor the present.
pablo was a very short-built lad, of apparently fifteen or sixteen yearsof age, very dark in complexion, but very handsome in features, withbeautiful white teeth and large dark eyes; and there was certainlysomething in his intelligent countenance which recommended him,independent of his claim to their kindness from his having been leftthus friendless in consequence of his misadventure.
humphrey wasparticularly pleased with and interested about him, as the lad had sonearly lost his life through his means.
"i really think, edward," said humphrey, as they were standing outsideof the door of the cottage, "that the lad may be very useful to us, andi sincerely hope that he may prove honest and true.
we must first gethim into health and spirits, and then i will see what he can do."
"the fact is, my dear humphrey, we can do no otherwise: he is separatedfrom his friends, and does not know where to go.
it would be inhuman,as we have been the cause of his misfortune, to turn him away; butalthough i feel this, i do not feel much security as to his goodbehaviour and being very useful.
i have always been told that thesegipsies were vagrants, who lived by stealing all they could lay theirhands upon; and, if he has been brought up in that way, i fear that hewill not easily be reformed.
however, we can but try, and hope for thebest."
"what you say is very just, edward; at the same time, there is an honestlook about this lad, although he is a gipsy, that makes me put a sort ofconfidence in him.
admitting that he has been taught to do wrong, doyou not think that when told the contrary he may be persuaded to doright?"
"it is not impossible, certainly," replied edward; "but, humphrey, be onthe safe side, and do not trust him too far, until you know more ofhim."
"that i most certainly will not," replied humphrey.
"when do youpurpose going over to the keeper's cottage, edward?"
"in a day or two; but i am not exactly in a humour now to be very civilto the roundheads, although the one i have promised to visit is a lady,and a very amiable, pretty little girl into the bargain."
"why, edward, what has made you feel more opposed to them than usual?"
"in the first place, humphrey, the murder of the king--for it wasmurder, and nothing better--i cannot get that out of my head; andyesterday i obtained what i consider as almost a gift from heaven; andif it is so, it was not given but with the intention that i should makeuse of it."
"and what was that, edward?"
"our gallant father's sword, which he drew so nobly and so well indefence of his sovereign, humphrey, and which i trust his son may oneday wield with equal distinction, and, it may be, better fortune.
comein with me, and i will show it to you."
edward and humphrey went into the bedroom, and edward brought out thesword, which he had placed by his side on the bed.
"see, humphrey, this was our father's sword; and," continued edward,kissing the weapon, "i trust i may be permitted to draw it to revengehis death, and the death of one whose life ever should have beensacred."
"i trust that you will, my dear brother," replied humphrey; "you willhave a strong arm and a good cause.
heaven grant that both may prosper!
but tell me how you came by it."
edward then related all that had passed during his visit with oswald tolymington, not forgetting to tell him of benjamin's appearance, and thearrangements he had made relative to the sale of the venison.
as soon as dinner was over, edward and humphrey took down their guns,having agreed that they would go and hunt the wild cattle.
"humphrey, have you any idea where the herd of cattle are feeding atthis time?"
"i know where they were feeding yesterday and the day before, and i donot think that they will have changed their ground; for the grass is yetvery young, and only grown on the southern aspects.
depend upon it weshall fall in with them not four miles from where we now are, if notnearer."
"we must stalk them as we do the deer, must we not?
they won't allow usto approach within shot, humphrey, will they?"
"we have to take our chance, edward; they will allow us to advancewithin shot, but the bulls will then advance upon us, while the herdincrease their distance.
on the other hand, if we stalk them, we maykill one, and then the report of the gun will frighten the others away.
in the first instance there is a risk; in the second there is none, butthere is more fatigue and trouble.
choose as you please, i will act asyou decide."
"well, humphrey, since you give me the choice, i think that this time ishall take the bull by the horns, as the saying is; that is, if thereare any trees near us, for if the herd are in an open place i would notrun such a risk; but if we can fire upon them and fall back upon a treein case of a bull charging, i will take them openly."
"with all my heart, edward: i think it will be very hard, if, with ourtwo guns and smoker to back us, we do not manage to be masters of thefield.
however, we must survey well before we make our approach; and ifwe can get within shot without alarming or irritating them, we of coursewill do so."
"the bulls are very savage at this spring-time," observed edward.
"they are so at all times, as far as i can see of them," repliedhumphrey; "but we are near to them now, i should think--yes, there isthe herd."
"there they are, sure enough," replied edward: "now we have not to dowith deer, and need not be so very cautious; but still the animals arewary, and keep a sharp look-out.
we must approach them quietly, byslipping from tree to tree.
smoker, to heel!--down--quiet, smoker--gooddog!"
edward and humphrey stopped to load their guns, and then approached theherd in the manner which had been proposed, and were very soon withintwo hundred yards of the cattle, behind a large oak, when they stoppedto reconnoitre.
the herd contained about seventy head of cattle, ofvarious sizes and ages.
they were feeding in all directions, scattered,as the young grass was very short; but although the herd was spread overmany acres of land, edward pointed out to humphrey that all thefull-grown large bulls were on the outside, as if ready to defend theothers in case of attack.
"humphrey," said edward, "one thing is clear--as the herd is placed atpresent, we must have a bull or nothing.
it is impossible to get withinshot of the others without passing a bull, and depend upon it ourpassage will be disputed; and moreover, the herd will take to flight,and we shall get nothing at all."
"well," replied humphrey, "beef is beef; and, as they say, beggars mustnot be choosers, so let it be a bull, if it must be so."
"let us get nearer to them, and then we will decide what we shall do.
they advanced gradually, hiding from tree to tree, until they werewithin eighty yards of one of the bulls.
the animal did not perceivethem, and as they were now within range, they again stepped behind thetree to consult.
"now, edward, i think that it would be best to separate.
you can firefrom where we are, and i will crawl through the fern, and get behindanother tree."
"very well, do so," replied edward: "if you can manage, get to that treewith the low branches, and then perhaps you will be within shot of thewhite bull, which is coming down in this direction.
smoker, lie down!
he cannot go with you, humphrey; it will not be safe."
the distance of the tree which humphrey ventured to get to was about onehundred and fifty yards from where edward was standing.
humphreycrawled along for some time in the fern, but at last he came to a barespot of about ten yards wide, which they were not aware of, and where hecould not be concealed.
humphrey hesitated, and at last decided uponattempting to cross it.
edward, who was one moment watching the motionsof humphrey, and at another that of the two animals nearest to them,perceived that the white bull farthest from him, but nearest tohumphrey, threw its head in the air, pawed with his foot, and thenadvanced with a roar to where humphrey was on the ground, still crawlingtowards the tree, having passed the open spot, and being now not manyyards from the tree.
perceiving the danger that his brother was in, andthat, moreover, humphrey himself was not aware of it, he hardly knew howto act.
the bull was too far from him to fire at it with any chance ofsuccess; and how to let humphrey know that the animal had discovered himand was making towards him, without calling out, he did not know.
allthis was the thought of a moment, and then edward determined to fire atthe bull nearest to him, which he had promised not to do till humphreywas also ready to fire; and after firing to call humphrey.
he,therefore, for one moment, turned away from his brother, and, taking aimat the bull, fired his gun; but probably from his nerves being a littleshaken at the idea of humphrey being in danger, the wound was notmortal, and the bull galloped back to the herd, which formed a closedphalanx about a quarter of a mile distant.
edward then turned to wherehis brother was, and perceived that the bull had not made off with therest of the cattle, but was within thirty yards of humphrey, andadvancing upon him, and that humphrey was standing up beside the treewith his gun ready to fire.
humphrey fired, and, as it appeared, healso missed his aim; the animal made at him; but humphrey, with greatquickness, dropped his gun, and, swinging by the lower boughs, was intothe tree, and out of the bull's reach, in a moment.
edward smiled whenhe perceived that humphrey was safe; but still he was a prisoner, forthe bull went round and round the tree roaring and looking up athumphrey.
edward thought a minute, then loaded his gun and orderedsmoker to run in to the bull.
the dog, who had only been restrained byedward's keeping him down at his feet, sprang forward to the attack.
edward had intended, by calling to the dog, to induce the bull to followit till within gunshot; but before the bull had been attacked, edwardobserved that one or two more of the bulls had left the herd, and werecoming at a rapid pace towards him.
under these circumstances, edwardperceived that his only chance was to climb into a tree himself, whichhe did, taking good care to take his gun and ammunition with him.
having safely fixed himself in a forked bough, edward then surveyed theposition of the parties.
there was humphrey in the tree, without hisgun.
the bull who had pursued humphrey was now running at smoker, whoappeared to be aware that he was to decoy the bull towards edward, forhe kept retreating towards him.
in the meantime the two other bullswere quite close at hand, mingling their bellowing and roaring with thefirst; and one of them as near to edward as the first bull, which wasengaged with smoker.
at last one of the advancing bulls stood still,pawing the ground as if disappointed at not finding an enemy, not fortyyards from where edward was perched.
edward took good aim, and when hefired the bull fell dead.
edward was reloading his piece when he hearda howl, and looking round saw smoker flying up in the air, having beentossed by the first bull; and at the same time he observed that humphreyhad descended from the tree, recovered his gun, and was now safe againupon the lower bough.
the first bull was advancing again to attacksmoker, who appeared incapable of getting away, so much was he injuredby the fall, when the other bull, who apparently must have been an oldantagonist of the first, roared and attacked him; and now the two boyswere up in the tree, the two bulls fighting between them, and smokerlying on the ground, panting and exhausted.
as the bulls, with lockedhorns, were furiously pressing each other, both guns were discharged,and both animals fell.
after waiting a little while to see if they roseagain, or if any more of the herd came up, edward and humphrey descendedfrom the trees and heartily shook hands.
"a narrow escape," said edward, as he held his brother's hand.
"yes, indeed we may thank heaven for our preservation," repliedhumphrey; "and poor smoker!
let us see if he is much hurt."
"i trust not," said edward, going up to the dog, who remained quitestill on the ground, with his tongue out, and panting violently.
they examined poor smoker all over very carefully, and found that therewas no external wound; but on edward pressing his side the animal gave alow howl.
"it is there where the horn of the bull took him," observed humphrey.
"yes," said edward, pressing and feeling softly; "and he has two of hisribs broken.
humphrey, see if you can get him a little water, that willrecover him more than anything else; the bull has knocked the breath outof his body.
i think he will soon be well again, poor fellow."
humphrey soon returned with some water from a neighbouring pool.
hebrought it in his hat and gave it to the dog, who lapped it slowly atfirst, but afterwards much faster, and wagging his tail.
"he will do now," said edward; "we must give him time to recoverhimself.
now then, let us examine our quarry.
why, humphrey, what aquantity of meat we have here!
it will take three journeys to lymingtonat least."
"yes, and no time to lose, for the weather is getting warm already,edward.
now what to do?
will you remain while i go home for the cart?"
"yes, it's no use both going; i will stay here and watch poor smoker,and take off the skins ready by the time you are back again.
leave meyour knife as well as my own, for one will soon be blunt."
humphrey gave his knife to edward, and taking up his gun, set off forthe cottage.
edward had skinned two of the bulls before humphrey'sreturn; and smoker, although he evidently was in great pain, was on hislegs again.
as soon as they had finished and quartered the beasts, thecart was loaded, and they returned home; they had to return a secondtime, and both the pony and they were very tired before they sat down tosupper.
they found the gipsy boy very much recovered, and in goodspirits.
alice said that he had been amusing edith and her by tossingup three potatoes at a time, and playing them like balls; and that hehad spun a platter upon an iron skewer and balanced it on his chin.
they gave him some supper, which he ate in the chimney-corner, lookingup and staring every now and then at edith, to whom he appeared verymuch attached already.
"is it good?"
said humphrey to the boy, giving him anothervenison-steak.
"yes; not have so good supper in pit-hole," replied pablo, laughing.
early on the following morning edward and humphrey set off to lymingtonwith the cart laden with meat.
edward showed humphrey all the shops andthe streets they were in where the purchases were to be made--introducedhim to the landlord of the hostelrie--and having sold their meat, theyreturned home.
the rest of the meat was taken to lymington and disposedof by humphrey on the following day; and the day after that, the threeskins were carried to the town and disposed of.
"we made a good day's work, edward," said humphrey, as he reckoned upthe money they had made.
"we earned it with some risk, at all events," replied edward; "and now,humphrey, i think it is time that i keep my promise to oswald, and goover to the intendant's house and pay my visit to the young lady, as ipresume she is--and certainly she has every appearance of being one.
iwant the visit to be over, as i want to be doing."
"how do you mean, edward?"
"i mean that i want to go out and kill some deer; but i will not do ittill after i have seen her: when my visit is over, i intend to defy theintendant and all his verderers."
"but why should this visit prevent you going out this very day, if soinclined?"
"i don't know, but she may ask me if i have done so, and i do not wantto tell her that i have; neither do i want to say that i have not if ihave; and therefore i shall not commence till after i have seen her."
"when will you set off?"
"to-morrow morning; and i shall take my gun, although oswald desired menot; but after the fight we had with the wild cattle the other day idon't think it prudent to be unarmed; indeed, i do not feel comfortablewithout i have my gun, at any time."
"well, i shall have plenty to do when you are away--the potatoes must behoed up, and i shall see what i can make of master pablo.
he appearswell enough, and he has played quite long enough; so i shall take himwith me to the garden to-morrow, and set him to work.
what a quantityof fruit there is a promise of in the orchard this year!
and edward, ifthis boy turns out of any use, and is a help to me, i think that i shalltake all the orchard into garden, and then enclose another piece ofground, and see if we cannot grow some corn for ourselves.
it is thegreatest expense that we have at present, and i should like to take myown corn to the mill to be ground."
"but will not growing corn require plough and horses?"
"no; we will till it by hand: two of us can dig a great deal at oddtimes, and we shall have a better crop with the spade than with theplough.
we have now so much manure that we can afford it."
"well, if it is to be done, it should be done at once, humphrey, beforethe people from the other side of the forest come and find us out, orthey will dispute our right to the enclosure."
"the forest belongs to the king, brother, and not to the parliament: andwe are the king's liegemen, and only look to him for permission,"replied humphrey; "but what you say is true, the sooner it is done thebetter, and i will about it at once."
"how much do you propose fencing in?"
"about two or three acres."
"but that is more than you can dig this year or the next."
"i know that; but i will manure it without digging, and the grass willgrow so rich to what it will outside of the enclosure, that they willsuppose it has been enclosed a long while."
"that's not a bad idea, humphrey: but i advise you to look well afterthat boy, for he is of a bad race, and has not been brought up, i amafraid, with too strict notions of honesty.
be careful, and tell yoursisters also to be cautious not to let him suppose that we have anymoney in the old chest, till we find out whether he is to be trusted ornot."
"better not let him know it under any circumstances," replied humphrey;"he may continue honest, if not tempted by the knowledge that there isanything worth stealing."
"you are right, humphrey; well, i will be off to-morrow morning and getthis visit over.
i hope to be able to get all the news from her, nowthat her father is away."
"i hope to get some work out of this master pablo," replied humphrey;"how many things i could do if he would only work!
now, i'll tell youone thing--i will dig a saw-pit and get a saw, and then i can cut outboards, and build anything we want.
the first time i go to lymington iwill buy a saw--i can afford it now; and i'll make a carpenter's benchfor the first thing, and then, with some more tools, i shall get on; andthen, edward, i'll tell you what else i will do."
"then, humphrey," replied edward, laughing, "you must tell me some othertime, for it is now very late, and i must go to bed, as i have to riseearly.
i know you have so many projects in your mind that it would takehalf the night to listen to them."
"well, i believe what you say is true," replied humphrey, "and it willbe better to do one thing at a time than to talk about doing a hundred;so we will, as you say, to bed."
at sunrise edward and humphrey were both up; alice came out when theytapped at her door, as she would not let edward go without hisbreakfast.
edith joined them, and they went to prayers.
while theywere so employed, pablo came out and listened to what was said.
whenprayers were over, humphrey asked pablo if he knew what they had beendoing.
"no, not much; suppose you pray sun to shine."
"no, pablo," said edith, "pray to god to make us good."
"you bad then?"
said pablo; "me not bad."
"yes, pablo, everybody very bad," said alice; "but if we try to be good,god forgives us."
the conversation was then dropped, and as soon as edward had had hisbreakfast, he kissed his sisters, bidding them and humphrey farewell: hethen threw his gun over his arm, and calling his puppy, which he hadnamed holdfast, set off on his journey across the forest.
holdfast, as well as humphrey's puppy, which had been named watch, hadgrown very fine young animals.
the first had been named holdfast,because it would seize the pigs by the ears and lead them into the sty,and the other because it was so alert at the least noise: but, ashumphrey said, watch ought to have learnt to lead the pigs, it beingmore in his line of business than holdfast's, which was to be brought upfor hunting in the forest, while watch was being educated as a house andfarm-yard dog.
edward had refused to take the pony, as humphrey required it for thefarm-work, and the weather was so fine that he preferred walking; themore so, as it would enable him on his return across the forest to tryfor some venison, which he could not have done if he had been mounted onbilly's back.
edward walked quick, followed by his dog, which he hadtaught to keep to heel.
he felt happy, as people do who have no cares,from the fine weather--the deep green of the verdure chequered by theflowers in bloom, and the majestic scenery which met his eye on everyside.
his heart was as buoyant as his steps, as he walked along, thelight summer breeze fanning his face.
his thoughts, however, which hadbeen more of the chase than anything else, suddenly changed, and hebecame serious.
for some time he had heard no political news ofconsequence, or what the commons were doing with the king.
this reverienaturally brought to his mind his father's death, the burning of hisproperty, and its sequestration.
his cheeks coloured with indignation,and his brow was moody.
then he built castles for the future.
heimagined the king released from his prison, and leading an army againsthis oppressors; he fancied himself at the head of a troop of cavalry,charging the parliamentary horse.
victory was on his side.
the kingwas again on his throne, and he was again in possession of the familyestate.
he was rebuilding the hall, and somehow or another it appearedto him that patience was standing by his side, as he gave directions tothe artificers--when his reverie was suddenly disturbed by holdfastbarking and springing forward in advance.
edward, who had by this time got over more than half his journey, lookedup, and perceived himself confronted by a powerful man, apparently aboutforty years of age, and dressed as a verderer of the forest.
he thoughtat the time that he had seldom seen a person with a more sinister andforbidding countenance.
"how now, young fellow, what are you doing here?"
said the man, walkingup to him, and cocking the gun which he held in his hand as he advanced.
edward quietly cocked his own gun, which was loaded, when he perceivedthat hostile preparation on the part of the other person, and thenreplied, "i am walking across the forest, as you may perceive."
"yes, i perceive you are walking, and you are walking with a dog and agun: you will now be pleased to walk with me.
deer-stealers are not anylonger permitted to range this forest."
"i am no deer-stealer," replied edward.
"it will be quite sufficient togive me that title when you find me with venison in my possession; andas for going with you, that i certainly shall not.
sheer off or you maymeet with harm."
"why, you young good-for-nothing, if you have not venison, it is notfrom any will not to take it; you are out in pursuit of it, that isclear.
come, come, you've the wrong person to deal with: my orders areto take up all poachers, and take you i will."
"if you can," replied edward; "but you must first prove that you areable so to do; my gun is as good and my aim is as sure as yours, whoeveryou may be.
i tell you again, i am no poacher, nor have i come out totake the deer, but to cross over to the intendant's cottage, whither iam now going.
i tell you thus much, that you may not do anythingfoolish; and having said this, i advise you to think twice before youact once.
let me proceed in peace, or you may lose your place, if youdo not by your own rashness lose your life."
there was something so cool and so determined in edward's quiet manner,that the verderer hesitated.
he perceived that any attempt to takeedward would be at the risk of his own life; and he knew that his orderswere to apprehend all poachers, but not to shoot people.
it was truethat resistance with firearms would warrant his acting in self-defence;but admitting that he should succeed, which was doubtful, still edwardhad not been caught in the act of killing venison, and he had nowitnesses to prove what had occurred.
he also knew that the intendanthad given very strict orders as to the shedding of blood, which he wasmost averse to under any circumstances; and there was something inedward's appearance and manner so different from a common person, thathe was puzzled.
moreover, edward had stated that he was going to theintendant's house.
all things considered, as he found that bullyingwould not succeed, he thought it advisable to change his tone, andtherefore said, "you tell me that you are going to the intendant'shouse; you have business there, i presume?
if i took you prisoner, itis there i should have conducted you; so, young man, you may now walk onbefore me."
"i thank you," replied edward, "but walk on before you i will not: butif you choose to half-cock your gun again, and walk by my side, i willdo the same.
those are my terms, and i will listen to no other; so bepleased to make up your mind, as i am in haste."
the verderer appeared very indignant at this reply, but after a timesaid, "be it so."
edward then uncocked his gun, with his eyes fixed upon the man, and theverderer did the same; and then they walked side by side, edward keepingat the distance of three yards from him, in case of treachery.
after a few moments' silence, the verderer said, "you tell me you aregoing to the intendant's house; he is not at home."
"but young mistress patience is, i presume," said edward.
"yes," replied the man, who, finding that edward appeared to know somuch about the intendant's family, began to be more civil.
"yes, she isat home, for i saw her in the garden this morning."
"and oswald, is he at home?"
"yes, he is.
you appear to know our people, young man; who may you be,if it is a fair question?"
"it would have been a fair question had you treated me fairly," repliededward; "but as it is no concern of yours, i shall leave you to find itout."
this reply puzzled the man still more; and he now, from the tone ofauthority assumed by edward, began to imagine that he had made somemistake, and that he was speaking to a superior, although clad in aforester's dress.
he therefore answered humbly, observing that he hadonly been doing his duty.
edward walked on without making any reply.
as they arrived within a hundred yards of the intendant's house, edwardsaid:"i have now arrived at my destination, and am going into that house, asi told you.
do you choose to enter it with me, or will you go to oswaldpartridge and tell him that you have met with edward armitage in meforest, and that i should be glad to see him?
i believe you are underhis orders, are you not?"
"yes, i am," replied the verderer, "and as i suppose that all's right, ishall go and deliver your message."
edward then turned away from the man, and went into the wicket-gate ofthe garden, and knocked at the door of the house.
the door was openedby patience heatherstone herself, who said, "oh, how glad i am to seeyou!
edward took off his hat and bowed; patience led the wayinto her father's study, where edward had been first received.
"and now," said patience, extending her hand to edward, "thanks, manythanks, for your preserving me from so dreadful a death.
you don't knowhow unhappy i have been at not being able to give you my poor thanks foryour courageous behaviour."
her hand still remained in edward's while she said this.
"you rate what i did too highly," replied edward; "i would have done thesame for any one in such distress: it was my duty as a--man," cavalierhe was about to say, but he checked himself.
"sit down," said patience, taking a chair,--"nay, no ceremony; i cannottreat as an inferior one to whom i owe such a debt of gratitude."
edward smiled as he took his seat.
"my father is as grateful to you as i am--i'm sure that he is; for iheard him when at prayer call down blessings on your head.
what can hedo for you?
i begged oswald partridge to bring you here, that i mightfind out.
oh, sir, do pray let me know how we can show our gratitude bysomething more than words."
"you have shown it already, mistress patience," replied edward; "haveyou not honoured a poor forester with your hand in friendship, and evenadmitted him to sit down before you?"
"he who has preserved my life at the risk of his own becomes to me as abrother--at least i feel as a sister towards him: a debt is still adebt, whether indebted to a king or to a--""forester, mistress patience, that is the real word that you should nothave hesitated to have used: do you imagine that i am ashamed of mycalling?"
"to tell you candidly the truth, then," replied patience, "i cannotbelieve that you are what you profess to be.
i mean to say, thatalthough a forester now, you were never brought up as such.
my fatherhas an opinion allied to mine."
"i thank you both for your good opinion of me, but i fear that i cannotraise myself above the condition of a forester; nay, from your father'scoming down here, and the new regulations, i have every chance ofsinking down to the lower grade of a deer-stealer and poacher; indeed,had it not been that i had my gun with me, i should have been seized assuch this very day as i came over."
"but you were not shooting the deer, were you, sir?"
"no, i was not; nor have i killed any since last i saw you."
"i am glad that i can say that to my father," replied patience; "it willmuch please him.
he said to me that he thought you capable of muchhigher employment than any that could be offered here, and only wishedto know what you would accept.
he has interest--great interest--although just now at variance with the rulers of this country, onaccount of the--""murder of the king, you would or you should have said, mistresspatience: i have heard how much he was opposed to that foul deed, and ihonour him for it."
"how kind, how truly kind you are to say so!"
said patience, the tearsstarting in her eyes; "what pleasure to hear my father's conduct praisedby you!"
"why, of course, mistress patience, all of my way of thinking mustpraise him.
your father is in london, i hear?"
"yes, he is; and that reminds me that you must want some refreshmentafter your walk.
i will call phoebe."
so saying, patience left theroom.
the fact was, mistress patience was reminded that she had been sittingwith a young man some time, and alone with him--which was not quiteproper in those times, and when phoebe appeared with the cold viands,she retreated out of hearing, but remained in the room.
edward partook of the meal offered him in silence, patience occupyingherself with her work, and keeping her eyes fixed on it, unless when shegave a slight glance at the table to see if anything was required.
whenthe meal was over, phoebe removed the tray, and then edward rose to takehis leave.
"nay, do not go yet--i have much to say first; let me again ask you howwe can serve you."
"i never can take any office under the present rulers of the nation; sothat question is at rest."
"i was afraid you would answer so," replied patience gravely: "do notthink i blame you; for many are there already who would gladly retracetheir steps if it were possible.
they little thought, when they opposedthe king, that affairs would have ended as they have done.
where do youlive, sir?"
"at the opposite side of the forest, in a house belonging to me now, butwhich was inherited by my grandfather."
"do you live alone--surely not?"
"no, i do not."
"nay, you may tell me anything, for i would never repeat what might hurtyou, or you might not wish to have known."
"i live with my brother and two sisters, for my grandfather is latelydead."
"is your brother younger than you are?"
"and your sisters, what are their ages?"
"they are younger still."
"you told my father that you lived upon your farm?"
"is it a large farm?"
"no; very small."
"and does that support you?"
"that and killing wild cattle has lately."
"yes, and killing deer also until lately?"
"you have guessed right."
"you were brought up at arnwood, you told my father; did you not?"
"yes, i was brought up there, and remained there until the death ofcolonel beverley."
"and you were educated, were you not?"
"yes; the chaplain taught me what little i do know."
"then, if you were brought up in the house and educated by the chaplain,surely colonel beverley never intended you for a forester?"
"he did not; i was to have been a soldier as soon as i was old enough tobear arms."
"perhaps you are distantly related to the late colonel beverley?"
"no; i am not _distantly_ related," replied edward, who began to feeluneasy at this close cross-examination; "but still, had colonel beverleybeen alive, and the king still required his services, i have no doubtthat i should have been serving under him at this time.
and now,mistress patience, that i have answered so many questions of yours, mayi be permitted to ask a little about yourself in return?
have you anybrothers?"
"none; i am an only child."
"have you only one parent alive?"
"what families are you connected with?"
patience looked up with surprise at this last question--"my mother's name was cooper; she was sister to sir anthony ashleycooper, who is a person well-known."
then you are of gentle blood?"
"i believe so," replied patience, with surprise.
"thank you for your condescension, mistress patience; and now, if youwill permit me, i will take my leave."
"before you go, let me once more thank you for saving a worthless life,"said patience: "well, you must come again when my father is here; hewill be but too glad to have an opportunity of thanking one who haspreserved his only child.
indeed, if you knew my father, you would feelas much regard for him as i do.
he is very good, although he looks sostern and melancholy; but he has seldom smiled since my poor mother'sdeath."
"as to your father, mistress patience, i will think as well as i can ofone who is joined to a party which i hold in detestation: i can say nomore."
"i must not say all that i know, or you would perhaps find out that heis not quite so wedded to that party as you suppose.
neither hisbrother-in-law nor he are great friends of cromwell's, i can assure you;but this in confidence."
"that raises him in my estimation; but why then does he hold office?"
"he did not ask it; it was given to him, i really believe, because theywished him out of the way; and he accepted it because he was opposed towhat was going on, and wished himself to be away.
at least i infer somuch from what i have learnt.
it is not an office of power or trustwhich leagues him with the present government."
"no; only one which opposes him to me and my mal-practices," repliededward, laughing.
"well, mistress patience, you have shown greatcondescension to a poor forester, and i return you many thanks for yourkindness towards me: i will now take my leave."
"and when will you come and see my father?"
"i cannot say; i fear that i shall not be able very soon to look in hisinjured face, and it will not be well for a poacher to come near him,"replied edward: "however, some day i may be taken and brought before youas a prisoner, you know, and then he is certain to see me."
"i will not tell you to kill deer," replied patience; "but if you dokill them, no one shall harm you--or i know little of my power or myfather's.
farewell then, sir; and once more, gratitude and thanks."
patience held out her hand again to edward, who this time, like a truecavalier, raised it respectfully to his lips.
patience coloured alittle, but did not attempt to withdraw it, and edward, with a lowobeisance, quitted the room.
as soon as he was out of the intendant's house, edward hastened to thecottage of oswald partridge, whom he found waiting for him; for theverderer had not failed to deliver his message.
"you have had a long talk with mistress patience," said oswald, afterthe first greeting; "and i am glad of it, as it gives you consequencehere.
the roundhead rascal whom you met was inclined to be very preciseabout doing his duty, and insisted that he was certain that you were onthe look-out for deer; but i stopped his mouth by telling him that ioften took you out with me, as you were the best shot in the wholeforest, and that the intendant knew that i did so.
i think that if youwere caught in the act of killing a deer you had better tell them thatyou killed it by my request, and i will bear you out, if they bring youto the intendant, who will, i'm sure, thank me for saying so.
you mightkill all the deer in the forest after what you have done for him."
"many thanks; but i do not think i can take advantage of your offer.
let them catch me if they can, and if they do catch me, let them take meif they can."
"i see, sir, that you will accept no favour from the roundheads,"replied oswald; "however, as i am now head keeper, i shall take carethat my men do not interfere with you, if i can help it; all i wish isto prevent any insult or indignity being offered to you: they not beingaware who you are, as i am."
"many thanks, oswald; i must take my chance."
edward then told oswald of their having taken the gipsy boy in the pit,at which he appeared much amused.
"what is the name of the verderer whom i met in the forest?"
"james corbould; he was discharged from the army," replied oswald.
"i do not like his appearance," said edward.
"no; his face tells against him," replied oswald; "but i know nothing ofhim; he has been here little more than a fortnight."
"can you give me a corner to put my head in to-night, oswald?
for ishall not start till to-morrow morning."
"you may command all i have, sir," replied oswald; "but i fear there islittle more than a hearty welcome; i have no doubt that you could belodged at the intendant's house if you choose."
"no, oswald, the young lady is alone, and i will not trust to phoebe'saccommodation again; i will stay here, if you will permit me."
"and welcome, sir: i will put your puppy in the kennel at once."
edward remained that night at oswald's, and at daylight he rose, andhaving taken a slight breakfast, throwing his gun over his shoulder,went to the kennel for holdfast, and set off on his return home.
"that's a very nice little girl," were the words which edward foundhimself constantly saying to himself as he walked along; "and she is ofa grateful disposition, or she would not have behaved as she has donetowards me--supposing me to be of mean birth;" and then he thought ofwhat she had told him relative to her father, and edward felt hisanimosity against a roundhead wasting fast away.
"i am not likely tosee her again very soon," thought edward, "unless, indeed, i am broughtto the intendant as a prisoner."
thus thinking upon one subject oranother, edward had gained above eight miles of his journey across theforest, when he thought that he was sufficiently far away to venture tolook-out for some venison.
remembering there was a thicket not far fromhim, in which there was a clear pool of water, edward thought it verylikely that he might find a stag there cooling himself, for the weatherwas now very warm at noon-day.
he therefore called holdfast to him, andproceeded cautiously towards the thicket.
as soon as he arrived at thespot, he crouched and crept silently through the underwood.
at last hearrived close to the cleared spot by the pool.
there was no stag there,but fast asleep upon the turf lay james corbould, the sinister-lookingverderer who had accosted him in the forest on the previous day.
holdfast was about to bark, when edward silenced him, and then advancedto where the verderer was lying; and who having no dog with him to givenotice of edward's approach, still remained snoring with the sun shiningon his face.
edward perceived that his gun was under him on the grass;he took it up, gently opened the pan and scattered the powder, and thenlaid it down again; for edward said to himself, "that man has come outafter me, that i am certain; and as there are no witnesses, he may beinclined to be mischievous, for a more wretched-looking person i neversaw.
had he been deer-hunting, he would have brought his dog; but he isman-hunting, that is evident.
now i will leave him, and should he fallin with anything, he will not kill at first shot, that's certain; and ifhe follows me, i shall have the same chance of escape as anything elsehe may fire at."
edward then walked out of the covert, thinking that ifever there was a face which proclaimed a man to be a murderer it wasthat of james corbould.
as he was threading his way, he heard the howlof a dog, and on looking round, perceived that holdfast was not withhim.
he turned back, and holdfast came running to him.
the fact was,that holdfast had smelt some meat in the pocket of the verderer, and hadbeen putting his nose in to ascertain what it was: in so doing he hadwakened up corbould, who had saluted him with a heavy blow on the head:this occasioned the puppy to give the howl, and also occasioned corbouldto seize his gun, and follow stealthily in the track of the dog, whichhe well knew to be the one he had seen the day before with edward.
edward waited for a short time, and not perceiving that corbould madehis appearance, continued on his way home, having now given up allthoughts of killing any venison.
he walked fast, and was within sixmiles of the cottage, when he stopped to drink at a small rill of water,and then sat down to rest himself for a short time.
while so doing, hefell into one of his usual reveries, and forgot how time passed away.
he was, however, aroused by a low growl on the part of holdfast, and itimmediately occurred to him that corbould must have followed him.
thinking it as well to be prepared, he quietly loaded his gun, and thenrose up to reconnoitre.
holdfast sprang forward, and edward looking inthe direction, perceived corbould partly hidden behind a tree, with hisgun levelled at him.
he heard the trigger pulled, and snap of the lock,but the gun did not go off; and then corbould made his appearance,striking at holdfast with the butt-end of his gun.
edward advanced tohim and desired him to desist, or it would be the worse for him.
it may be the worse for you," cried corbould.
"it might have been if your gun had gone off," replied edward.
"i did not aim at you.
i aimed at the dog, and i will kill the brute,if i can."
"not without danger to yourself; but it was not him that you aimed at--your gun was not pointed low enough to hit the dog--it was levelled atme, you sneaking wretch; and i have only to thank my own prudence andyour sleepy head for having escaped with my life.
i tell you candidlythat i threw the powder out of your pan while you were asleep.
if iserved you as you deserve, i should now put my bullet into you, but icannot kill a man who is defenceless--and that saves your life; but setoff as fast as you can away from me, for if you follow me, i will showno more forbearance.
away with you directly," continued edward, raisinghis gun to his shoulder and pointing it to corbould; "if you do not beoff, i'll fire."
corbould saw that edward was resolute, and thought proper to comply withhis request: he walked away till he considered himself out of gunshot,and then commenced a torrent of oaths and abusive language, with whichwe shall not offend our readers.
before he went farther, he swore thathe would have edward's life before many days had passed, and thenshaking his fist he went away.
edward remained where he was standingtill the man was fairly out of sight, and then proceeded on his journey.
it was now about four o'clock in the afternoon, and edward, as hewalked on, said to himself, "that man must be of a very wickeddisposition, for i have offended him in nothing except in not submittingto be made his prisoner; and is that an offence to take a man's lifefor?
he is a dangerous man, and will be more dangerous after beingagain foiled by me as he has been to-day.
i doubt if he will go home; iam almost sure that he will turn and follow me when he thinks that hecan without my seeing him; and if he does, he will find out where ourcottage is--and who knows what mischief he may not do, and how he mayalarm my little sisters?
i'll not go home till dark; and i'll now walkin another direction, that i may mislead him."
edward then walked awaymore to the north, and every half-hour shifted his course, so as to bewalking in a very different direction from where the cottage stood.
inthe meantime it grew gradually dark; and as it became so, every now andthen when edward passed a large tree he turned round behind it andlooked to see if corbould was following him.
at last, just as it wasdark, he perceived the figure of a man at no great distance from him,who was following him, running from tree to tree, so as to make hisapproach.
"oh, you are there!"
thought edward, "now will i give you anice dance, and we will see whose legs are tired soonest.
let me see,where am i?"
edward looked round, and then perceived that he was closeto the clump of trees where humphrey had made his pit-fall for thecattle, and there was a clear spot of about a quarter of a mile betweenit and where he now stood.
edward made up his mind, and immediatelywalked out to cross the clearing, calling holdfast to heel.
it was nownearly dark, for there was only the light of the stars; but still therewas sufficient light to see his way.
as edward crossed the clearedspot, he once looked round and perceived that corbould was followinghim, and nearer than he was before, trusting probably to the increaseddarkness to hide his approach.
"that will do," thought edward, "comealong, my fine fellow."
and edward walked on till he came to thepit-fall; there he stopped and looked round, and soon discovered theverderer at a hundred yards' distance.
edward held his dog by themouth, that he should not growl or bark, and then went on in a directionso as to bring the pit-fall exactly between corbould and himself.
having done so, he proceeded at a more rapid pace; and corbouldfollowing him, also increased his, till he arrived at the pit-fall,which he could not perceive, and fell into it headlong; and as he fellinto the pit, at the same time edward heard the discharge of his gun,the crash of the small branches laid over it, and a cry on the part ofcorbould.
"that will do," thought edward, "now you may lie there aslong as the gipsy did, and that will cool your courage.
humphrey'spit-fall is full of adventure.
in this case it has done me a service.
now i may turn and go home as fast as i can.
come, holdfast, old boy,we both want our suppers.
i can answer for one, for i could eat thewhole of that pasty which oswald set before me this morning."
edwardwalked at a rapid pace, quite delighted at the issue of the adventure.
as he arrived near to the cottage he found humphrey outside, with pablo,on the look-out for him.
he soon joined them, and soon after embracedalice and edith, who had been anxiously waiting for his return, and whohad wondered at his being out so late.
"give me my supper, my deargirls," said edward; "and then you shall know all about it."
as soon as edward had satisfied his craving appetite--for he had not, asmy readers must recollect, eaten anything since his departure early inthe morning from the house of oswald partridge--he entered into anarrative of the events of the day.
they all listened with greatinterest; and when edward had finished, pablo, the gipsy boy, jumped up,and said:"now he is in the pit, to-morrow morning i take gun and shoot him."
"no, no, pablo, you must not do that," replied edward, laughing.
"pablo," said little edith, "go and sit down; you must not shootpeople."
"he shoot master then," said pablo; "he very bad man."
"but if you shoot him, you will be a bad boy, pablo," replied edith, whoappeared to have assumed an authority over him.
pablo did not appear tounderstand this, but he obeyed the order of his little mistress, andresumed his seat at the chimney-corner.
"but, edward," said humphrey, "what do you propose to do?"
"i hardly know; my idea was to let him remain there for a day or two,and then send to oswald to let him know where the fellow was."
"the only objection to that is," replied humphrey, "that you say his gunwent off as he fell into the pit; it may be probable that he is wounded,and if so, he might die if he is left there."
"you are right, humphrey, that is possible; and i would not have thelife of a fellow-creature on my conscience."
"i think it would be advisable, edward, that i should set off earlyto-morrow on the pony, and see oswald, tell him all that has occurred,and show him where the pit-fall is."
"i believe that would be the best plan, humphrey."
"yes," said alice, "it would be dreadful that a man should die in sowicked a state; let him be taken out, and perhaps he will repent."
"won't god punish him, brother?"
"yes, my dear, sooner or later, the vengeance of heaven overtakes thewicked.
but i am very tired after so long a walk; let us go to prayers,and then to bed."
the danger that edward had incurred that day was felt strongly by thewhole party; and, with the exception of pablo, there was earnestdevotion and gratitude to heaven when their orisons were offered up.
humphrey was off before daybreak, and, at nine o'clock, had arrived atthe cottage of oswald, by whom he was warmly greeted before the cause ofhis unexpected arrival was made known.
oswald was greatly annoyed athumphrey's narration, and appeared to be very much of the opinion ofpablo, which was, to leave the scoundrel where he was; but on theremonstrance of humphrey, he set off, with two of the other verderers,and before nightfall humphrey arrived at the pit-fall, where they heardcorbould groaning below.
said oswald, looking into the pit.
"it's me--it's corbould," replied the man.
"are you hurt?"
"yes, badly," replied corbould; "when i fell, my gun went off, and theball has gone through my thigh.
i have almost bled to death."
humphrey went for the ladder, which was at hand, and, with much exertionon the part of the whole four of them, they contrived to drag outcorbould, who groaned heavily with pain.
a handkerchief was tiedtightly round his leg, to prevent any further bleeding, and they gavehim some water, which revived him.
"now, what's to be done?"
said oswald; "we can never get him home."
"i will tell you," said humphrey, walking with him aside.
"it will notdo for any of these men to know our cottage, and we cannot take themthere.
desire them to remain with the man, while you go for a cart tocarry him home.
we will go to the cottage, give billy his supper, andthen return with him in the cart, and bring your men something to eat.
then i will go with you, and bring the cart back again before daylight.
it will be a night's walk, but it will be the safest plan."
"i think so too," replied oswald, who desired the men to wait till hisreturn, as he was going to borrow a cart; and then set off withhumphrey.
as soon as they arrived at the cottage, humphrey gave the pony to pabloto put into the stable and feed, and then communicated to edward thestate of corbould.
"it's almost a pity that he had not killed himself out-right," observedoswald; "it would have been justice to him for attempting your lifewithout any cause; he is a bloodthirsty scoundrel, and i wish he wasanywhere but where he is.
however, the intendant shall know of it, andi have no doubt that he will be discharged."
"do nothing in a hurry, oswald," replied edward; "at present let himgive his own version of the affair; for he may prove more dangerous whendischarged than when under your control.
now sit down and take yoursupper.
billy must have an hour to get his, and therefore there is nohurry for you."
"that is your gipsy lad, edward, is he not?"
"i like the boy's looks; but they are a queer race.
you must not trusthim too much," continued oswald, in an under tone, "until you have triedhim, and are satisfied of his fidelity.
they are very excitable, andcapable of strong attachment if well treated, that i know; for i did agipsy a good turn once, and it proved to be the saving of my lifeafterwards."
"oh, tell us how, oswald," said alice.
"it is too long a story now, my dear little lady," replied oswald; "buti will another time.
whatever he may do, do not strike him; for theynever forgive a blow, i am told by those who know them, and it neverdoes them any good; as i said before, they are a queer race."
"he will not be beaten by us," replied humphrey, "depend upon it, unlessedith slaps him; for she is the one who takes most pains with him, and ipresume he would not care much about her little hand."
"no, no," replied oswald, laughing, "edith may do as she pleases.
whatdoes he do for you?"
"oh, nothing as yet, for he is hardly recovered, poor fellow," repliedhumphrey.
"he follows edith, and helps her to look for the eggs; andlast night he set some springes after his own fashion, and certainlybeat me, for he took three rabbits and a hare, while i, with all mytraps, only took one rabbit."
"i think you had better leave that part of your livelihood entirely tohim; he has been bred up to it, humphrey, and it will be his amusement.
you must not expect him to work very hard; they are not accustomed toit.
they live a roving life, and never work if they can help it; still,if you make him fond of you, he may be very useful, for they are veryclever and handy."
"i hope to make him useful," replied humphrey, "but still i will notforce him to do what he does not like.
he is very fond of the ponyalready, and likes to take care of him."
"bring him over to me, one of these days, so that he may know where tofind me.
it may prove of consequence if you have a message to send, andcannot come yourselves."
"that is very true," replied edward; "i will not forget it.
humphrey,shall you or i go with the cart?"
"humphrey, by all means; it will not do for them to suppose i had thecart from you, edward; they do not know humphrey, and he will be offagain in the morning before they are up."
"very true," replied edward.
"and it is time for us to set off," replied oswald.
"will mistressalice oblige me with something for my men to eat?
for they have fastedthe whole day."
"yes," replied alice, "i will have it ready before the pony is in thecart.
edith, dear, come with me."
humphrey then went out to harness the pony, and when all was ready, heand oswald set off again.
when they arrived at the pit-fall they found corbould lying between thetwo other verderers, who were sitting by his side.
corbould was muchrecovered since his wound had been bound up, and he was raised up andput on the fodder which humphrey had put into the cart, and theyproceeded on their journey to the other side of the forest, theverderers eating what humphrey had brought for them as they walkedalong.
it was a tedious and painful journey for the wounded man, whoshrieked out when the cart was jolted by the wheel getting into a rut orhole; but there was no help for it, and he was very much exhausted whenthey arrived, which was not till past midnight.
corbould was then takento his cottage and put on the bed, and another verderer sent for asurgeon: those who had been with oswald were glad to go to bed, for ithad been a fatiguing day.
humphrey remained with oswald for threehours, and then again returned with billy, who, although he had crossedthe forest three times in the twenty-four hours, appeared quite freshand ready to go back again.
"i will let you know how he gets on, humphrey, and what account he givesof his falling into the pit; but you must not expect me for a fortnightat least."
humphrey wished oswald good-bye; and billy was so anxious to get back tohis stable that humphrey could not keep him at a quiet pace.
"horses,and all animals indeed, know that there is no place like home; it is apity that men, who consider themselves much wiser, have not the sameconsideration," thought humphrey as the pony trotted along.
humphreythought a good deal about the danger that edward had been subjected to,and said to himself, "i really think that i should be more comfortableif edward was away.
i am always in a fidget about him.
i wish the newking, who is now in france, would raise an army and come over.
it isbetter that edward should be fighting in the field than remain here andrisk being shot as a deer-stealer, or put in prison.
the farm issufficient for us all; and when i have taken in more ground it will bemore than sufficient, even if i do not kill the wild cattle.
i am fitfor the farm, but edward is not.
he is thrown away, living in thisobscurity, and he feels it.
he will always be in hot water some way oranother, that is certain.
what a narrow escape he has had with thatscoundrel, and yet how little he cares for it!
he was intended for asoldier, that is evident; and if ever he is one, he will be in hiselement, and distinguish himself, if it pleases god to spare his life.
i'll persuade him to stay at home a little while to help me to enclosethe other piece of ground; and after that is done, i'll dig a saw-pit,and see if i can coax pablo to saw with me.
i must go to lymington andbuy a saw.
if i once could get the trees sawed up into planks, what aquantity of things i could make, and how i could improve the place."
thus thought humphrey as he went along; he was all for the farm andimprovements, and was always calculating when he should have anothercalf or a fresh litter of pigs.
his first idea was, that he would makepablo work hard; but the advice he had received from oswald was notforgotten; and he now was thinking how he should coax pablo intostanding below in the saw-pit, which was not only hard work, butdisagreeable, from the sawdust falling into the eyes.
humphrey'scogitations were interrupted by a halloo, and turning round in thedirection of the voice, he perceived edward, and turned the cart to joinhim.
"you're just come in time, humphrey; i have some provision for alice'slarder.
i took my gun and came out on the path which i knew you wouldreturn on, and i have killed a young buck.
he is good meat, and we arescarce of provisions."
humphrey helped edward to put the venison in the cart, and they returnedto the cottage, which was not more than three miles off.
humphrey toldedward the result of his journey, and then proposed that edward shouldstop at home for a few days and help him with the new enclosure.
tothis edward cheerfully consented; and as soon as they arrived at thecottage, and humphrey had had his breakfast, they took their axes andwent out to fell at a cluster of small spruce-firs about a mile off.
"now, humphrey, what do you propose to do?"
"this," replied humphrey: "i have marked out three acres or thereaboutsof the land running in a straight line behind the garden.
there is nota tree on it, and it is all good feeding-ground.
what i intend to do isto enclose it with the spruce-fir posts and rails that we are about tocut down, and then set a hedge upon a low bank which i shall raise allround inside the rails.
i know where there are thousands of seedlingthorns, which i shall take up in the winter, or early in the spring, toput in, as the bank will be ready for them by that time."
"well, that's all very good; but i fear it will be a long while beforeyou have such a quantity of land dug up."
"yes, of course it will; but, edward, i have plenty of manure to spare,and i shall put it all over this land, and then it will become a richpasture, and also an earlier pasture than what we can get from theforest, and will be very handy to turn the cows and the calves upon; oreven billy, if we want him in a hurry."
"all that is very true," replied edward, "so that it will be useful, atall events, if you do not dig it up."
"indeed it will," replied humphrey; "i only wish it were six acresinstead of three."
"i can't say i do," replied edward, laughing; "you are too grand in yourideas; only think what a quantity of spruces we shall have to cut downon it, to post and rail what you just propose.
let it be three acresfirst, humphrey; and when they are enclosed, you may begin to talk ofthree more."
"well, perhaps you are right, edward," said humphrey.
"why, here's pablo coming after us: he's not coming to work, i presume,but to amuse himself by looking on."
"i don't think he is strong enough to do much hard work, humphrey,although he appears very ingenious."
"no, i agree with you; and if he is to work, depend upon it it must notbe by having work set out for him; he would take a disgust to itdirectly.
i have another plan for him."
"and what is that, humphrey?"
"i shall not set him anything to do, and shall make him believe that ido not think he is able to do anything.
that will pique him, and ithink by that means i shall get more work out of him than you wouldthink, especially when, after he has done it, i express my wonder andgive him praise."
"not a bad idea, that; you will work upon his pride, which is probablystronger than his laziness."
"i do not think him lazy, but i think him unused to hard work, and,having lived a life of wandering and idleness, not very easy to bebrought to constant and daily work, except by degrees, and by the meanswhich i propose.--here we are," continued humphrey, throwing his axe andbillhook down, and proceeding to take off his doublet: "now for an houror two's fulfilment of the sentence of our first parents--to wit, `thesweat of the brow.'"
edward followed humphrey's example in taking off his doublet; theyselected the long thin trees most fitted for rails, and were hard atwork when pablo came up to them.
more than a dozen trees had fallen,and lay one upon the other, before they stopped a while to recoverthemselves a little.
"well, pablo," said humphrey, wiping his forehead, "i suppose you thinklooking on better than cutting down trees; and so it is."
"what cut down trees for?"
"to make posts and rails to fence in more ground.
i shall not leave theboughs on."
"no, cut them off by and by, and then put poles on the cart and carrythem home."
edward and humphrey then recommenced their labour, and worked foranother half-hour, when they paused to recover their wind.
"hard work, pablo," said humphrey.
"yes, very hard work; pablo not strong enough."
"oh no, you are not able to do anything of this kind, i know.
no workthis for gipsies; they take birds' nests and catch rabbits."
"yes," replied pablo, nodding; "and you eat them."
"so he does, pablo," said edward; "so you are useful in your way; for ifhe had nothing to eat he would not be able to work.
strong man cut downtrees, weak man catch rabbits."
"both good," said pablo.
"yes, but strong man like work; not strong man not like work, pablo.
sonow look on again, for we must have another spell."
"strong man cut down trees, not strong man cut off branches," saidpablo, taking up the billhook and setting to work to cut off the boughs,which he did with great dexterity and rapidity.
edward and humphrey exchanged glances and smiles, and then worked awayin silence till it was, as they supposed, dinner-time.
they were notwrong in their supposition, although they had no other clock than theirappetites, which, however, tell the time pretty correctly to those whowork hard.
alice had the platters on the table, and was looking out tosee if they were coming.
"why, pablo, have you been at work?"
"yes, little missy--work all the morning."
"indeed he has, and has worked very well, and been very useful," saidedward.
"it has given you an appetite for your dinner, pablo, has it not?"
"have that without work," replied the boy.
"pablo, you are a very good gipsy boy," said edith, patting his headwith a patronising air; "i shall let you walk out with me and carry thebasket to put the eggs in when you come home in the evening."
"that is a reward," said humphrey, laughing.
after dinner they continued their labour, and by supper-time had so manytrees cut down, that they determined to carry home the next day, and laythem along, to see how many more they would want.
while they put thetrees in the cart and took them home, pablo contrived to lop off theboughs and prepare the poles for them to take away.
as soon as they hadcut down sufficient and carted them home, they then selected shortertrees for posts; and when pablo had cleared them of the boughs, theysawed them out the proper lengths, and then carted them home.
thisoccupied nearly the whole week, and then they proceeded to dig holes andset the posts in.
the railing was then to be nailed to the posts, andthat occupied them three days more; so that it was altogether afortnight of hard work before the three acres were enclosed.
"there," said humphrey, "that's a good job over; many thanks, edward,for your assistance; and thank you too, pablo, for you really havehelped us very much indeed, and are a very useful, good boy.
now forraising the bank--that i must do when i can spare time; but my garden isoverrun with weeds, and i must get edith and alice to help me there."
"if you don't want me any longer, humphrey," said edward, "i think ishall go over to see oswald, and take pablo with me.
i want to know howthat fellow corbould is, and what he says; and whether the intendant hascome back; not that i shall go near him or his good little daughter, buti think i may as well go, and it will be a good opportunity of showingpablo the way to oswald's cottage."
"i think so too; and when you come back, edward, one of us must go tolymington; for i require some tools, and pablo is very ragged.
he musthave some better clothes than these old ones of ours if he is to be sentmessages.
don't you think so?"
"certainly i do."
"and i want a thousand things," said alice.
"indeed, mistress, won't less than a thousand content you?"
"yes, perhaps not quite a thousand, but i really do want a great many,and i will make you a list of them.
i have not pans enough for my milk;i want salt; i want tubs; but i will make out a list, and you will findit a very long one."
"well, i hope you have something to sell to pay for them?"
"yes; i have plenty of butter salted down."
"what have you, edith?"
"oh, my chickens are not large enough yet: as soon as they are, humphreymust get me some ducks and geese, for i mean to keep some; and by and byi will have some turkeys; but not yet.
i must wait till humphrey buildsme the new house for them he has promised me."
"i think you are right, edith, about the ducks and geese; they will dowell on the water behind the yard, and i will dig you out a bigger poolfor them."
"edith, my dear, your little fingers are just made to weed my onionswell, and i wish you would do it to-morrow morning, if you have time."
"_yes_, humphrey, but my little fingers won't smell very niceafterwards."
"not till you have washed them, i guess; but there is soap and water,you know."
"yes, i know there is; but if i weed the onions i cannot help alice tomake the butter; however, if alice can do without me i will do it."
"i want some more seeds sadly," said humphrey, "and i must make out mylist.
i must go to lymington myself this time, edward; for you will bepuzzled with all our wants."
"not if i know exactly what you do want; but as i really do not, andprobably should make mistakes, i think it will be better if you do go.
but it is bedtime, and as i shall start early, good-night, sisters; ibeg you will let me have something to eat before i start.
i shall tryfor some venison, as i come back, and shall take smoker with me: he isquite well again, and his ribs are as stout as ever."
"and, edward," said alice, "i wish, when you kill any venison, that youwould bring home some of those parts which you usually throw away, for iassure you, now that we have three dogs, i hardly know how to findenough for them to eat."
"i'll not fail, alice," replied edward, "and now once more good-night."
early the next morning edward took his gun, and, with pablo and smoker,set off for oswald's cottage.
edward talked a great deal with pablo relative to his former life; and,by the answers which the boy gave him, was satisfied that,notwithstanding his doubtful way of bringing up, the lad was notcorrupted, but was a well-minded boy.
as they walked through a grove oftrees, edward still talking, pablo stopped and put his hand beforeedward's mouth, and then stooping down, at the same time seizing smokerby the neck, he pointed with his finger.
edward at first could seenothing, but eventually he made out the horns of an animal just risingabove a hillock.
it was evidently one of the wild cattle.
edwardcocked his gun and advanced cautiously, while pablo remained where hewas, holding smoker.
as soon as he was near enough to hit the head ofthe animal, edward levelled and fired, and pablo let smoker loose, whobounded forward over the hillock.
they followed the dog, and found himabout to seize a calf which stood by a heifer that edward had shot.
edward called him over and went up to the animal; it was a fine youngheifer, and the calf was not more than a fortnight old.
"we cannot stop now, pablo," said edward.
"humphrey would like to havethe calf, and we must take our chance of its remaining by its mothertill we come back.
i think it will for a day or two, so let us pushon."
no further adventure happened, and they arrived a little after noon atoswald's cottage.
he was not at home; his wife saying that she believedthat he was with the intendant, who had come back from london the daybefore.
"but i will put on my hood and see," said the young woman.
in a few minutes she returned with oswald.
"i am glad that you have come, sir," said oswald, as edward extended hishand, "as i have just seen the intendant, and he has been asking manyquestions about you.
i am certain he thinks that you are not thegrandson of jacob armitage, and that he supposes i know who you are.
heasked me where your cottage was, and whether i could not take him to it,as he wished to speak to you, and said that he felt great interest aboutyou."
"and what did you say?"
"i said that your cottage was a good day's journey from here, and i wasnot certain that i knew the exact way, as i had been there but seldom;but that i knew where to find it, after i saw the forests of arnwood.
itold him about corbould and his attempt upon you, and he was very wroth.
i never saw him moved before; and young mistress patience, she wasindeed angry and perplexed, and begged her father to send the assailantaway as soon as he could be moved."
"master heatherstone replied, `leave it to me, my dear;' and then askedme what account corbould gave of himself, and his falling into the pit.
i told him that corbould stated that he was following a deer, which hehad severely wounded about noon-day, and having no dog with him, hecould not overtake it, although he knew by its bleeding track that itcould not hold out much longer.
that he followed it until nightfall,and had it in view and close to him when he fell into the pit."
"well, the story was not badly made up," said edward, "only for a _stag_read _man_; and what did the intendant say to that?"
"he said that he believed you, and that corbould's story was false--as,if it had been a stag that he was following, no one would have knownthat he had fallen into the pit, and he would have remained there tillnow.
i quite forgot to say, that when the intendant said that he wishedto call at your cottage, the young mistress said that she would go withhim, as you had told her that you had two sisters living with you, andshe wished very much to see them and make their acquaintance."
"i am afraid that we shall not be able to prevent this visit, oswald,"replied edward.
"he is in command here, and the forest is in hischarge.
we must see to it.
i only should like, if possible, to havenotice of his coming, that we may be prepared."
"you need no preparation, sir, if he should come," replied oswald.
"very true," said edward; "we have nothing to conceal, and if he findsus in a pickle it is of no consequence."
"rather the better, sir," replied oswald.
"let your sisters be at thewash-tub, and you and your brother carting manure; he will then be morelikely to have no suspicion of your being otherwise than what you assumeto be."
"have you heard any news from london, oswald?"
"not as yet.
i was away yesterday evening, when master heatherstonecame back, and i have not seen his man this morning.
while you eat yourdinner i will go into the kitchen; and if he is not there, phoebe willbe sure to tell me all that she has heard."
"do not say that i am here, oswald, as i do not wish to see theintendant."
"mum's the word, sir; but you must stay in the cottage, or others willsee you, and it may come to his ears."
oswald's wife then put before him a large pie, and some wheaten bread,with a biggin of good beer.
edward helped pablo to a large allowance,and then filled his own platter; while thus occupied oswald partridgehad left the cottage, as agreed.
"what do you say, pablo?
do you think you can walk back to-night?"
like walking at night.
my people always do; sleep in a daytime."
"well, i think it will be better to go home: oswald has only one bed,and i do not wish them to know that i am here; so pablo, eat heartily,and then we shall not be so tired.
i want to get home, that i may sendhumphrey after the calf."
"one bed here; you stay," replied pablo.
"i go home and tell masterhumphrey."
"do you think you would be able to find your way, pablo?"
"once go one way, always know same way again."
"you are a clever fellow, pablo, and i have a mind to try you.
nowdrink some beer.
i think, pablo, you shall go home, and tell humphreythat i and smoker will be where the heifer lies dead, and have itskinned by nine o'clock to-morrow morning; so if he comes, he will findme there."
"yes, i go now."
"no, not now, you must rest yourself a little more."
"pablo not tired," replied the gipsy, getting up; "be back beforesupper.
as i go along, look at calf and dead cow--see if calf stay withmother."
"very well, then, if you wish it, you may go now," said edward.
pablo nodded his head, and disappeared.
a few minutes afterwards oswald made his appearance.
"is the boy gone?"
"yes; he is gone back to the cottage;" and edward then stated how he hadkilled the heifer, and wanted to obtain the calf.
"i've an idea that you will find that boy very useful, if he is properlymanaged."
"i think so too," replied edward; "and i am glad to perceive that he isalready attached to all of us.
we treat him as ourselves."
"you are right; and now for the news that i have to tell you.
the dukehamilton, the earl of holland, and lord capel have been tried,condemned, and executed."
but we must expect it from those who havemurdered their king.
is that all?"
king charles the second has been proclaimed in scotland, andinvited to come over."
"that is indeed news," replied edward.
"where is he now?"
"at the hague; but it was said that he was going to paris."
"that is all that you have heard?"
"yes; that was what was current when master heatherstone was in town.
his man sampson gave me the news; and he further said, `that hismaster's journey to london was to oppose the execution of the threelords; but it was all in vain.'"
"well," replied edward, after a pause, "if the king does come over,there will be some work cut out for some of us, i expect.
your news hasput me in a fever," continued edward, taking up the biggin and drinkinga large draught of beer.
"i thought it would," replied oswald; "but until the time comes, themore quiet you keep the better."
"yes, oswald; but i can't talk any more; i must be left alone to think.
i will go to bed, as i shall be off early in the morning.
is thatfellow corbould getting well?"
"yes, sir; he is out of bed, and walks a little with a stick; but he isstill very lame, and will be for some time."
"good-night, oswald; if i have anything to say i will write and send theboy.
i do not want to be seen here any more."
"it will be best, sir.
good-night; i will put smoker in the kennel tothe right, as he will not be friendly with the other dogs."
edward retired to bed, but not to sleep.
the scots had proclaimed theking, and invited him over.
"he will surely come," thought edward, "andhe will have an army round him as soon as he lands."
edward made up hisresolution to join the army as soon as he had heard that the king hadlanded; and what with considering how he should be able so to do, andafterwards building castles as to what he would do, it was long beforehe fell asleep; and when he did, he dreamt of battles and victory--hewas charging at the head of his troops--he was surrounded by the dyingand the dead.
he was wounded, and he was somehow or another well again,as if by magic; and then the scene was changed, and he was rescuingpatience heatherstone from his own lawless men, and preserving the lifeof her father, which was about to be sacrificed; and at last he awoke,and found that the daylight peeped through the windows, and that he hadslept longer than he had intended to do.
he arose and dressed himselfquickly, and, not waiting for breakfast, went to the kennel, releasedsmoker from his durance, and set off on his return.
before nine o'clock he had arrived at the spot where the heifer laydead.
he found the calf still by its side, bleating and walking rounduneasily.
as he approached with the dog, it went to a farther distance,and there remained.
edward took out his knife, and commenced skinningthe heifer, and then took out the inside.
the animal was quite freshand good, but not very fat, as may be supposed.
while thus occupiedsmoker growled and then sprang forward, bounding away in the directionof the cottage, and edward thought humphrey was at hand.
in a fewminutes the pony and cart appeared between the trees, with humphrey andpablo in it, and smoker leaping up at his friend billy.
"good-morning, humphrey," said edward, "i am almost ready for you; butthe question is, how are we to take the calf?
it is as wild as a deer."
"it will be a puzzler, without smoker can run it down," said humphrey.
"i take him, with smoker," said pablo.
"how will you take it, pablo?"
pablo went to the cart and took out a long small cord which humphrey hadbrought with them, and made a noose at one end; he coiled the rope inhis hand, and then threw it out to its full length, by way of trial.
"this way i take him, suppose i get near enough.
this way take bulls inspain: call him lasso.
now come with me."
pablo had his rope againcoiled in his hand, and then went round to the other side of the calf,which still remained lowing at about 200 yards' distance.
"now tell smoker," cried pablo.
humphrey set smoker upon the calf, which retreated from the dog,presenting his head to run at it; and pablo kept behind the animal,while smoker attacked it, and drove it near to him.
as soon as the calf, which was so busy with the dog that it did notperceive pablo, came sufficiently near to him, pablo threw his rope, andcaught the loop round the animal's neck.
the calf set off gallopingtowards humphrey, and dragging pablo after him, for the latter was notstrong enough to hold it.
humphrey went to his assistance, and then edward, and the calf wasthrown down by smoker, who seized it by the neck, and it was tied andput on the cart in a few minutes.
"well done, pablo!
you are a clever fellow," said edward, "and thiscalf shall be yours."
"it is a cow-calf," said humphrey, "which i am glad of.
pablo, you didthat well, and, as edward says, the calf belongs to you."
pablo looked pleased, but said nothing.
the meat and hide were put into the cart with some of the offal whichalice had asked for the dogs, and they set off on their return home.
humphrey was very anxious to go to lymington, and was not sorry that hehad some meat to take with him: he determined to get off the nextmorning; and edward proposed that he should take pablo with him, that hemight know the way there in case of any emergency, for they both feltthat pablo could be trusted.
edward said he would remain at home withhis sisters, and see if he could be of any use to alice; if not, therewould be work in the garden.
humphrey and pablo went away afterbreakfast, with billy, and the meat and skin of the heifer in the cart.
humphrey had also a large basket of eggs and three dozen of chickensfrom alice to be disposed of, and a list as long as the tail of a kiteof articles which she and edith required; fortunately there was nothingvery expensive on the list, long as it was; but women in those day'srequired needles, pins, buttons, tapes, thread, worsted, and a hundredother little necessaries, as they do now.
as soon as they were goneedward, who was still castle-building instead of offering his servicesto alice, brought out his father's sword and commenced cleaning it.
when he had polished it up to his satisfaction, he felt less inclinedthan ever to do anything; so after dinner he took his gun and walked outinto the forest, that he might indulge in his reveries.
he walked on,quite unconscious of the direction in which he was going, and more thanonce finding his hat knocked off his head by the branch of a tree whichhe had not perceived--for the best of all possible reasons, because hiseyes were cast on the ground--when his ears were saluted with theneighing of a horse.
he looked up and perceived that he was near to aherd of forest ponies, the first that he had seen since he had lived inthe forest.
this roused him, and he looked about him.
"where can i have beenwandering to?"
thought edward: "i never fell in with any of the forestponies before; i must therefore have walked in a direction quitecontrary to what i usually do.
i do not know where i am; the scenery isnew to me.
what a fool i am.
it's lucky that nobody except humphreydigs pitfalls, or i should probably have been in one by this time; andi've brought out my gun and left the dog at home.
well, i suppose i canfind my way back."
edward then surveyed the whole herd of ponies, whichwere at no great distance from him.
there was a fine horse or two amongthem, which appeared to be the leaders of the herd.
they allowed edwardto approach to within two hundred yards, and then, with manes and tailsstreaming in the air, they darted off with the rapidity of the wind.
"now i'll puzzle humphrey when i go back," thought edward.
"he saysthat billy is getting old, and that he wishes he could get another pony.
i will tell him what a plenty there are, and propose that he shouldinvent some way of catching one.
that will be a poser for him; yet i'msure that he'll try, for he is very ingenious.
and now which way am ito turn to find my way home?
i think it ought to be to the north; butwhich is north?
for there is no sun out, and now i perceive it looksvery like rain.
i wonder how long i have been walking!
i'm sure idon't know."
edward then hurried in a direction which he considered might lead himhomeward, and walked fast; but he once more fell into his habit ofcastle-building, and was talking to himself: "the king proclaimed inscotland!
he will come over of course: i will join his army--andthen--"thus he went on, again absorbed in the news which he had gained fromoswald, till on a sudden he again recollected himself, and perceivedthat he had lost sight of the copse of trees on a high hill, to which hehad been directing his steps.
where was it?
he turned round and round,and at last found out that he had been walking away from it.
"i must dream no more," thought he; "or if i do indulge in any moreday-dreams, i certainly shall neither sleep nor dream to-night.
it isgetting dark already, and here am i lost in the forest, and all throughmy own foolishness.
if the stars do not shine, i shall not know how todirect my steps; indeed, if they do, i don't know whether i have walkedsouth or north, and i am in a pretty pickle;--not that i care for beingout in the forest on a night like this; but my sisters and humphrey willbe alarmed at my absence.
the best thing i can do, is to decide upontaking some straight line, and continue in it: i must then get out ofthe forest at last, even if i walk right across it.
that will be betterthan going backwards and forwards, or round and round, as i otherwiseshall do, just like a puppy running after its own tail.
so now shineout, stars."
edward waited until he could make out charles's wain, which he wellknew, and then the polar star.
as soon as he was certain of that, heresolved to travel by it due north, and he did so, sometimes walkingfast, and at others keeping up a steady trot for half a mile withoutstopping.
as he was proceeding on his travels, he observed, under sometrees ahead of him, a spark of fire emitted; he thought it was aglow-worm at first; but it was more like the striking of a flint againststeel; and as he saw it a second time, he stopped, that he mightascertain what it might be before he advanced farther.
it was now very dark, as there was no moon, and the stars were oftenobscured by the clouds, which were heavy, and borne along by the wind,which was very high.
the light again appeared, and this time edwardheard the clash of the flint against the steel, and he was certain thatit was somebody striking a light.
he advanced very cautiously, andarrived at a large tree, behind which he remained to reconnoitre.
thepeople, whoever they might be, were not more than thirty yards from him;a light spread its rays for a moment or two, and he could make out afigure kneeling and holding his hat to protect it from the wind; then itburnt brighter, and he saw that a lantern had been lighted, and thenagain, of a sudden, all was dark again: so edward immediately satisfiedhimself that a dark lantern had been lighted and then closed.
who theparties might be he of course had no idea; but he was resolved that hewould ascertain, if he could, before he accosted them and asked his way.
"they have no dog," thought edward, "or it would have growled beforethis; and it's lucky that i have none either."
edward then crept softlynearer to them: the wind, which was strong, blew from where they were towhere edward stood, so that there was less chance of their hearing hisapproach.
edward went on his hands and knees, and crawled through the fern untilhe gained another tree, and within ten yards of them, and from where hecould hear what they might say.
he was thus cautious, as he had beentold by oswald that there were many disbanded soldiers who had taken uptheir quarters in the forest, and had committed several depredationsupon the houses adjacent to it, always returning to the forest as arendezvous.
edward listened, and heard one say:"it is not time yet!
no, no: too soon by half an hour or more.
thepeople from lymington who buy him what he wants always bring it to himat night, that his retreat may not be discovered.
they sometimes do notleave the cottage till two hours after dark, for they do not leavelymington to go there till it is dark!"
"do you know who it is who supplies him with food?"
"yes, the people at the inn in parliament street--i forget the sign."
yes, the landlord is a downright malignant in his heart!
we might squeeze him well, if we dared show ourselves in lymington."
"yes, but they would squeeze our necks tighter than would be agreeable,i expect," replied the other.
"are you sure that he has money?"
"quite sure; for i peeped through the chinks of the window-shutters, andi saw him pay for the things brought to him; it was from a canvas bag,and it was gold that he took out."
"and where did he put the bag after he had paid them?"
"that i can't tell, for as i knew that they would come out as soon asthey were paid, i was obliged to beat a retreat, lest i should be seen."
"well, then, how is it to be managed?"
"we must first tap at the door, and try if we can get in as benightedtravellers: if that won't do, and i fear it will not, while you remainbegging for admittance at the door, and keep him occupied, i will trythe door behind, that leads into the garden; and if not the door, i willtry the window.
i have examined them both well, and have been outsidewhen he has shut up his shutters, and i know the fastenings.
with apane out, i could open them immediately."
"is there anybody else besides him in the cottage?"
"yes, a lad who attends him, and goes to lymington for him."
"but do you think we two are sufficient?
had we not better get morehelp?
there is broom, and black, the gipsy, at the rendezvous.
i cango for them, and be back in time: they are stout and true."
"stout enough, but not true.
no, no, i want no sharers in thisbusiness, and you know how ill they behaved in the last affair.
i'llswear that they only produced half the swag.
i like honour betweengentlemen and soldiers; and that's why i have chosen you.
i know i cantrust you, benjamin.
it's time now--what do you say?
we are two toone, for i count the boy as nothing.
shall we start?"
"i am with you.
you say there's a bag of gold, and that's worthfighting for."
"yes, ben, and i'll tell you: with what i've got buried, and my share ofthat bag, i shall have enough, i think; and i'll start for the lowcountries, for england's getting rather too warm for me."
"well, i shan't go yet," replied benjamin; "i don't like your foreignparts; they have no good ale, and i can't understand their talk.
i'dsooner remain in jolly old england with a halter twisted ready for me,than pass my life with such a set of chaps who drink nothing butscheidam, and wear twenty pair of breeches.
come, let's be off: if weget the money, you shall go to the low countries, will, and i'll startfor the north, where they don't know me--for if you go, i won't stayhere."
the two men then rose up; and the one whose name appeared to be will,first examined if the candle in his dark lantern burnt well; and thenthey both set off, followed by edward, who had heard quite enough tosatisfy him that they were bent upon a burglary--if not murder.
edwardfollowed them, so as to keep their forms indistinctly in sight, whichwas as much as he could do at twenty yards' distance: fortunately thewind was so high that they did not hear his footsteps, although he oftentrod upon a rotten stick, which snapped as it broke in twain.
as nearas edward could guess, he had tracked them for about three miles, whenthey stopped, and he perceived that they were examining their pistols,which they took from their belts.
they then went on again, and entereda small plantation of oak-trees, of about forty years' growth--verythick and very dark, with close underwood below.
they followed eachother through a narrow path, until they came to a cleared place in themiddle of the plantation, in which there stood a low cottage, surroundedwith covert on every side, with the exception of some thirty yards ofland around it.
all was still, and as dark as pitch; edward remainedbehind the trees, and when the two men again stopped, he was not sixfeet from them.
they consulted in a low tone, but the wind was so highthat he could not distinguish what they said.
at last they advanced tothe cottage, and edward, still keeping within the trees, shifted hisposition so that he should be opposite the gable end of the cottage.
heobserved one man to go up to the front door, while the other went roundto the door behind, as had been agreed.
edward threw open the pan ofthe lock of the gun, and reprimed it, that he might be sure, and thenwaited for what was to follow.
he heard the man will at the front door,talking and asking for shelter in a plaintive but loud voice; andshortly afterwards he perceived a light through the chinks of theshutters--for edward was continually altering his position to see whatwas going on in the front and in the back.
at one time he thought oflevelling his gun and killing one of the men at once; but he could notmake up his mind to do that, as a burglary, although intended, had notyet been committed; so he remained passive until the attack was reallymade, when he resolved that he would come to the rescue.
after someminutes of entreaty that they would open the door, the man in frontcommenced thumping and beating against it, as if he would make them openthe door by force; but this was to attract the attention of thosewithin, and divert it from the attempts that the other was making to getin behind.
edward was aware of this: he now kept his eye upon what wasgoing on at the back.
advancing nearer, which he ventured to do nowthat both the men were so occupied, he perceived that the fellow hadcontrived to open the window close to the back door, and was remainingquite close to it with a pistol in his hand, apparently not wishing torun the risk of climbing in.
edward slipped under the eaves of thecottage, not six feet from the man, who remained with his back partlyturned towards him.
edward then finding he had obtained this positionunperceived, crouched down with his gun ready pointed.
as edward remained in this position, he heard a shrill voice cry out,"they are getting in behind!"
and a movement in the cottage.
the mannear him, who had his pistol in his hand, put his arm through the windowand fired inside.
a shriek was given, and edward fired his gun into thebody of the man, who immediately fell.
edward lost no time in reloadinghis gun, during which he heard the bursting open of the front door andthe report of firearms; then all was silent for a moment, excepting thewailing of somebody within.
as soon as his gun was reloaded edwardwalked round to the front of the cottage, where he found the man who wascalled ben lying across the threshold of the open door.
he steppedacross the body, and, looking into the room within, perceived a bodystretched on the floor, and a young lad weeping over it.
"don't be alarmed, i am a friend," said edward, going in to where thebody lay; and taking the light which was at the farther end of thechamber, he placed it on the floor, that he might examine the state ofthe person who was breathing heavily, and apparently badly wounded.
"rise up, my lad," said edward, "and let me see if i can be of any use."
no," cried the boy, throwing back his long hair from his temples,"he bleeds to death!"
"bring me some water quick," said edward, "there's a good lad, while isee where he is hurt."
the boy ran up to fetch the water, and edward discovered that the ballhad entered the neck, above the collar-bone, and that the blood pouredout of the man's mouth, who was choking with the effusion.
althoughignorant of surgery, edward thought that such a wound must be mortal;but the man was not only alive but sensible, and although he could notutter a word, he spoke with his eyes and with signs.
he raised his handand pointed to himself first, and shook his head, as if to say that itwas all over with him; and then he turned round his head, as if lookingfor the lad, who was now returning with the water.
when the lad againknelt by his side, weeping bitterly, the man pointed to him, and gavesuch an imploring look that edward immediately comprehended what hewished; it was to ask protection for the boy.
it could not bemisunderstood, and could edward do otherwise than promise it to thedying man?
his generous nature could not refuse it, and he said, "iunderstand you; you wish me to take care of your boy when you are gone.
is it not so?"
the man signified assent.
"i promise you i will do so.
i will take him into my own family, and heshall share with us."
the man raised his hand again, and a gleam of joy passed over hisfeatures as he took the hand of the lad and put it into that of edward.
his eyes were then fixed upon edward, as if to scrutinise into hischaracter by his features, while the former bathed his temples andwashed the blood from his mouth with the water brought by the boy, whoappeared in a state of grief so violent as to paralyse his senses.
after a minute or two another effusion of blood choked the wounded man,who, after a short struggle, fell back dead.
"he is gone!"
thought edward, "and now what is to be done?
i must firstascertain whether the two villains are dead or not."
edward took alight and examined the body of ben, lying over the threshold of thedoor; the man was quite dead, the ball having entered his brain.
he wasproceeding round the outside of the cottage to examine the state of theother man, whom he had shot himself; but the wind nearly blew out thelight, and he therefore returned to the chamber and placed it on thefloor, near to where the boy lay insensible over the corpse of the manwho had died in the arms of edward; and then went out without a light,and with his gun, to the other side of the cottage, where the otherrobber had fallen.
as he approached the man, a faint voice was heard tosay:"ben, ben!
some water, for the love of god!
ben, i'm done for!"
edward, without giving an answer, went back to the room for the water,which he took round to the man, and put it to his lips; he felt that hewas bound by humanity so to do to a dying man, scoundrel though he mightbe.
it was still dark, but not so dark as it had previously been, forthe late moon was just rising.
the man drank the water eagerly, and said, "ben, i can speak now, but ishan't long."
he then pulled the basin towards him again, and after hehad drunk, he said in broken sentences, "i feel--that i am bleeding todeath--inside."
then he paused.
"you know the oak--struck bylightning--a mile north--of this.
i'm going fast.
three yardsfrom it south--i buried all my--money; it's yours.
oh, another drink!"
the man again attempted to drink out of the basin proffered by edward;but as he made the attempt he fell back with a groan.
edward, perceiving that he was dead, returned to the cottage to lookafter the lad, who still remained prostrate and embracing the corpse inthe chamber.
edward then reflected upon what had best be done.
after atime he decided upon dragging away the body of the robber named benoutside of the threshold, and then securing the door.
this, with sometrouble, he effected, and he then made fast the window that had beenforced open behind.
before he removed the boy, who lay with his faceburied on the corpse, and appeared to be in a state of insensibility,edward examined the corpse as it lay.
although plainly dressed, yet itwas evident that it was not the body of a rustic; the features werefair, and the beard was carefully cut; the hands were white, and thefingers long, and evidently had never been employed in labour.
that thebody was that of some superior person disguised as a rustic, wasevident, and this was corroborated by the conversation which took placebetween the two robbers.
thought edward, "the family of arnwoodappear not to be the only people who are in disguise in this forest.
that poor boy!
he must not remain there."
edward looked round, andperceived that there was a bed in the adjoining room, the door of whichwas open; he lifted up the boy, and carried him, still insensible, intothe room, and laid him on the bed.
he then went for some more water,which he found and threw into his face, and poured a little into hismouth.
gradually the boy stirred, and recovered from his stupor, andthen edward held the water to his mouth, and made him drink some, whichhe did, and then, suddenly aroused to a recollection of what had passed,the boy gave a shriek of woe, and burst into a paroxysm of tears.
thisended in convulsive sobbings and low moanings.
edward felt that hecould do no more at present, and that it would be better if he was leftfor a time to give vent to his grief.
edward sat down on a stool by theside of the orphan, and remained for some time in deep and melancholythought.
"how strange," thought he at last, "it is, that i should feelso little as i do now, surrounded by death, compared to what i did whengood old jacob armitage died!
then i felt it deeply, and there was anawe in death.
now i no longer dread it.
is it because i loved the goodold man, and felt that i had lost a friend?
no, that cannot be thecause; i may have felt more grief but not awe or dread.
or is itbecause that was the first time that i had seen death, and it is thefirst sight of death which occasions awe?
or is it because that everyday i have fancied myself on the battle-field, with hundreds lying deadand wounded around me, in my dreamings?
i know not.
poor old jacobdied peaceably in his bed, like a good christian, and trusting, after ablameless life, to find mercy through his saviour.
two of these who arenow dead, out of the three, have been summoned away in the height oftheir wickedness, and in the very commission of crime; the third hasbeen foully murdered; and out of three lying dead, one has fallen by myown hand, and yet i feel not so much as when i attended the couch, andlistened to the parting words of a dying christian!
i cannot accountfor it, or reason why; i only know that it is so, and i now look upondeath unconcerned.
well, this is a kind of preparation for thewholesale murder and horrors of the battle-field, which i have so longsighed for--god forgive me if i am wrong!
and this poor boy!
i havepromised to protect him, and i will.
could i fail my promise, i shouldimagine the spirit of his father (as i presume he was) looking down andupbraiding me.
no, no, i will protect him.
i and my brother andsisters have been preserved and protected, and i were indeed vile if idid not do to others as i have been done by.
and now let me reflectwhat is to be done.
i must not take the boy away, and bury the bodies;this person has friends at lymington, and they will come here.
themurder has taken place in the forest: then i must let the intendant knowwhat has occurred.
i will send over to oswald; humphrey shall go.
what a state of anxiety must he and my little sisters be in atmy not returning home!
i had quite forgotten that; but it cannot behelped.
i will wait till sunrise, and then see if the boy will be morehimself, and probably from him i shall be able to find out what part ofthe forest i am in."
edward took up the candle and went into the room in which he had laidthe boy on the bed.
he found him in a sound sleep.
"poor fellow," saidedward, "he has for a time forgotten his misery.
what a beautiful boyhe is!
i long to know his history.
sleep on, my poor fellow!
it willdo you service."
edward then returned to the other room, and recollected, or rather wasreminded, that he had had no supper, and it was now nearly dawn of day.
he looked into a cupboard and found plenty of provisions and some flasksof wine.
"i have earned my supper," thought he, "and i will not,therefore, deny myself."
so he brought out the viands and a flask ofwine, and made a hearty meal.
"it is long since i have tasted wine,"thought he, "and it may be long ere i drink it again.
i have littlerelish for it now; it is too fiery to the palate.
i recollect, when achild, how my father used to have me at the table, and give me a stoupof claret, which i could hardly lift to my lips, to drink to the healthof the king."
the memory of the king raised other thoughts in edward'smind, and he again sank into one of his reveries, which lasted till hefell into a slumber.
when he woke up, it was at the voice of the boy,who in his sleep had cried out "father!"
edward started up, and foundthat the sun was an hour high, and that he must have slept some time.
he gently opened the cottage-door, looked at the bodies of the two men,and then walked out to survey the locality of the cottage, which he hadbut faintly made out during the night.
he found that it was surroundedby a thicket of trees and underwood, so close and thick that thereappeared to him no outlet in any direction.
"what a place forconcealment!"
thought edward, "but still these prowling thievesdiscovered it.
why, troops of horse might scour the forest for months,and never discover such a hiding-place."
edward walked round by theside of the thicket, to find out the track by which the robbers hadentered when he followed them, and at last succeeded in doing so.
hefollowed the path through the thicket until he was clear of it and againin the forest, but the scenery outside was unknown to him, and he hadnot an idea as to what part of the forest it was in.
"i must questionthe boy," thought edward.
"i will go back and wake him up, for it istime that i was moving."
as he was again turning into the thicket heheard a dog giving tongue, as if on a scent.
it came nearer and nearerto him, and edward remained to see what it might be.
in a moment morehe perceived his own dog, smoker, come bounding out of a neighbouringcopse, followed by humphrey and pablo.
smoker sprangtowards him, leaping up, and loading him with caresses, and in anothermoment he was in humphrey's arms.
"oh, edward, let me first thank god!"
said humphrey, as the tearsstarted and rolled down his cheeks.
"what a night we have passed!
that dear fellow pablo thought of putting smoker on thescent; he brought out your jacket and showed it to smoker, and gave ithim to smell, and then led him along till he was on your footsteps; andthe dog followed him, it seems, although it has been round and round inevery direction, till at last he has brought us to you."
edward shook hands with pablo, and thanked him.
"how far are we fromthe cottage, humphrey?"
"about eight miles, i should say, edward; not more."
"well, i have much to tell you, and i must tell it to you in few wordsbefore i go farther, and afterwards i will tell you all in detail."
edward then gave a succinct narration of what had occurred, and, havingthus prepared humphrey and pablo for what they were to see, led the wayback through the thicket to the cottage inside of it.
humphrey andpablo were much shocked at the scene of slaughter which presented itselfto their eyes; and, after having viewed the bodies, they began toconsult what had best be done.
the proposal of edward, that humphrey should go over and make known thecircumstances to oswald, that they might be communicated to theintendant, was readily acceded to; and pablo, it was agreed, should gohome and tell alice and edith that edward was safe.
"but now, humphrey, about this boy; we cannot leave him here."
"where is he?"
"he still sleeps, i believe.
the question is, whether you should rideover with the pony or walk, and leave pablo to return with the pony andcart; for i will not take the boy away or leave the house myself withoutremoving the property which belongs to the boy, and of which i will makeinquiry when he wakes.
besides, there is money, by what the robbersstated, which of course must be taken care of for him."
"i think it will be best for me to walk over, edward.
if i ride, ishould arrive too late in the afternoon for anything to be done tillnext morning, and if i walk, i shall be in time enough, so that issettled.
besides, it will give you more time to remove the boy'sproperty, which, as his father was in all probability a malignant, and adenounced man, they might think right to secure for the government."
"very true; then be it so.
do you start for the intendant's; and pablo,go home and fetch the pony and cart, while i remain here with the boy,and get everything ready."
humphrey and pablo both set off, and then edward went to waken the boy,still lying on the bed.
"come, you must get up now.
you know that what's done cannot be undone;and if you are a good boy, and have read the bible, you must know thatwe must submit to the will of god, who is our kind father in heaven."
said the boy, who was awake when edward went to him, "i knowwell it is my duty, but it is a hard duty, and i am heart-broken.
ihave lost my father, the only friend i had in the world: who is there tolove and to cherish me now?
what will become of me?"
"i promised your father, before he died, that i would take care of you,my poor fellow; and a promise is sacred with me, even if it were notmade to a dying man.
i will do my best, depend upon it, for i haveknown myself what it is to want and to find a protector.
you shall livewith me and my brother and sisters, and you shall have all we have."
"have you sisters, then?"
replied the boy.
"yes; i have sent for the cart to take you away from this, and to-nightyou shall be in our cottage; but now tell me--i do not ask who yourfather was, or why he was living here in secret, as i found it out bywhat i overheard the robbers say to one another--but how long have youlived here?"
"more than a year."
"whose cottage is it?"
"my father bought it when he came, as he thought it safer so, that hemight not be discovered or betrayed; for he had escaped from prisonafter having been condemned to death by the parliament."
"then he was a loyal man to his king?"
"yes he was, and that was his only crime."
"then fear not, my good boy; we are all loyal as well as he was, andwill never be otherwise.
i tell you this that you may safely trust tous.
now, if the cottage was his, the furniture and property were hisalso."
"yes; all was his."
"and it is now yours, is it not?"
"i suppose so," said the boy, bursting into tears.
"then listen to me;--your father is safe from all persecution now; heis, i trust, in heaven; and you they cannot touch, as you have donenothing to offend them; but still they will take possession of yourfather's property as soon as they know of his death, and find out who hewas.
this, for your sake, i wish to prevent them from doing, and havetherefore sent for the cart, that i may remove to my cottage everythingthat is of value, that it may be held for your benefit; some day oranother you may require it.
the murder having been committed in theforest, and i having been a witness, and, moreover, having shot one ofthe robbers, i have considered it right to send over to the intendant ofthe forest to give him notice of what has taken place within hisjurisdiction.
i do not think he is so bad a man as the rest; but still,when he comes here, he may consider it his duty to take possession ofeverything for the parliament, as i have no doubt such are his orders,or will be when he communicates with the parliament.
now this is arobbery which i wish to prevent, by carrying away your property beforethey come over, which they will to-morrow, and i propose that you shallaccompany me, with all that you can take away, or that may be useful,this evening."
"you are very kind," replied the boy.
"i will do all you wish; but ifeel very weak, and very unwell."
"you must exert yourself for your own sake, my poor fellow.
come, now,sit up and put all your own clothes together.
collect everything inthis room, while i look about the house.
and tell me, had not yourfather some money?
for the robbers said that they saw him counting itout of a sack, through the chinks of the shutters, and that was why theymade the attack."
cried the boy.
"yes, he had, i believe, a great dealof money; but i cannot say how much."
"now get up, and do as i request, my dear boy," said edward, raising himup in his arms; "when your grief is lessened, you may have many happydays yet in store for you; you have a father in heaven that you must putyour trust in, and with him you will find peace."
the boy rose up, and edward closed the door of the chamber, that hemight not see his father's corpse.
"i do put my trust in heaven, good sir," replied the boy, "for it hasalready sent me a kind friend in my distress.
you are good, i am sure;i see that in your face.
how much more wretched would have beenmy condition if you had not fortunately come to our assistance!
toolate, indeed, to save my poor father, but not too late to succour andconsole his child.
i will go away with you, for i cannot stay here."
edward then took the counterpane off the bed, and went with it into thenext room.
he gently drew the body to the corner of the room, andcovered it up with the counterpane, and then proceeded to examine thecupboards, etcetera.
in one he found a good store of books, in anotherthere was linen of all sorts, a great many curious arms, two suits ofbright armour such as worn in those times, pistols and guns, andammunition.
on the floor of one of the cupboards was an iron chestabout two feet by eighteen inches.
it was locked.
edward immediatelyconcluded that this chest held the money of the unfortunate man; butwhere was the key?
most likely about his person.
he did not like toafflict the poor boy by putting the question to him, but he went to thebody and examined the pockets of the clothes; he found a bunch ofseveral keys, which he took, and then replaced the coverlid.
he triedone of the keys, which appeared to be of the right size, to the lock ofthe iron chest, and found that it fitted it.
satisfied with this, hedid not raise the lid of the chest, but dragged it out into the centreof the room.
there were many things of value about the room; thecandlesticks were silver, and there were goblets of the same metal.
edward collected all these articles, and a timepiece, and put them intoa basket, of which there were two large ones at the end of the room,apparently used for holding firewood.
everything that he thought couldbe useful, or of value, he gathered together for the benefit of the poororphan boy.
he afterwards went into another small room, where he foundsundry small trunks and cases locked-up.
these he brought out withoutexamining, as he presumed that they contained what was of value, or theywould not be locked.
when he had collected everything, he found that hehad already more than the cart could carry in one trip; and he wanted totake some bedding with him, as he had not a spare bed in the cottage togive to the boy.
edward decided in his own mind that he would take themost valuable articles away that night, and return with the cart for theremainder early on the following morning.
it was now past noon, andedward took out of the cupboard what victuals were left, and then wentinto the chamber where the boy was, and begged that he would eatsomething.
the poor boy said that he had no appetite; but edwardinsisted, and at last prevailed upon him to eat some bread and drink aglass of wine, which proved of great service to him.
the poor fellowshuddered as he saw the body covered up in the corner of the room, butsaid nothing.
edward was trying to make him eat a little more, whenpablo made his appearance at the door.
"have you put up all that you want in the bed-chamber?"
"yes, i have put up everything."
"then we will bring them out.
come, pablo, you must help us."
pablo made signs, and pointed to the door.
edward went out.
"first pull body away from this."
"yes," replied edward; "we must do so."
edward and pablo pulled the body of the robber on one side of thedoorway, and threw over it some dried fern which lay by; they thenbacked the cart down to the door; the iron chest was first got in, thenall the heavy articles, such as armour, guns, and books, etcetera, andby that time the cart was more than half-loaded.
edward then went intothe chamber, and brought out the packages the boy had made up, and putthem all in the cart until it was loaded high up; they brought out someblankets, and laid over all, to keep things steady; and then edward toldthe boy that all was ready, and that they had better go.
"yes, i am willing," replied he, with streaming eyes; "but let me seehim once more."
"come, then," said edward, leading him to the corpse, and uncovering theface.
the boy knelt down, kissed the forehead and cold lips, covered up theface again, and then rose and wept bitterly on edward's shoulder.
edward did not attempt to check his sorrow; he thought it better itshould have vent; but, after a time, he led the boy by degrees till theywere out of the cottage.
"now, then," said edward, "we must go, or we shall be late.
my poorlittle sisters have been dreadfully alarmed at my not having come homelast night, and i long to clasp them in my arms."
"indeed you must," replied the boy, wiping away his tears, "and i amvery selfish; let us go on."
"no room for cart to get through wood," said pablo; "hard work, cartempty--more hard work, cart full."
and so it proved to be; and it required all the united efforts of billy,edward, and pablo, to force a passage for the cart through the narrowpathway; but at last it was effected, and then they went on at a quickpace, and in less than two hours the cottage was in sight.
when withintwo hundred yards of it, edith, who had been on the watch, came boundingout, flew into edward's arms, and covered him with kisses.
"you naughty edward, to frighten us so!"
"look, edith, i have brought you a nice little play-fellow.
edith extended her hand as she looked into the boy's face.
"he is a pretty boy, edward, much prettier than pablo."
"no, missy edith," said pablo; "pablo more man than he."
"yes, you may be more man, pablo; but you are not pretty."
"and where is alice?"
"she was getting supper ready, and i did not tell her that i saw youcoming, because i wanted first kiss."
"you little jealous thing!
but here comes alice.
dear alice, you havebeen very uneasy, but it was not my fault," said edward, kissing her.
"if i had not been where i was this poor boy would have been killed aswell as his father.
make him welcome, alice, for he is an orphan now,and must live with us.
i have brought many things in the cart, andto-morrow we will bring more, for we have no bed for him, and to-nighthe must sleep with me."
"we will make him as happy as we can, edward; and we will be sisters tohim," said alice, looking at the boy, who was blushing deeply.
"how oldare you?
and what is your name?"
"i am thirteen years old next january," replied the boy.
"and your christian name?"
"i will tell you by and by," replied he, confused.
they arrived at the cottage, and edward and pablo were busy unpackingthe cart, and putting all the contents into the inner chamber, wherepablo now slept, when alice, who, with edith, had been talking to theboy, came to edward and said--"edward, she's a girl!"
replied edward, astonished.
"yes, she has told me so, and wished me to tell you."
"but why does she wear boys' clothes?"
"it was her father's wish, as he was very often obliged to send her tolymington to a friend's house, and he was afraid of her getting intotrouble; but she has not told me her story as yet--she says that shewill to-night."
"well, then," replied edward, "you must make up a bed for her in yourroom to-night.
take pablo's bed, and he shall sleep with me.
to-morrowmorning i will bring some more bedding from her cottage."
"how humphrey will be surprised when he comes back!"
"yes; she will make a nice little wife for him some years hence; and shemay prove an heiress perhaps, for there is an iron chest with money init."
alice returned to her new companion, and edward and pablo continued tounload the cart.
"well, pablo, i suppose you will allow that, now that you know she is agirl, she is handsomer than you?"
"oh yes," replied pablo, "very handsome girl; but too much girl forhandsome boy."
at last everything was out of the cart, the iron chest dragged intopablo's room, and billy put into his stable and given his supper, whichhe had well earned, for the cart had been very heavily loaded.
theythen all sat down to supper, edward saying to their new acquaintance--"so i find that i am to have another sister instead of another brother.
now you will tell me your name?"
"yes; clara is my name."
"and why did you not tell me that you are a girl?"
"i did not like, because i was in boys' clothes, and felt ashamed;indeed i was too unhappy to think about what i was.
my poor dearfather!"
and she burst into tears.
alice and edith kissed her and consoled her, and she became calm again.
after supper was over they busied themselves making arrangements for hersleeping in their room, and then they went to prayers.
"we have much to be thankful for, my dears," said edward.
"i am sure ifeel that i have been in great danger, and i only wish that i had beenmore useful than i have been; but it has been the will of god, and wemust not arraign his decrees.
let us return thanks for his greatmercies, and bow in submission to his dispensations, and pray that hewill give peace to poor little clara, and soften her affliction."
and as edward prayed, little clara knelt and sobbed, while alicecaressed her with her arm round her waist, and at times stopped herprayer to kiss and console her.
when they had finished, alice led heraway to her bedroom, followed by edith, and they put her to bed.
edwardand pablo also retired, both worn out by the fatigue and excitement ofthe day.
they were up on the following morning at day-dawn, and, putting billy inthe cart, set off for the cottage of clara.
they found everything asthey had left it, and, having loaded the cart with what had been leftbehind the day before, the bedding for two beds, with several articlesof furniture which edward thought might be useful, there being still alittle room left, edward packed up in a wooden case with dried fern allthe wine that was in the cupboard; and, having assisted pablo in forcingthe cart once more through the path in the wood, he left him to returnhome with the cart, while he remained to wait the arrival of humphrey,and whoever might come with him from the intendant's.
about teno'clock, as he was watching outside of the wood, he perceived severalpeople approaching him, and soon made out that humphrey, the intendant,and oswald were among the number.
when they came up to him edwardsaluted the intendant in a respectful manner, shook hands with oswald,and then led the way by the narrow path through the wood to the cottage.
the intendant was on horseback, but all the rest were on foot.
the intendant left his horse to the care of one of the verderers, andwent through the wood on foot with the of the party, preceded by edward.
he appeared to be very grave and thoughtful, and edward thought thatthere was a coolness in his manner towards himself,--for it must berecollected that mr heatherstone had not seen edward since he hadrendered him such service in saving the life of his daughter.
theconsequence was, that edward felt somewhat indignant, but he did notexpress his feelings, by his looks even, but conveyed the party insilence to the cottage.
on their arrival, edward pointed to the body ofthe robber, which had been covered with fern, and the verderers exposedit.
"by whose hand did that man fall?"
said the intendant.
"by the hand of the party who lived in the cottage."
edward then led the way round to the back of the cottage where the otherrobber lay--"and this man was slain by my hand," replied edward.
"we have one more body to see," continued edward, leading the way intothe cottage and uncovering the corpse of clara's father.
mr heatherstone looked at the face and appeared much moved--"cover itup," said he, turning away; and then sitting down on a chair close tothe table--"and how was this found?"
"i neither saw this person killed nor the robber you first saw, but iheard the report of the firearms at almost the same moment, and ipresume that they fell by each other's hands."
the intendant called his clerk, who had accompanied him, and desired himto get ready his writing materials, and then said--"edward armitage, we will now take down your deposition as to what hasoccurred."
edward then commenced by stating "that he was out in the forest and hadlost his way, and was seeking his way home--""you were out in the forest during the night?"
"yes, sir, i was."
"with your gun?"
"i always carry my gun," replied edward.
"in pursuit of game?"
"no, sir, i was not.
i have never been out in pursuit of game duringnight-time in my life."
"what were you then about?
you did not go out for nothing?"
"i went out to commune with my own thoughts: i was restless, and iwandered about without knowing where i went, and that is the reason whyi lost my way."
"and pray what may have excited you?"
"i will tell you: i was over with oswald partridge the day before; youhad just arrived from london, and he gave me the news that king charleshad been proclaimed in scotland, and that news unsettled me."
edward met with no more interruption in his narrative.
he statedbriefly all that had taken place, from the time he fell in with therobbers till the winding up of the catastrophe.
the clerk took down all that edward had stated, and then read it over tohim, to ascertain if he had written it down correctly, and then inquiredof edward if he could read and write.
"i should hope so," replied edward, taking the pen and signing his name.
the clerk stared, and then said, "people in your condition do not oftenknow how to read and write, mr forester, and therefore you need not beoffended at the question."
"very true," replied edward.
"may i ask if my presence is consideredany longer to be necessary?"
"you stated that there was a boy in the house, young man," said theintendant: "what has become of him?"
"he is removed to my cottage."
"why did you do so?"
"because when his father died i promised to him that i would take careof his child; and i intend to keep my word."
"you had spoken with him, then, before he died?"
said the intendant.
"not so; it was all carried on by signs on his part, but it was asintelligible as if he spoke, and what i replied he well understood; andi really think i removed a great anxiety off his mind by giving him thepromise."
the intendant paused, and then said, "i perceive that some articles havebeen removed--the bedding, for instance--have you taken anything away?"
"i have removed bedding, for i had no bed to offer to the lad, and hetold me that the cottage and furniture belonged to his father; of courseby his father's death it became his, and i felt that i was warranted inso doing."
"may i ask, did you remove any papers?"
"i cannot tell; the lad packed up his own things; there were some boxesremoved, which were locked-up, and the contents are to me whollyunknown.
i could not leave the boy here in this scene of death, and icould not well leave the property belonging to him to be at the mercy ofany other plunderers of the forest.
i did as i considered right for thebenefit of the boy, and in accordance with the solemn promise which imade to his father."
"still the property should not have been removed.
the party who nowlies dead there is a well-known malignant."
"how do you know that, sir?"
interrupted edward; "did you recognise himwhen you saw the body?"
"i did not say that i did," replied the intendant.
"you either must have so done, sir," replied edward, "or you must havebeen aware that he was residing in this cottage: you have to choosebetween."
"you are bold, young man," replied the intendant, "and i will reply toyour observation.
i did recognise the party when i saw his face, and iknew him to be one who was condemned to death, and who escaped fromprison a few days before the one appointed for his execution.
i heardsearch had been made for him, but in vain, and it was supposed that hehad escaped beyond the seas.
now his papers may be the means of givingthe parliament information against others as well as himself."
"and enable them to commit a few more murders," added edward.
"silence, young man; the authorities must not be spoken of in soirreverent a manner.
are you aware that your language is treasonable?"
"according to act of parliament, as at present constituted, it may be,"replied edward; "but as a loyal subject of king charles the second, ideny it."
"i have no concern with your loyalty, young man, but i will not admitany language to be uttered in my presence against the ruling powers.
the inquest is over.
let every one leave the house except edwardarmitage, to whom i would speak alone."
"excuse me one moment, sir," said edward, "and i will return."
edward went out with the rest, and calling humphrey aside, said to him,"contrive to slip away unperceived; here are the keys; haste to thecottage as fast as you can; look for all the papers you can find in thepackages taken there; bury them and the iron chest in the garden, oranywhere where they cannot be discovered."
humphrey nodded, and turned away, and edward re-entered the cottage.
he found the intendant was standing over the corpse; he had removed thecoverlid, and was looking mournfully down on the face disfigured withblood.
perceiving the entrance of edward, he again took his seat at thetable, and after a pause said--"edward armitage, that you have been brought up very superior to yourstation in life is certain; and that you are loyal, bold, and resolute,is equally so; you have put me under an obligation which i never canrepay, even if you allowed me to exert myself in your behalf.
i takethis opportunity of acknowledging it; and now allow me to say that forthese times you are much too frank and impetuous.
this is no time forpeople to give vent to their feelings and opinions.
even i am as muchsurrounded with spies as others, and am obliged to behave myselfaccordingly.
your avowed attachment to the king's cause has preventedme from showing that more than cordiality that i really feel for you,and to which you are in every way entitled."
"i cannot conceal my opinions, sir; i was brought up in the house of aloyal cavalier, and never will be otherwise."
"granted--why should you be?
but do you not yourself see that you dothe cause more harm than good by thus avowing your opinions when suchavowal is useless?
if any other man in the county, who is of youropinion, was to express himself, now that your cause is hopeless, as youhave done, the prisons would be crowded, the executions would be daily,and the cause would be in proportion weakened by the loss of the mostdaring.
`bide your time' is a good motto, and i recommend it to you.
you must feel that, however we may be at variance in our opinions,edward armitage, my hand and my authority never can be used against oneto whom i am so indebted; and feeling this, you compel me in thepresence of others to use a harshness and coldness towards you,contrary--wholly contrary--to what, you may believe me when i say it, ireally feel for one who so nobly rescued my only child."
"i thank you, sir, for your advice, which i feel to be good, and foryour good opinion, which i value."
"and which i feel that you deserve; and you shall have, young as youare, my confidence, which i know you will not abuse.
i did know thisman who now lies dead before us, and i did also know that he wasconcealed in this cottage: major ratcliffe was one of my earliest anddearest friends, and until this unhappy civil war, there never was anydifference between us, and even afterwards only in politics, and thecause we each espoused.
i knew, before i came down here as intendant,where his place of concealment was, and have been most anxious for hissafety."
"excuse me, mr heatherstone, but each day i find more to make me likeyou than i did the day before: at first i felt most inimical; now i onlywonder how you can be leagued with the party you now are."
"edward armitage, i will now answer for myself and thousands more.
youare too young a man to have known the cause of the insurrection, orrather opposition to the unfortunate king charles.
he attempted to makehimself absolute, and to wrest the liberties from the people of england;that his warmest adherents will admit.
when i joined the party whichopposed him, i little thought that matters would have been carried sofar as they have been; i always considered it lawful to take up arms indefence of our liberties, but at the same time i equally felt that theperson of the king was sacred."
"i have heard so, sir."
"yes, and in truth; for never did any people strive more zealously toprevent the murder of the king--for murder it was--than my relativeashley cooper and myself.
so much so, indeed, as to have incurred notonly the suspicion but the ill-will of cromwell, who, i fear, is nowmaking rapid advances towards that absolute authority for which the kinghas suffered, and which he would now vest in his own person.
iconsidered that our cause was just; and, had the power been left in thehands of those who would have exercised it with discretion andmoderation, the king would even now have been on the throne, and theliberties of his subjects sacred; but it is easier to put a vast andpowerful engine into motion than to stop it; and such has been the casein this unfortunate civil war.
thousands who took an active partagainst the king will, when the opportunity is ripe, retrace theirsteps; but i expect that we have much to suffer before that time willcome.
and now, edward armitage, i have said more to you than i have toany person breathing, except my own kinsman."
"i thank you for your confidence, sir, which not only will not bebetrayed, but will act as a warning to guide my future conduct."
"i meant it should.
be no longer rash and careless in avowing youropinions.
you can do no good to the cause, and may do yourself muchharm.
and now i must ask you another question, which i could not beforethe other people.
you have surprised me by stating that major ratcliffehad a son here: there must be some mistake, or the boy must be animpostor.
he had a daughter, an only daughter, as i have; but he neverhad a son."
"it is a mistake that i fell into, sir, by finding a boy here, as istated to you at the inquest; and i considered it to be a boy until ibrought her home, and she then discovered to my sisters that she was agirl dressed in boys' clothes.
i did not give that as explanation atthe inquest, as it was not necessary."
"i am right, then.
i must relieve you of that charge, edward armitage;she shall be to me as a daughter, and i trust that you will agree withme, without any disparagement to your feelings, that my house will be amore fit residence for her than your cottage."
"i will not prevent her going, if she wishes it, after your explanationand confidence, mr heatherstone."
"one thing more.
as i said to you before, edward armitage, i believemany of these verderers, all of whom have been selected from the army,are spies upon me: i must therefore be careful.
you said that you werenot aware that there were any papers?"
"i saw none, sir; but i suspect, from the many locked-up trunks andsmall boxes, that there may be; but when i went out with the others fromthe inquest, i despatched my brother humphrey to the cottage, advisinghim to open all the locks and to remove any papers which he might find."
the intendant smiled.
"well, if such is the case, we have only to go to your cottage and makean examination.
we shall find nothing, and i shall have performed myduty.
i was not aware that your brother was here.
i presume it was theyoung man who walked with oswald partridge."
"it was, sir."
"by his appearance, i presume that he also was brought up at arnwood?"
"he was, sir, as well as i," replied edward.
"well, then, i have but one word more to say,--recollect, if i appearharsh and severe in the presence of others, it is only assumed towardsyou, and not real.
you understand that?"
"i do, sir, and beg you will exercise your discretion."
the intendant then went out and said to the party, "it appears from whati can extract from this lad armitage, that there are boxes which heremoved to his cottage; we will go there to see what they may contain.
it is now noon.
have you any refreshment to offer us in your cottage,young man, when we arrive?"
"i keep no hostelrie, sir," replied edward, somewhat gloomily; "my ownlabour, and my brother's, is sufficient for the support of my ownfamily, but no more."
"let us move on; and two of you keep your eye upon that young man," saidthe intendant aside.
they then proceeded through the wood; the intendant mounted his horse,and they set off for the cottage, where they arrived at about twoo'clock in the afternoon.
humphrey came out as soon as he perceived the intendant and his partyapproaching, and whispered to edward that all was safe.
the intendantdismounted, and ordering everybody but his clerk to wait outside, wasushered into the cottage by edward.
alice, edith, and pablo were in theroom; the two girls were not a little flushed and frightened by theunusual appearance of so large a body of strangers.
"these are my sisters, sir," said edward.
"where is clara, alice?"
"she is alarmed, and has gone into our bedroom."
"i hope you are not alarmed at my presence," said the intendant, lookingearnestly at the two girls.
"it is my duty which obliges me to pay thisvisit; but you have nothing to fear.
now, edward armitage, you mustproduce all the boxes and packages which you took from the cottage."
"i will, sir," replied edward, "and here are the keys.
humphrey, do youand pablo bring them out."
the boxes were brought out, opened, and examined by the intendant andhis clerk, but of course no papers were found in them.
"i must now send in two of my people to search the house," said theintendant.
"had you not better go to the little girl, that she may notbe frightened?"
"i will go to her," said alice.
two of the people, assisted by the clerk, then searched the house; theyfound nothing worthy of notice, except the weapons and armour whichedward had removed, and which he stated to the intendant that he tookaway as valuable property belonging to the little girl.
"it is sufficient," said the intendant to his clerk--"undoubtedly thereare no papers; but i must, before i go, interrogate this child, who hasbeen removed thus; but she will be frightened, and i shall obtain noanswer from her if we are so many, so let everybody leave the cottagewhile i speak to her."
the clerk and the others left the cottage, and the intendant desirededward to bring clara from the bedroom.
she came out, accompanied byand indeed clinging to alice, for she was much alarmed.
"come here, clara," said the intendant gently; "you do not know perhapsthat i am your sincere friend; and now that your father is dead, i wantyou to come and live with my daughter, who will be delighted to have youas a companion.
will you go with me?
and i will take care of you andbe a father to you."
"i do not like to leave alice and edith; they treat me so kindly, andcall me sister," replied clara, sobbing.
"i am sure they do, and you must be fond of them already; but still itis your duty to come with me; and if your father could speak to you nowhe would tell you so.
i will not force you away, but remember, you areborn a lady, and must be brought up and educated as a lady, which cannotbe the case in this cottage, although they are very kind to you, andvery nice young people.
you do not recollect me, clara, but you haveoften sat on my knee when you were a little girl, and when your fatherlived in dorsetshire.
you recollect the great walnut-tree by thesitting-room window, which looked out in the garden, don't you?"
"yes," replied clara, with surprise.
"yes, so do i too, and how you used to sit on my knee; and do youremember jason, the big mastiff, and how you used to ride upon hisback?"
"yes," replied clara, "i do; but he died a long while ago."
"he did, when you were not more than six years old.
and now tell me,where did the old gardener bury him?"
"under the mulberry-tree," replied clara.
"yes, so he did, and i was there when poor jason was buried.
you don'trecollect me.
but i will take off my hat, for i did not wear the samedress that i do now.
now look, clara, and see if you remember me."
clara, who was no longer alarmed, looked on the intendant's face, andthen said, "you called my father philip, and he used to call youcharles."
"you are right, my sweet one," replied the intendant pressing clara tohis bosom; "i did so, and we were great friends.
now, will you comewith me?
and i have a little girl, older than you by three or fouryears, who will be your companion and love you dearly."
"may i come and see alice and edith sometimes?"
"yes, you shall; and she will come with you and make their acquaintance,if their brother will permit it.
i will not take you away now, dearest;you shall remain here for a few days, and then we will come over andfetch you.
i will send oswald partridge over to let you know the day,edward armitage, when we will come for her.
good-bye, dear clara, andgood-bye, my little girls.
humphrey armitage, good-bye.
who is thislad you have there?"
"he is a gipsy whom humphrey trapped in his pit-fall, sir, and we havesoon tamed him," replied edward.
"well, then, edward armitage, good-bye," said the intendant, extendinghis hand to him; "we must meet soon again."
the intendant then went out of the cottage, and joined his peopleoutside.
edward went out after him; and as the intendant mounted hishorse, he said very coldly to edward, "i shall keep a sharp look-out onyour proceedings, sir, depend upon it; i tell you so decidedly, so fareyou well."
with these words the intendant put the spurs to his horse, and rodeaway.
"what made him speak so sharply to you, edward?"
"because he means kindly, but does not want other people to know it,"replied edward.
"come in, humphrey; i have much to tell you and much tosurprise you with."
"i have been surprised already," replied humphrey.
"how did thisroundhead know clara's father so well?"
"i will explain all before we go to bed," replied edward; "let us go innow."
the two brothers had a long conversation that evening, in which edwardmade humphrey acquainted with all that had passed between him and theintendant.
"it's my opinion, edward," said humphrey, "that he thinks matters havebeen carried too far, and that he is sorry that he belongs to theparliamentary party.
he finds out, now that it is too late, that he hasallied himself with those who have very different feelings and motivesthan his own, and has assisted to put power into the hands of those whohave not the scruples which he has."
"yes; and in ridding themselves of one tyranny, as they considered it,they have every prospect of falling into the hands of a greater tyrantthan before; for, depend upon it, cromwell will assume the sovereignpower, and rule this kingdom with a rod of iron."
"well, many more are, i have no doubt, or soon will be, of his opinion;and the time will come, be it sooner or later, when the king will havehis own again.
they have proclaimed him in scotland already.
why doeshe not come over and show himself?
his presence would, i think, inducethousands to flock to him,--i'm sure that it would me."
"i am very glad of this good intelligence with the intendant, edward, asit will not now be necessary for us to be so careful; we may go and comewhen we please.
i almost wish you could be persuaded to accept anyeligible offer he may make you.
many no doubt are in office, andserving the present government, who have the same feelings as theintendant, or even feelings as strong as your own."
"i cannot bear the idea of accepting anything from them or theirinstruments, humphrey; nor, indeed, could i leave my sisters."
"on that score you may make your mind easy;--pablo and i are quitesufficient for the farm, or anything else we may want to do.
if you canbe more useful elsewhere, have no scruple in leaving us.
if the kingwas to come over and raise an army, you would leave us, of course; and isee no reason why, if an eligible offer is made you, you should not doit now.
you and your talents are thrown away in this forest, and youmight serve the king and the king's cause better by going into the worldand watching the times than you ever can by killing his venison."
"certainly," replied edward, laughing, "i do not much help his cause bykilling his deer, that must be admitted; all i shall say is this,--ifanything is offered to me which i can accept without injury to myfeelings and my honour, i shall not decline it, provided that i may, byaccepting it, prove of service to the king's cause."
"that is all i wish, edward.
and now i think we had better go to bed."
the next day they dug up the iron chest and the box into which humphreyhad put all the papers he had collected together.
edward opened theiron chest, and found in it a considerable quantity of gold in bags, andmany trinkets and jewels which he did not know the value of.
the papershe did not open, but resolved that they should be given to theintendant, for edward felt that he could trust in him.
the other boxesand trunks were also opened and examined, and many other articles ofapparent value discovered.
"i should think all these jewels worth a great deal of money, humphrey,"said edward; "if so, all the better for poor little clara.
i am sorryto part with her, although we have known her so short a time; sheappears to be such an amiable and affectionate child."
"that she is; and certainly the handsomest little girl i ever saw.
do you know that on one of her journeys to lymingtonshe was very nearly taken by a party of gipsies?
and by what pablo canmake out, it would appear that it was by the party which he belongedto."
"i wonder at her father's permitting her to go alone such a distance."
"her father could not do otherwise.
necessity has no law.
he couldtrust no other person, so he put her in boy's clothes that there mightbe less risk.
still, she must have been very intelligent to have donethe office."
"she is thirteen years old, although she is small," replied edward.
"and intelligent she certainly is, as you may see by her countenance.
who would ever have imagined that our sisters would have been able to dowhat they are doing now?
it's an old saying, `we never know what we cando till we try.'
by the bye, humphrey, i met a famous herd of forestponies the other day, and i said to myself, `i wonder whether humphreywill be clever enough to take one of them, as he has the wild cattle?
for billy is getting old, and we want a successor.'"
"we want more than a successor to billy, edward, we want two more tohelp him--and i have the means of maintaining two more ponies if i couldcatch them."
"i fear that you will never manage that, humphrey," said edward,laughing.
"i know well what you mean," replied humphrey: "you wish to dare me toit--well, i won't be dared to anything, and i most certainly will try tocatch a pony or two; but i must think about it first, and when i havearranged my plan in my mind i will then make the attempt."
"when i see the ponies in the yard i will believe it, humphrey.
theyare as wild as deer and as fleet as the wind, and you cannot catch themin a pit-fall."
"i know that, good brother; but all i can say is, that i will try what ican do, and i can do no more--but not at present, for i am too busy."
three days after this conversation oswald partridge made his appearance,having been sent by the intendant to tell edward that he should comeover on the following day to take away little clara.
"and how is she to go?"
"he will bring a little nag for her, if she can ride--if she cannot, shemust ride in the cart which will come for the baggage."
"clara, can you ride a horse?"
"yes," replied clara, "if it does not jump about too much.
i alwaysrode one when i lived in dorsetshire."
"this won't jump about, my little lady," said oswald, "for he is thirtyyears old, i believe, and as steady as an old gentleman ought to be."
"i have had some conversation with master heatherstone," continuedoswald to edward.
"he is much pleased with you, i can tell you.
hesaid, that in times like these he required young men like you about him;and that as you would not take the berth of verderer, he must find onebetter suited for you, for he said you were too good for such anoffice."
"many thanks to him for his good opinion," replied edward; "but i do notthink that he has any office in his gift which i can accept."
"so i thought, but i said nothing.
he again asked many questionsrelative to old jacob armitage, and he pressed me very hard.
he saidthat humphrey was as much above his position in appearance as you were;but as he was brought up at arnwood he presumed that he had had the sameadvantages.
and then he said--`but were his two sisters brought up atarnwood also?'
i replied that i believed not, although they were oftenthere, and were allowed to play with the children of the house.
helooked at me steadfastly, as if he would read my thoughts, and then wenton writing.
i cannot help thinking that he has a suspicion that you arenot the grandchildren of old jacob; but at the same time i do not thinkthat he has an idea who you really are."
"you must keep our secret, oswald," replied edward.
"i have a very goodopinion of the intendant, i acknowledge; but i will trust nobody."
"as i hope for future mercy, sir, i never will divulge it until you bidme," replied oswald.
"i trust to you, oswald, and so there's an end of the matter.
but, tellme, oswald, what do they say about his taking charge of this littlegirl?"
"why, they did begin to talk about it; but when he gave out that it wasthe order of parliament that the child should remain with him untilfurther directions, of course they said nothing, for they dared not.
itseems that the ratcliffe property is sequestrated, but not yet grantedto any one; and the parliament will most likely, as soon as she is oldenough, give her as a wife, with the property, to one of their party,--they have done it before now, as it secures the property under allchanges."
"i perceive," replied edward.
"when did you hear that the little girlwas to live with him?"
"not till yesterday morning; and it was not till the evening that weknew it was the order of parliament."
edward did not think it right to tell oswald what he knew, as it was asecret confided to him by the intendant, and therefore merely observed,"i presumed that the child would not be left on our hands;" and then theconversation dropped.
as oswald had informed them, the intendant made his appearance in theforenoon of the following day, and was accompanied by his daughter, whorode by his side.
a groom, on another horse, led a pony for clara toride; and a cart for the luggage followed at some distance.
edward wentout to assist miss heatherstone to dismount, and she frankly extendedher hand to him as she reached the ground.
edward was a littlesurprised as well as pleased at this condescension on her part towards aforester.
"you do me much honour, mistress patience," said he, bowing.
"i cannot forget that i owe my life to you, master armitage," repliedpatience, "and i cannot be too grateful.
may i request another favourof you?"
"certainly, if it is in my power to do as you wish."
"it is this," said she, in a low voice: "that you will not hastilyreject any overtures which may be made to you by my father; that is all.
and now let me go in and see your sisters, for my father has praisedthem very much, and i wish to know them."
edward led the way into the cottage, and patience followed him, whilethe intendant was in conversation with humphrey.
edward, havingintroduced his sisters and clara, then went out to pay his respects tothe intendant, who, now they were alone, was very candid towards bothhim and humphrey.
edward then told the intendant that there was an iron chest with a gooddeal of money in it, and jewels also, and many other articles of valuein the other boxes.
"i fear, sir, that the cart will hardly hold all the goods."
"i do not intend to take away the heavy or more bulky articles, such asthe bedding, armour, etc.
i will only take clara's own packages, andthe valuables and papers.
the remainder may stay here, as they can beof no use, till they are demanded from you.
where is oswald partridge?"
"in the stable with the horses, sir," replied humphrey.
"then, when the cart is loaded--and it had better be done by you whilethe men are in the stable--oswald shall take charge of it, and take thethings to my house."
"here are the keys, sir," said edward, presenting them.
and now, edward armitage, that we are alone, i want to have alittle conversation with you.
you are aware how much i feel indebted toyou for the service you have rendered me, and how anxious i am to showmy gratitude.
you are born for better things than to remain an obscureforester, and perhaps a deer-stalker.
i have now an offer to make toyou, which i trust, upon reflection, you will not refuse--and i sayreflection, because i do not wish you to give an answer till you havewell reflected.
i know that you will not accept anything under thepresent government, but a private situation you can raise no objectionto; the more so as, so far from leaving your family, you will be more ina position to protect them.
i am in want of a secretary, and i wish youto accept that office, to live entirely in my house, and to receive ahandsome salary for your services, which will not, i trust, be tooheavy.
you will be near to your family here in the cottage, and be ableto protect them and assist them; and what is more, you will mix with theworld and know what is going on, as i am in the confidence of thegovernment.
of course i put implicit confidence in you, or i would notoffer the situation.
but you will not be always down here: i have mycorrespondents and friends, to whom i shall have to send youoccasionally on most trusty commissions.
you, i am sure, will suit mein every respect, and i hope you will undertake the post which i nowoffer you.
give me no answer just now; consult with your brother, andgive the offer due consideration, and when you have made up your mindyou can let me know."
edward bowed; and the intendant went into the cottage.
edward then assisted humphrey and pablo to get the iron chest on thecart, and covered it with the other packages and boxes, till the cartwas well loaded.
leaving pablo in charge till oswald came from thestables, edward and humphrey then went into the cottage, where theyfound a very social party; patience heatherstone having succeeded inmaking great friends with the other three girls, and the intendant, toedward's surprise, laughing and joking with them.
alice and edith hadbrought out some milk, biscuits, and all the fruit that was ripe, withsome bread, a piece of cold salt beef, and a ham: and they were eatingas well as talking.
"i have been praising your sisters' housekeeping, armitage," said theintendant.
"your farm appears to be very productive."
"alice expected miss heatherstone, sir," replied edward, "and made anunusual provision.
you must not think that we live on such fare everyday."
"no," replied the intendant drily; "on other days i daresay you haveother fare.
i would almost make a bet that there is a pasty in thecupboard which you dare not show to the intendant of the new forest."
"you are mistaken, sir, for once," replied humphrey.
"alice knows wellhow to make one, but she has not one just now."
"well, i must believe you, master humphrey," replied the intendant.
"and now, my dear child, we must think of going, for it is a long ride,and the little girl is not used to a horse."
"mistress alice, many thanks for your hospitality; and now, farewell.
edith, good-bye, dear.
now, clara, are you quite ready?"
they all went out of the cottage.
the intendant put clara on the pony,after she had kissed alice and edith.
edward assisted patience; andwhen she was mounted she said--"i hope you will accept my father's offer--you will oblige me so much ifyou do."
"i will give it every consideration it deserves," replied edward.
"indeed, it will depend more upon my brother than myself whether iaccept it or not."
"your brother is a very sensible young man, sir, therefore i havehopes," replied patience.
"a quality which it appears you do not give me credit for, missheatherstone."
"not when pride or vindictive feelings obtain the mastery," replied she.
"perhaps you will find that i am not quite so proud, or bear suchill-will, as i did when i first saw your father, miss heatherstone; andsome allowance should be made, even if i did show such feelings, whenyou consider that i was brought up at arnwood."
"true--most true, master armitage.
i had no right to speak so boldly,especially to you, who risked your own life to save the daughter of oneof those roundheads who treated the family of your protector so cruelly.
you must forgive me; and now, farewell!"
edward bowed, and then turned to the intendant, who had apparently beenwaiting while the conversation was going on.
the intendant bade him acordial farewell; edward shook clara by the hand, and the cavalcade setoff.
they all remained outside of the cottage till the party were atsome distance, and then edward walked apart with humphrey, tocommunicate to him the offer made by the intendant, and ask his opinion.
"my opinion is made up, edward; which is, that you should accept itimmediately.
you are under no obligation to the government, and youhave already conferred such an obligation upon the intendant that youhave a right to expect a return.
why stay here, when you can safely mixwith the world and know how things are going on?
i do not require yourassistance, now that i have pablo, who is more useful every day.
do notlose such an opportunity of making a friend for yourself and all of us--a protector, i may say; and who is, by what he has confided to you,anything but approving of the conduct of the present government.
he haspaid you a deserved compliment by saying that he can and will trust you.
you must not refuse the offer, edward--it would really be folly if youdid."
"i believe you are right, humphrey; but i have been so accustomed torange the forest--i am so fond of the chase--i am so impatient ofcontrol or confinement, that i hardly know how to decide.
a secretary'slife is anything but pleasing to me, sitting at a table writing andreading all day long.
the pen is but a poor exchange for thelong-barrelled gun."
"it does more execution, nevertheless," replied humphrey, "if what ihave read is true.
but you are not to suppose that your life will besuch a sedentary one.
did he not say that he would have to trust youwith missions of importance?
will you not, by going to london and otherplaces, and mixing with people of importance, be preparing yourself foryour proper station in life, which i trust that one day you will resume?
and does it follow that because you are appointed a secretary you arenot to go out in the forest and shoot a deer with oswald, if you feelinclined--with this difference, that you may do it then without fear ofbeing insulted or persecuted by such a wretch as that corbould?
do nothesitate any longer, my dear brother; recollect that our sisters oughtnot to live this forest life as they advance in years--they were notborn for it, although they have so well conformed to it.
it dependsupon you to release them eventually from their false position; and youcan never have such an opening as is now offered you, by one whosegratitude alone will make him anxious to serve you."
"you are right, humphrey, and i will accept the offer; i can but returnto you if things do not go on well."
"i thank you sincerely for your decision, edward," replied humphrey.
"what a sweet girl that patience heatherstone is!--i think i never sawsuch an enchanting smile!"
edward thought of the smile she gave him when they parted but an hourago, and agreed with humphrey, but he replied--"why, brother, you are really in love with the intendant's daughter."
"not so, my dear fellow; but i am in love with her goodness andsweetness of disposition, and so are alice and edith, i can tell you.
she has promised to come over and see them, and bring them flowers fortheir garden, and i hardly know what; and i am very glad of it, as mysisters have been buried here so long that they cannot but gain by hercompany now and then.
i will leave mistress heatherstone for you;i am in love with little clara."
"not a bad choice, humphrey: we both aspire high, for two youngforesters, do we not?
however, they say `every dog has his day,' andcromwell and his parliament may have theirs.
king charles may be on histhrone again now, long before--you catch a forest pony, humphrey."
"i hope he will, edward: but recollect how you laughed at the idea of mycatching a cow--you may be surprised a second time.
`where there is awill there is a way,' the saying is.
but i must go and help alice withthe heifer; she is not very quiet yet, and i see her going out with herpail."
the brothers then parted, and edward walked about, turning over in hismind the events of the day, and very often finding his thoughts brokenin upon by sudden visions of patience heatherstone--and certainly theremembrance of her was to him the most satisfactory and pleasing portionof the prospect in his offered situation.
"i shall live with her, and be continually in her company," thought he.
"well, i would take a less pleasing office if only for that.
sherequested me to accept it to oblige her, and i will do so.
how hasty weare in our conclusions!
when i first saw her father, what an aversion ifelt for him!
now, the more i know him, the more i like him, nay,more--respect him.
he said that the king wished to be absolute, andwrest the liberties from his subjects, and that they were justified inopposing him; i never heard that when at arnwood."
"if so, was it lawful so to do?"
"i think it was, but not to murder him; that i can never admit, nor doesthe intendant: on the contrary, he holds his murderers in as greatdetestation as i do.
why, then, we do not think far apart from oneanother.
at the commencement, the two parties were--those who supportedhim, not admitting that he was right, but too loyal to refuse to fightfor their king--and those who opposed, hoping to force him to do right;the king for his supposed prerogatives, the people for their liberties.
the king was obstinate, the people resolute, until virulent warfareinflamed both parties, and neither would listen to reason; and thepeople gained the upper hand, they wreaked their vengeance, instead oflooking to the dictates of humanity and justice.
how easy it had beento have deposed him, and have sent him beyond the seas!
instead ofwhich they detained him a prisoner and then murdered him.
thepunishment was greater than the offence, and dictated by malice andrevenge; it was a diabolical act, and will soil the page of our nation'shistory."
so thought edward, as he paced before the cottage, until hewas summoned in by pablo to their evening meal.
"edward," said edith, "scold pablo; he has been ill-treating my poorcat; he is a cruel boy."
"see, edward, he's laughing:put him in the pit-fall again, and let him stay there till he says he issorry."
"i very sorry now missy edith, but cat bite me," said pablo.
"well, if pussy did, it didn't hurt you much; and what did i tell youthis morning out of the bible?--that you must forgive them who behaveill to you."
"yes, missy edith, you tell me all that, and so i do; i forgive pussy'cause she bite me, but i kick her for it."
"that's not forgiveness, is it, edward?
you should have forgiven it atonce, and not kicked it at all."
"miss edith, when pussy bite me, pussy hurt me, make me angry, and igive her a kick; then i think what you tell me, and i do as you tell me.
i forgive pussy with all my heart."
"i think you must forgive pablo, edith," said edward, "if it is only toset him a good example."
"well, i will this time; but if he kicks pussy again, he must be put inthe pit-fall--mind that, pablo."
"yes, missy edith, i go into pit-fall, and then you cry, and ask masteredward to take me out.
when you have me put in pit-fall then you notgood christian, 'cause you not forgive; when you cry and take me out,then you good christian once more."
by this conversation it will appear to the reader that they had beentrying to impress pablo with the principles of the christian religion--and such was the case; edith having been one of the most active in theendeavour, although very young for a missionary.
however, alice andhumphrey had been more successful, and pablo was now beginning tocomprehend what they had attempted to instil, and was really progressingevery day.
edward remained at the cottage, expecting to hear some message from theintendant.
he was right in his conjecture, for, on the third day,oswald partridge came ever to say that the intendant would be happy tosee him, if he could make it convenient to go over; which edwardassented to do on the following day.
oswald had ridden over on a pony:edward arranged to take billy and return with him.
they started earlythe next morning, and edward asked oswald if he knew why the intendanthad sent for him.
"not exactly," replied oswald; "but i think, from what i heard misspatience say, it is to offer you some situation, if you could beprevailed upon to accept it."
"very true," replied edward; "he offers me the post of secretary.
whatdo you think?"
"why, sir, i think i would accept it; at all events, i would take it ontrial--there can be no harm done: if you do not like it you can only goback to the cottage again.
one thing i am sure of, which is, thatmaster heatherstone will make it as pleasant to you as he can, for he ismost anxious to serve you."
"that i really believe," replied edward; "and i have, pretty well, madeup my mind to accept the office.
it is a post of confidence, and ishall know all that is going on, which i cannot do while i am secludedin the forest; and depend upon it, we shall have stirring news."
"i suppose you think that the king will come over?"
"i feel certain of it, oswald; and that is the reason why i want to bewhere i can know all that is going on."
"well, sir, it is my opinion that the king will come over, as well asyours; yet i think at present he stands but a poor chance; masterheatherstone knows more on that score than any one, i should think; buthe is very close."
the conversation then changed, and after a ride of eight hours theyarrived at the intendant's house.
edward gave billy into oswald'scharge, and knocked at the door.
phoebe let him in, and asked him intothe sitting-room, where he found the intendant alone.
"edward armitage, i am glad to see you; and shall be still more so if ifind that you have made up your mind to accept my proposition.
what isyour reply?"
"i am very thankful to you for the offer, sir," replied edward; "andwill accept it if you think that i am fitted for it, and if i find thati am equal to it: i can but give it a trial, and leave if i find it tooarduous or too irksome."
"too arduous it shall not be--that shall be my concern; and too irksomei hope you will not find it.
my letters are not so many but that icould answer them myself, were it not that my eyes are getting weak, andi wish to save them as much as possible.
you will therefore have towrite chiefly what i shall dictate; but it is not only for that irequire a person that i can confide in.
i very often shall send you tolondon instead of going myself, and to that i presume you will have noobjection?"
"certainly none, sir."
"well, then, it is no use saying any more just now; you will have achamber in this house, and you will live with me, and at my tablealtogether.
neither shall i say anything just now about remuneration,as i am convinced that you will be satisfied.
all that i require now,is to know the day that you will come, that everything may be ready."
"i suppose, sir, i must change my attire?"
replied edward, looking athis forester's dress; "that will hardly accord with the office ofsecretary."
"i agree with you that it will be better to keep that dress for yourforest excursions, as i presume you will not altogether abandon them,"replied the intendant.
"you can provide yourself with a suit atlymington.
i will furnish you the means."
"i thank you, sir, i have means, much more than sufficient," repliededward, "although not quite so wealthy as little clara appeared to be."
replied the intendant.
"i had no idea that poorratcliffe possessed so much ready money and jewels.
well, then, this iswednesday; can you come over next monday?"
"yes, sir," replied edward, "i see no reason to the contrary."
"well, then, that is settled, and i suppose you would like to see youraccommodation.
patience and clara are in the next room.
you can jointhem, and you will make my daughter very happy by telling her that youare to become a resident with us.
you will of course dine with usto-day, and sleep here to-night."
mr heatherstone then opened the door, and saying to his daughter,"patience, my dear, i leave you to entertain edward armitage tilldinner-time," he ushered edward in, and closed the door again.
clararan up to edward as soon as he went in; and having kissed him, edwardthen took patience's offered hand.
"then you have consented?"
said patience inquiringly.
"yes, i could not refuse such kindness," replied edward.
"and when do you come?"
"on monday night, if i can be ready by that time."
"why, what have you to get ready?"
"i must not appear in a forester's dress, my little clara.
i can wearthat with a gun in my hand, but not with a pen: so i must go tolymington and see what a tailor can do for me."
"you will feel as strange in a secretary's dress as i did in boys'clothes," said clara.
"perhaps i may," said edward; although he felt that such would not bethe case, having been accustomed to much better clothes when at arnwoodthan what were usually worn by secretaries; and this remembrance broughtback arnwood in its train, and edward became silent and pensive.
patience observed it, and after a time said--"you will be able to watchover your sisters, mr armitage, as well here, almost, as if you were atthe cottage.
you do not return till to-morrow?
how did you come over?"
"i rode the pony billy, mistress patience."
"why do you call her mistress patience, edward?"
"you callme clara: why not call her patience?"
"you forget that i am only a forester, clara," replied edward, with agrave smile.
"no, you are a secretary _now_," replied clara.
"mistress patience is older than you by several years.
i call youclara, because you are but a little girl; but i must not take thatliberty with mistress heatherstone."
"do you think so, patience?"
"i certainly do not think that it would be a liberty in a person, afterbeing well acquainted with me, to call me patience," replied she;"especially when that person lives in the house with us, eats andassociates with us as one of the family, and is received on an equality;but i daresay, clara, that master armitage will be guided by his ownfeelings, and act as he considers to be proper."
"but you give him leave, and then it is proper," replied clara.
"yes, if he gave himself leave, clara," said patience.
"but we will nowshow him his own room, clara," continued patience, wishing to change thesubject of conversation.
"will you follow us, sir?"
said patience, with a little mock ceremony.
edward did so without replying, and was ushered into a large airy room,very neatly furnished.
"this is your future lodging," said patience; "i hope you will like it."
"why, he never saw anything like it before," said clara.
"yes i have, clara," replied edward.
"where did you?"
"at arnwood; the apartments were on a much larger scale."
oh yes, i have heard my father speak of it," said clara, withthe tears starting in her eyes at his memory.
"yes, it was burnt down,and all the children burnt to death!"
"so they say, clara; but i was not there when it was burnt."
"where were you then?"
"i was at the cottage where i now live."
edward turned round topatience, and perceived that her eyes were fixed upon him, as if shewould have read his thoughts.
edward smiled, and said--"do you doubt what i say?"
said she, "i have no doubt that you were at the cottage atthe time; but i was thinking that if the apartments at arnwood were moresplendid, those at your cottage are less comfortable.
you have beenused to better and to worse, and therefore will, i trust, be contentwith these."
"i trust i have shown no signs of discontent.
i should indeed bedifficult to please, if an apartment like this did not suit me.
besides, allow me to observe, that although i stated that the apartmentsat arnwood were on a grander scale, i never said that i had ever been apossessor of one of them."
patience smiled and made no reply.
"now that you know your way to your apartment, master armitage, we will,if you please, go back to the sitting-room," said she.
as they weregoing back into the sitting-room she said--"when you come over onmonday, you will, i presume, bring your clothes in a cart?
i ask it,because i promised some flowers and other things to your sisters, whichi can send back by the cart."
"you are very kind to think of them, mistress patience," replied edward;"they are fond of flowers, and will be much pleased with possessingany."
"you sleep here to-night, i think my father said?"
"he did make the proposal, and i shall gladly avail myself of it, as iam not to trust to phoebe's ideas of comfort this time," said edward,smiling.
"yes, that was a cross action of phoebe's; and i can tell you, masterarmitage, that she is ashamed to look you in the face ever since; buthow fortunate for me that she was cross, and turned you out as she did!
you must forgive her, as she was the means of your performing a nobleaction; and i must forgive her, as she was the means of my life beingsaved."
"i have no feeling except kindness towards phoebe," replied edward;"indeed i ought to feel grateful to her!
for if she had not given me sobad a bed that night, i never should have been so comfortably lodged asit is proposed that i shall be now."
"i hope you are hungry, edward," said clara; "dinner is almost ready."
"i daresay i shall eat more than you do, clara."
"so you ought, a great big man like you.
how old are you, edward?"
saidclara; "i am thirteen; patience is past sixteen: now how old are you?"
"i am not yet eighteen, clara; so that i can hardly be called a man."
"why, you are as tall as mr heatherstone."
"yes, i believe i am."
"and can't you do everything that a man can do?"
"i really don't know; but i certainly shall always try so to do."
"well, then, you must be a man."
"clara, if it pleases you, i will be a man."
"here comes mr heatherstone, so i know dinner is ready; is it not,sir?"
"yes, my child, it is," replied mr heatherstone, kissing clara; "so letus all go in."
mr heatherstone, as was usual at that time with the people to whoseparty he ostensibly belonged, said a grace before meat, of considerablelength, and then they sat down to table.
as soon as the repast was overmr heatherstone returned to his study, and edward went out to findoswald partridge, with whom he remained the larger portion of theafternoon, going to the kennel and examining the dogs, and talking ofmatters connected with the chase.
"i have not two men that can stalk a deer," observed oswald; "the menappointed here as verderers and keepers have not one of them beenbrought up to the business.
most of them are men who have been in thearmy, and i believe have been appointed to these situations to get ridof them, because they were troublesome; and they are anything but goodcharacters; the consequence is, that we kill but few deer, for i have somuch to attend to here, as none of them know their duties, that i canseldom take my own gun out.
i stated so to the intendant, and he said,that if you accepted an offer he had made you, and came over here, weshould not want venison; so it is clear that he does not expect you tohave your pen always in your hand."
"i am glad to hear that," replied edward; "depend upon it his own table,at all events, shall be well supplied.
is not that the fellow corbould,who is leaning against the wall?"
"yes; he is to be discharged, as he cannot walk well, and the surgeonsays he will always limp.
he owes you a grudge, and i am glad that heis going away, for he is a dangerous man.
but the sun is setting, mredward, and supper will soon be on the table; you had better go back tothe house."
edward bade oswald farewell, and returned to the intendant's, and foundthat oswald was correct, as supper was being placed on the table.
soon after supper, phoebe and the men-servants were summoned, andprayers offered up by the intendant; after which patience and clararetired.
edward remained in conversation with the intendant for aboutan hour, and then was conducted by him to his room, which had alreadybeen shown to him by patience.
edward did not sleep much that night.
the novelty of his situation--thenovelty of his prospects, and his speculations thereon, kept him awaketill near morning; he was, however, up in good time, and having assistedat the morning prayers, and afterwards eaten a most substantialbreakfast, he took his leave of the intendant and the two girls, and setoff on his return to the cottage, having renewed his promise of comingon the following monday to take up his abode with them.
billy wasfresh, and cantered gaily along, so that edward was back early in theafternoon, and once more welcomed by his household.
he stated tohumphrey all that had occurred, and humphrey was much pleased at edwardhaving accepted the offer of the intendant.
alice and edith did notquite so much approve of it, and a few tears were shed at the idea ofedward leaving the cottage.
the next day, edward and humphrey set offfor lymington, with billy in the cart.
"do you know, edward," said humphrey, "what i am going to try andpurchase?
i will tell you--as many kids as i can, or goats and kids, idon't care which."
"why, have you not stock enough, already?
you will this year have fourcows in milk, and you have two cow calves bringing up."
"that is very true, but i do not intend to have goats for their milk,but simply for eating in lieu of mutton.
sheep i cannot manage, butgoats, with a little hay in winter, will do well, and will findthemselves in the forest all the year round.
i won't kill any of thefemales for the first year or two, and after that i expect we shall havea flock sufficient to meet any demand upon it."
"it is not a bad idea, humphrey; they will always come home, if you havehay for them during the winter."
"yes, and a large shed for them to lie in when the snow is on theground."
"now i recollect, when we used to go to lymington, i saw a great manygoats, and i have no doubt that they are to be purchased.
i will soonascertain that for you, from the landlord of the hostelrie," repliededward.
"we will drive there first, as i must ask him to recommend me a tailor."
on their arrival at lymington, they went straight to the hostelrie, andfound the landlord at home.
he recommended a tailor to edward, who sentfor him to the inn, and was measured by him for a plain suit of darkcloth.
edward and humphrey then went out, as edward had to procureboots, and many other articles of dress to correspond with the one whichhe was about to assume.
"i am most puzzled about a hat, humphrey," said edward: "i hate thosesteeple-crowned hats, worn by the roundheads; yet the hat and feather isnot proper for a secretary."
"i would advise you to submit to wear the steeple-crowned hats,nevertheless," said humphrey.
"your dress, as i consider, is a sort ofdisgrace to a cavalier born, and the heir of arnwood; why not,therefore, take its hat as well?
as secretary to the intendant, youshould dress like him; if not, you may occasion remarks, especially whenyou travel on his concerns."
"you are right, humphrey, i must not do things by halves; and unless iwear the hat i might be suspected."
"i doubt if the intendant wears it for any other reason," said humphrey.
"at all events, i will not go to the height of the fashion," repliededward, laughing.
"some of the hats are not quite so tall as theothers."
"here is the shop for the hat and for the sword-belt."
edward chose a hat and a plain sword-belt, paid for them, and desiredthe man to carry them to the hostelrie.
while all these purchases on the part of edward, and many others byhumphrey, such as nails, saws, tools, and various articles which alicerequired for the household, were being gathered together, the landlordhad sent out to inquire for the goats, and found out at what price theywere to be procured.
humphrey left edward to put away their goods intothe cart, while he went out a second time, to see the goats; with theman who had them for sale he made an agreement for a male and threefemales with two kids each at their sides, and ten more female kidswhich had just been weaned.
the man engaged to drive them fromlymington, as far as the road went into the forest, on the followingday; when humphrey would meet him, pay him his money, and drive them tothe cottage, which would only be three miles from the place agreed upon.
having settled that satisfactorily, he returned to edward, who was allready, and they returned home.
"we have dipped somewhat into the bag to-day, edward," said humphrey;"but the money is well spent."
"i think so, humphrey, but i have no doubt that i shall be able toreplace the money very soon, as the intendant will pay me for myservices.
the tailor has promised the clothes on saturday without fail;so that you or i must go for them."
"i will go, edward; my sisters will wish you to stay with them now, asyou are so soon to leave them; and i will take pablo with me, that hemay know his way to the town; and i will show him where to buy things,in case he goes there by himself."
"it appears to me to have been a most fortunate thing your having caughtpablo as you did, humphrey, for i do not well know how i could have leftyou if you had not."
"at all events i can do much better without you than i should havedone," replied humphrey; "although i think now that i could get on bymyself; but still, edward, you know we cannot tell what a day may bringforth, and i might fall sick, or something happen which might prevent myattending to anything; and then, without you or pablo, everything mighthave gone to wrack and ruin.
certainly, when we think how we were left,by the death of old jacob, to our own resources, we have much to thankgod for in having got on so well."
"i agree with you, and also that it has pleased heaven to grant us allsuch good health.
however, i shall be close at hand if you want me, andoswald will always call and see how you get on."
"i hope you will manage that he calls once a week."
"i will if i can, humphrey, for i shall be just as anxious as you are toknow if all goes on well.
indeed, i shall insist upon coming over toyou once a fortnight; and i hardly think the intendant will refuse me--indeed i am sure that he will not."
"so am i," replied humphrey.
"i am certain that he wishes us all well,and has, in a measure, taken us under his protection; but, edward,recollect, i shall never kill any venison after this, and so you maytell the intendant."
"i will, and that will be an excuse for him to send some over, if hepleases.
indeed, as i know i shall be permitted to go out with oswald,it will be hard if a stray buck does not find its way to the cottage."
thus did they continue talking over matters till they arrived at thecottage.
alice came out to them, saying to humphrey--"well, humphrey,have you brought my geese and ducks?"
humphrey had forgotten them, but he replied, "you must wait till i go tolymington again on saturday, alice, and then i hope to bring them withme.
as it is, look how poor billy is loaded.
"in the garden.
he has been working there all day, and edith is withhim."
"well then we will unload the cart, while you get us something to eat,alice, for we are not a little hungry, i can tell you."
"i have some rabbit stew on the fire, humphrey, all ready for you, andyou will find it very good."
"nothing i like better, my dear girl.
pablo won't thank me for bringingthis home," continued humphrey, taking the long saw out of the cart; "hewill have to go to the bottom of the pit again, as soon as the pit ismade."
the cart was soon unloaded, billy taken out and turned out to feed, andthen they went in to supper.
humphrey was off the next morning, with pablo, at an early hour, to meetthe farmer of whom he had purchased the goats and kids.
he found thempunctual to the time, at the place agreed upon; and being satisfied withthe lot, paid the farmer his money and drove them home through theforest.
"goat very good, kid better; always eat kid in spain," said pablo.
"were you born in spain, pablo?"
"not sure, but i think so.
first recollect myself in that country."
"do you recollect your father?"
"no; never see him."
"did your mother never talk about him?"
"call her mother, but think no mother at all.
custom with gitanas."
"why did you call her mother?"
"'cause she feed me when little, beat me when i get big."
"all mothers do that.
what made you come to england?"
"i don't know, but i hear people say, plenty of money in england--plentyto eat--plenty to drink; bring plenty money back to spain."
"how long have you been in england?"
"one, two, three year; yes, three year and a bit."
"which did you like best, england or spain?"
"when with my people, like spain best; warm sun--warm night.
england,little sun, cold night, much rain, snow, and air always cold; but now ilive with you, have warm bed, plenty victuals, like england best."
"but when you were with the gipsies, they stole everything, did theynot?"
"not steal everything," replied pablo, laughing, "sometimes take and nopay when nobody there; farmer look very sharp--have big dog."
"did you ever go out to steal?"
"make me go out.
not bring back something, beat me very hard; supposefarmer catch me, beat hard too nothing but beat, beat, beat."
"then they obliged you to steal?"
"suppose bring nothing home, first beat, and then not have to eat forone, two, three days.
how you like that, master humphrey?
i think yousteal after no victuals for three days?"
"i should hope not," replied humphrey, "although i have never been soseverely punished; and i hope, pablo, you will never steal any more."
"why steal any more?"
"i not like to steal; but becausehungry i steal.
now i never hungry, always have plenty to eat; no onebeat me now; sleep warm all night.
why i steal, then?
no, masterhumphrey, i never steal more, 'cause i have no reason why, and 'causemissy alice and missy edith tell me how the good god up there say mustnot steal."
"i am glad to hear you give that as a reason, pablo," replied humphrey,"as it proves that my sisters have not been teaching you in vain."
"like to hear missy alice talk; she talk grave.
missy edith talk too,but she laugh very much; very fond missy edith, very happy little girl;jump about just like one of these kids we drive home; always merry.
see cottage now; soon get home, massa humphrey.
missy edith likesee kids very much.
where we put them?"
"we will put them into the yard for the present; i mean that holdfastshall take charge of them by and by.
i will soon teach him."
"yes, he take charge of coat, or anything i tell him, why not takecharge of goats?
clever dog, holdfast.
massa humphrey, you think massaedward take away both his dogs, smoker and watch?
i say better not takepuppy.
take smoker, and leave puppy."
"i agree with you, pablo.
we ought to have two dogs here.
i will speakto my brother.
now run forward and open the gate of the yard, and throwthem some hay, pablo, while i go and call my sisters."
the flock of goats was much admired, and the next morning was driven outinto the forest to feed, attended by pablo and holdfast.
when it wasdinner-time, pablo drove the flock near to the cottage, telling the dogto mind the goats.
the sensible animal remained at once with them untilpablo's return from dinner; and it may be as well to observe here thatin a few days the dog took charge of them altogether, driving them hometo the yard every evening; and as soon as they were put into the yardthe dog had his supper, and he took good care, therefore, not to be toolate.
to return to our narrative.
on saturday humphrey and pablo went to lymington to bring home edward'sclothes, and humphrey made pablo acquainted with all that he wanted himto know, in case it might be necessary to send him there alone.
edward remained with his sisters, as he was to leave them on the monday.
sunday was passed as usual; they read the service at old armitage'sgrave, and afterwards they walked in the forest; for sunday was the onlyday on which alice could find time to leave her duties in the cottage.
they were not more grave than usual at the idea of edward's leavingthem, but they kept up their spirits, as they were aware that it was forthe advantage of all.
on monday morning, edward, to please his sisters, put on his newclothes, and put his forester's dress in the bundle with his linen.
alice and edith thought he looked very well in them, and said that itreminded them of the days of arnwood.
the fact was that edward appearedas he was--a gentleman born; that could not well be concealed under aforester's dress, and in his present attire it was undeniable.
afterbreakfast billy was harnessed and brought to the cottage-door.
edward'slinen was put in the cart, and, as he had agreed with humphrey, he tookonly smoker with him, leaving the puppy at the cottage.
pablo went withhim to bring back the cart.
edward kissed his sisters, who wept at theidea of his leaving them, and shaking hands with humphrey set off tocross the forest.
"who would ever have believed this?"
thought edward, as he drove acrossthe forest; "that i should put myself under the roof and under theprotection of a roundhead--one in outward appearance, and in the opinionof the world at least, if he is not so altogether in opinion.
there issurely some spell upon me, and i almost feel as if i were a traitor tomy principles.
why i know not, i feel a regard for that man, and aconfidence in him.
and why should i not?
he knows my principles, myfeelings against his party, and he respects them.
surely he cannot wishto gain me over to his party; that were indeed ridiculous--a youngforester--a youth unknown.
no, he would gain nothing by that, for i amnobody.
it must be from good-will, and no other feeling.
i haveobliged him in the service i rendered his daughter, and he is grateful."
perhaps, had edward put the question to himself, "should i have been onsuch friendly terms with the intendant--should i have accepted hisoffer, if there had been no patience heatherstone?"
he might then havediscovered what was the "spell upon him" which had rendered him sotractable; but of that he had no idea.
he only felt that his situationwould be rendered more comfortable by the society of an amiable andhandsome girl, and he inquired no further.
his reverie was broken by pablo, who appeared tired of holding histongue, and said, "massa edward, you not like leave home--you think verymuch.
why you go there?"
"i certainly do not like to leave home, pablo, for i am very fond of mybrother and sisters; but we cannot always do as we wish in this world,and it is for their sakes, more than from my own inclinations, that ihave done so."
"can't see what good you do missy alice and missy edith 'cause you goaway.
how it possible do good, and not with them?
suppose badaccident, and you away, how you do good.
suppose bad accident, and youat cottage, then you do good.
i think, massa edward, you very foolish."
edward laughed at this blunt observation of pablo's, and replied, "it isvery true, pablo, that i cannot watch over my sisters, and protect themin person when i am away; but there are reasons why i should go,nevertheless, and i may be more useful to them by going than byremaining with them.
if i did not think so i would not leave them.
they know nobody, and have no friends in the world.
suppose anythingwas to happen to me.
suppose both humphrey and i were to die--for youknow that we never know how soon that event may take place--who wouldthere be to protect my poor sisters, and what would become of them?
isit not, therefore, wise that i should procure friends for them, in caseof accident, who would look after them and protect them?
and it is myhope, that by leaving them now, i shall make powerful and kind friendsfor them.
do you understand me?"
"yes, i see now; you think more than me, massa edward.
i say just now,you foolish; i say now, pablo great fool."
"besides, pablo, recollect that i never would have left them as long asthere was only humphrey and me to look after them, because an accidentmight have happened to one of us; but when you came to live with us, andi found what a good clever boy you were, and that you were fond of usall, i then said, `now i can leave my sisters, for pablo shall take myplace, and assist humphrey to do what is required, and to take care ofthem.'
am i not right, pablo?"
"yes, massa edward," replied pablo, taking hold of edward's wrist, "youquite right.
pablo does love missy alice, missy edith, massa humphrey,and you, massa edward; he love you all very much indeed; he love you somuch that he die for you!
can do no more."
"that is what i really thought of you, pablo, and yet i am glad to hearit from your own mouth.
if you had not come to live with us, and hadnot proved so faithful, i could not have left to benefit my sisters; butyou have induced me to leave, and they have to thank you if i am able tobe of any service to them."
"well, massa edward, you go; never mind us, we make plenty of work; doeverything all the same as you."
"i think you will, pablo, and that is the reason why i have agreed to goaway.
but, pablo, billy is growing old, and you will want some moreponies."
"yes, massa edward, massa humphrey talk to me about ponies last night,and say, plenty in the forest.
ask me if i think us able catch them.
isay yes, catch one, two, twenty, suppose want them."
how will you do that, pablo?"
"massa edward, you tell massa humphrey no possible, so i no tell youhow," replied pablo, laughing.
"some day you come see us, see fiveponies in the stable.
massa humphrey and i, we talk about, find outhow; you see."
"well, then, i shall ask no more questions, pablo; and when i see theponies in the stable then i'll believe it, and not before."
"suppose you want big horse for ride, catch big horse, massa edward, yousee.
massa humphrey very clever, he catch cow."
"catch gipsy," said edward.
"yes," said pablo, laughing, "catch cow, catch gipsy, and by and bycatch horse."
when edward arrived at the intendant's house, he was very kindlyreceived by the intendant and the two girls.
having deposited hiswardrobe in his bedroom, he went out to oswald and put smoker in thekennel, and on his return found pablo sitting on the carpet in thesitting-room, talking to patience and clara, and they all three appearedmuch amused.
when pablo and billy had both had something to eat, thecart was filled with pots of flowers, and several other little things aspresents from patience heatherstone, and pablo set off on his return.
"edward, you do look like a--," said clara, stopping.
"like a secretary, i hope," added edward.
"well, you don't look like a forester; does he, patience?"
"you must not judge of people by their clothes, clara."
"nor do i," replied clara.
"those clothes would not look well uponoswald, or the other men, for they would not suit them; but they do suityou: don't they, patience?"
patience heatherstone, however, did not make any answer to this secondappeal made by clara.
"why don't you answer me, patience?"
"my dear clara, it's not the custom for young maidens to make remarksupon people's attire.
little girls like you may do so."
"why, did you not tell pablo that he looked well in his new clothes?"
"yes, but pablo is not mr armitage, clara.
that is very different."
"well, it may be, but still you might answer a question, if put to you,patience; and i ask again, does not edward look much better in the dresshe has on than in that he generally has worn?"
"i think it a becoming dress, clara, since you will have an answer."
"fine feathers make fine birds, clara," said edward, laughing: "and sothat is all we can say about it."
edward then changed the conversation.
soon afterwards dinner wasannounced, and clara again observed to edward--"why do you always callpatience, mistress heatherstone?
ought he not to call her patience,sir?"
said clara, appealing to the intendant.
"that must depend upon his own feelings, my dear clara," replied mrheatherstone.
"it is my intention to waive ceremony as much aspossible.
edward armitage has come to live with us as one of thefamily, and he will find himself treated by me as one of us.
i shall,therefore, in future address him as edward, and he has my fullpermission, and i may say it is my wish, that he should be on the samefamiliar terms with us all.
when edward feels inclined to address mydaughter as he does you, by her name of baptism, he will, i daresay, nowthat he has heard my opinion, do so; and reserve `mistress heatherstone'for the time when they have a quarrel."
"then i hope he will never again address me that way," observedpatience; "for i am under too great obligations to him to bear even theidea of being on had terms with him."
"do you hear that, edward?"
"yes, i do, clara; and after such a remark, you may be sure that i shallnever address her in that way again."
in a few days edward became quite at home.
in the forenoon mrheatherstone dictated one or two letters to him, which he wrote; andafter that his time was at his own disposal, and was chiefly passed inthe company of patience and clara.
with the first he had now become onthe most intimate and brotherly footing; and when they addressed eachother, patience and edward were the only appellations made use of.
oncemr heatherstone asked edward whether he would not like to go out withoswald to kill a deer, which he did; but the venison was hardly yet inseason.
there was a fine horse in the stable at edward's order, and heoften rode out with patience and clara; indeed his time passed soagreeably that he could hardly think it possible that a fortnight hadpassed away, when he asked permission to go over to the cottage and seehis sisters.
with the intendant's permission, patience and clara accompanied him; andthe joy of alice and edith was great, when they made their appearance.
oswald had, by edward's request, gone over a day or two before, to tellthem that they were coming, that they might be prepared; and theconsequence was that it was a holiday at the cottage.
alice had cookedher best dinner, and humphrey and pablo were at home to receive them.
"how pleasant it will be, if we are to see you and clara whenever we seeedward!"
said alice to patience.
"so far from being sorry that edwardis with you i shall be quite glad of it."
"i water the flowers every day," said edith, "and they make the gardenlook so gay."
"i will bring you plenty more in the autumn, edith; but this is not theright time for transplanting flowers yet," replied patience.
"and now,alice, you must take me to see your farm, for when i was here last i hadno time; let us come now, and show me everything."
"but my dinner, patience; i cannot leave it, or it will be spoiled, andthat will never do.
you must either go with edith now, or wait tillafter dinner, when i can get away."
"well, then, we will stay till after dinner, alice, and we will help youto serve it up."
"thank you, pablo generally does that, for edith cannot reach down thethings.
i don't know where he is."
"he went away with edward and humphrey, i think," said edith.
"i'llscold him when he comes back for being out of the way."
"never mind, edith, i can reach the dishes," said patience, "and you andclara can then take them, and the platters, and put them on the tablefor alice."
and patience did as she proposed, and the dinner was soon afterwards onthe table.
there was a ham, and two boiled fowls, and a piece of saltedbeef, and some roasted kid, besides potatoes and green peas; and when itis considered that such a dinner was set on the table by such youngpeople, left entirely to their own exertions and industry, it must beadmitted that it did them and their farm great credit.
in the meantime edward and humphrey, after the first greetings wereover, had walked out to converse, while pablo had taken the horses intothe stable.
"well, humphrey, how do you get on?"
"very well," replied humphrey.
"i have just finished a very tough job.
i have dug out the saw-pit, and have sawed the slabs for the sides ofthe pit, and made it quite secure.
the large fir-tree that was blowndown is now at the pit, ready for sawing up into planks, and pablo and iare to commence to-morrow.
at first we made but a bad hand of sawingoff the slabs, but before we had cut them all we got on pretty well.
pablo don't much like it, and indeed no more do i much, it is suchmechanical work, and so tiring; but he does not complain.
i do notintend that he shall saw more than two days in a week; that will besufficient; we shall get on fast enough."
"you are right, humphrey; it is an old saying, that you must not work awilling horse to death.
pablo is very willing, but hard work he is notaccustomed to."
"well, now you must come and look at my flock of goats, edward, they arenot far off.
i have taught holdfast to take care of them, and he neverleaves them now, and brings them home at night.
watch always remainswith me, and is an excellent dog, and very intelligent."
"you have indeed a fine flock, humphrey!"
"yes, and they are improved in appearance already since they have beenhere.
alice has got her geese and ducks, and i have made a place largeenough for them to wash in, until i have time to dig them out a pond."
"i thought we had gathered more hay than you required; but with thisaddition, i think you will find none to spare before the spring."
"so far from it, that i have been mowing down a great deal more, edward,and it is almost ready to carry away.
poor billy has had hard work ofit, i assure you, since he came back, with one thing and another."
"poor fellow, but it won't last long, humphrey," said edward, smiling;"the other horses will soon take his place."
"i trust they will," said humphrey, "at all events by next spring;before that i do not expect that they will."
"by the bye, humphrey, you recollect what i said to you that the robberi shot told me, just before he died?"
"yes, i do recollect it now," replied humphrey; "but i had quite forgotall about it till you mentioned it now, although i wrote it down, thatwe might not forget it."
"well, i have been thinking all about it, humphrey.
the robber told methat the money was mine, taking me for another person; therefore i donot consider it was given to me, nor do i consider that it was his togive.
i hardly know what to do about it, nor to whom the money can besaid to belong."
"well i think i can answer that question.
the property of allmalefactors belongs to the king; and therefore this money belongs to theking; and we may retain it for the king, or use it for his service."
"yes, it would have belonged to the king had the man been condemned, andhung on the gallows as he deserved; but he was not, and therefore ithink that it does not belong to the king."
"then it belongs to whoever finds it, and who keeps it till it isclaimed--which will never be."
"i think i must speak to the intendant about it," replied edward; "ishould feel more comfortable."
"then do so," replied humphrey; "i think you are right to have noconcealments from him."
"but, humphrey," replied edward, laughing, "what silly fellows we are!
we do not yet know whether we shall find anything; we must first see ifthere is anything buried there; and when we have done so, then we willdecide how to act.
i shall, if it please god, be over again in afortnight, and in the meantime, do you find out the place, and ascertainif what the fellow said is true."
"i will," replied humphrey.
"i will go to-morrow, with billy and thecart, and take a spade and pick-axe with me.
it may be a fool's errand,but still they say, and one would credit, for the honour of humannature, that the words of a dying man are those of truth.
we had bettergo back now, for i think dinner must be ready."
now that they had become so intimate with patience heatherstone--and imay add, so fond of her--there was no longer any restraint, and they hada very merry dinner-party; and after dinner, patience went out withalice and edith, and looked over the garden and farm.
she wished verymuch to ascertain if there was anything that they required, but shecould discover but few things, and those only trifles; but sherecollected them all, and sent them to the cottage a few daysafterwards.
but the hour of parting arrived, for it was a long rideback, and they could not stay any longer, if they wished to get homebefore dark, as mr heatherstone had requested edward that they shoulddo; so the horses were brought out, and wishing good-bye, they set offagain, little edith crying after them, "come again soon!
patience, mustcome again soon!"
the summer had now advanced, when oswald one day said to edward--"have you heard the news, sir?"
"nothing very particular," replied edward; "i know that general cromwellis over in ireland, and they say very successful; but i have caredlittle for particulars."
"they say a great deal more, sir," replied oswald; "they say that theking is in scotland, and that the scotch have raised an army for him."
replied edward, "that is news indeed!
the intendant has nevermentioned it to me."
"i daresay not, sir; for he knows your feelings, and would be sorry topart with you."
"i will certainly speak to him on the subject," said edward, "at therisk of his displeasure; and join the army i will, if i find what yousay is true.
i should hold myself a craven to remain here while theking is fighting for his own, and not to be at his side."
"well, sir, i think it is true, for i heard that the parliament had sentover for general cromwell to leave ireland, and lead the troops againstthe scotch army."
"you drive me mad, oswald!
i will go to the intendant immediately!"
edward, much excited by the intelligence, went into the room where heusually sat with the intendant.
the latter, who was at his desk, lookedup, and saw how flushed edward was, and said very quietly--"edward, you are excited, i presume, from hearing the news which hasarrived?"
"yes, sir, i am very much so; and i regret very much that i should bethe last to whom such important news is made known."
"it is, as you say, important news," replied the intendant; "but if youwill sit down, we will talk a little upon the subject."
edward took a chair, and the intendant said--"i have no doubt that your present feeling is to go to scotland, andjoin the army without delay?"
"such is my intention, i candidly confess, sir.
it is my duty."
"perhaps you may be persuaded to the contrary before we part," repliedthe intendant.
"the first duty you owe is to your family in theirpresent position; they depend upon you; and a false step on your partwould be their ruin.
how can you leave them, and leave my employ,without it being known for what purpose you are gone?
it is impossible!
i must myself make it known, and even then it would be very injuriousto me, the very circumstance of my having one of your party in myservice.
i am suspected by many already, in consequence of the part ihave taken against the murder of the late king, and also of the lordswho have since suffered.
but, edward, i did not communicate thisintelligence to you, for many reasons.
i knew that it would soon cometo your ears, and i thought it better that i should be more prepared toshow you that you may do yourself and me harm, and can do no good to theking.
i will now show you that i do put confidence in you; and if youwill read these letters, they will prove to you that i am correct inwhat i assert."
the intendant handed three letters to edward, by which it was evidentthat all the king's friends in england were of opinion that the time wasnot ripe for the attempt, and that it would be only a sacrifice to stirin the matter; that the scotch army raised was composed of those whowere the greatest enemies to the king, and that the best thing thatcould happen for the king's interest would be that they were destroyedby cromwell; that it was impossible for the english adherents of charlesto join them, and that the scotch did not wish them so to do.
"you are no politician, edward," said the intendant smiling, as edwardlaid the letters down on the table.
"you must admit, that in showingyou these letters i have put the utmost confidence in you?"
"you have indeed, sir; and thanking you for having so done, i hardlyneed add that your confidence will never be betrayed."
"that i am sure of; and i trust you will now agree with me and myfriends that the best thing is to remain quiet?"
"certainly, sir, and for the future i will be guided by you."
"that is all i require of you; and after that promise you shall hear allthe news as soon as it arrives.
there are thousands who are just asanxious to see the king on the throne again as you are, edward--and younow know that i am one of them; but the time is not yet come, and wemust bide our time.
depend upon it, that general cromwell will scatterthat army like chaff.
he is on his march now.
after what has passedbetween us this day, edward, i shall talk unreservedly to you on what isgoing on."
"i thank you, sir, and i promise you faithfully, as i said before, notonly to be guided by your advice but to be most secret in all that youmay trust me with."
"i have confidence in you, edward armitage; and now we will drop thesubject for the present: patience and clara want you to walk with them,so good-bye for a while."
edward left the intendant, much pleased with the interview.
theintendant kept his word, and concealed nothing from edward.
all turnedout as the intendant had foretold.
the scotch army was cut to pieces bycromwell, and the king retreated to the highlands; and edward now feltsatisfied that he could do no better than be guided by the intendant inall his future undertakings.
we must now pass over some time in a few words.
edward continued at theintendant's, and gave great satisfaction to mr heatherstone.
he passedhis time very agreeably, sometimes going out to shoot deer with oswald,and often supplying venison to his brother and sisters.
during theautumn, patience very often went to the cottage, and occasionally mrheatherstone paid them a visit; but after the winter set in edward cameover by himself, shooting as he went; and when he and smoker came, billyalways had a journey to go for the venison left in the forest.
patiencesent alice many little things for her own and edith's use, and some verygood books for them to read; and humphrey, during the evenings, readwith his sisters, that they might learn what he could teach them.
pabloalso learnt to read and write.
humphrey and pablo had worked at thesaw-pit, and had sawed out a large quantity of boards and timber forbuilding, but the work was put off till the spring.
the reader may recollect that edward had proposed to humphrey that heshould ascertain whether what the robber had stated before his death,relative to his having concealed his ill-gotten wealth under the treewhich was struck by lightning, was true.
about ten days afterwardshumphrey set off on this expedition.
he did not take pablo with him,as, although he had a very good opinion of him, he agreed with oswaldthat temptation should not be put in his way.
humphrey considered thatit would be the best plan to go at once to clara's cottage, and fromthat proceed to find the oak-tree mentioned by the robber.
when hearrived at the thicket which surrounded the cottage, it occurred to himthat he would just go through it and see if it was in the state whichthey had left it in; for after the intendant had been there he had givendirections to his men to remain and bury the bodies, and then to lock upthe doors and bring the keys to him, which had been done.
humphrey tiedbilly and the cart to a tree, and walked through the thicket.
as heapproached he heard voices; so he took care to advance very cautiously,for he had not brought his gun with him.
he crouched down as he came tothe opening before the cottage.
the doors and windows were open, andthere were two men sitting outside, cleaning their guns; and in one ofthem humphrey recognised the man corbould, who had been discharged bythe intendant as soon as his wound had been cured, and who was supposedto have gone to london.
humphrey was too far off to hear what theysaid: he remained there some time, and three more men came out of thecottage.
satisfied with what he had seen, humphrey cautiouslyretreated, and gaining the outside of the thicket, led away billy andthe cart over the turf, that the noise of the wheels might not be heard.
"this bodes no good," thought humphrey, as he went along, every now andthen looking back to ascertain if the men had come out and seen him.
"that corbould, we know, has vowed vengeance against edward and all ofus, and has no doubt joined those robbers--for robbers they must be--that he may fulfil his vow.
it is fortunate that i have made thediscovery, and i will send over immediately to the intendant."
as soonas a clump of trees had shut out the thicket, and he had no longer anyfear of being seen by these people, humphrey went in the direction whichthe robber had mentioned, and soon afterwards he perceived the oakscathed with lightning, which stood by itself on a green spot of abouttwenty acres.
it had been a noble tree before it had been destroyed;now it spread its long naked arms, covering a large space of ground, butwithout the least sign of vegetation or life remaining.
the trunk wasmany feet in diameter, and was apparently quite sound, although the treewas dead.
humphrey left billy to feed on the herbage close by, andthen, from the position of the sun in the heavens, ascertained the pointat which he was to dig.
first looking around him to see that he was notoverlooked, he took his spade and pick-axe out of the cart and began histask.
there was a spot not quite so green as the rest, which humphreythought likely to be the very place that he should dig at, as probablyit was not green from the soil having been removed.
he commenced atthis spot, and after a few moment's labour his pick-axe struck uponsomething hard, which, on clearing away the earth, he discovered to bethe lid of a wooden box.
satisfied that he was right, humphrey nowworked hard, and in a few minutes he had cleared sufficient space to beable to lift out the box and place it on the turf.
he was about toexamine it, when he perceived, at about five hundred yards' distance,three men coming towards him.
"they have discovered me," thoughthumphrey; "and i must be off as soon as i can."
he ran to billy, whowas close to him, and bringing the cart to where the box lay, he liftedit in.
as he was getting in himself, with the reins in his hands, heperceived that the three men were running towards him as fast as theycould, and that they all had guns in their hands.
they were not morethan a hundred and fifty yards from him when humphrey set off, puttingbilly to a full trot.
the three men observing this, called out to humphrey to stop, or theywould fire; but humphrey's only reply was giving a lash to billy, whichset him off at a gallop.
the men immediately fired, and the bulletswhistled past humphrey without doing any harm.
humphrey looked round,and finding that he had increased his distance, pulled up the pony, andwent a more moderate pace.
"you'll not catch me," thought humphrey;"and your guns are not loaded, so i'll tantalise you a little."
he madebilly walk, and turned round to see what the men were about; they hadarrived at where he had dug out the box, and were standing round thehole, evidently aware that it was no use following him.
"now," thoughthumphrey, as he went along at a faster pace, "those fellows will wonderwhat i have been digging up.
the villains little think that i knowwhere to find them, and they have proved what they are by firing at me.
now, what must i do?
they may follow me to the cottage, for i have nodoubt that they know where we live, and that edward is at theintendant's.
they may come and attack us, and i dare not leave thecottage to-night, or send pablo away, in case they should; but i willto-morrow morning."
humphrey considered as he went along all thecircumstances and probabilities, and decided that he would act as he atfirst proposed to himself.
in an hour he was at the cottage; and assoon as alice had given him his dinner--for he was later than the usualdinner-hour--he told her what had taken place.
"where is pablo?"
"he has been working in the garden with edith all the day," repliedalice.
"well, dear, i hope they will not come to-night: to-morrow i will havethem all in custody; but if they do come, we must do our best to beatthem off.
it is fortunate that edward left the guns and pistols whichhe found in clara's cottage, so we shall have no want of firearms; andwe can barricade the doors and windows, so that they cannot get in in ahurry; but i must have pablo to help me, for there is no time to belost."
"but cannot i help you, humphrey?"
"surely i can dosomething?"
"we will see, alice; but i think i can do without you.
we have stillplenty of daylight.
i will take the box into your room."
humphrey, who had only taken the box out of the cart and carried itwithin the threshold of the door, now took it into his sisters' bedroom,and then went out and called pablo, who came running to him.
"pablo," said humphrey, "we must bring to the cottage some of the largepieces we sawed out for rafters; for i should not be surprised if thecottage were attacked this night."
he then told pablo what had takenplace.
"you see, pablo, i dare not send to the intendant to-night incase the robbers should come here."
"no, not send to-night," said pablo; "stay here and fight them; firstmake door fast, then cut hole to fire through."
"yes, that was my idea.
you don't mind fighting them, pablo?"
"no; fight hard for missy alice and missy edith," said pablo; "fight foryou too, massa humphrey, and fight for myself," added pablo, laughing.
they then went for the pieces of squared timber, brought them from thesaw-pit to the cottage, and very soon fitted them to the doors andwindows, so as to prevent several men, with using all their strength,from forcing them open.
"that will do," said humphrey; "and now get me the small saw, pablo, andi will cut a hole or two to fire through."
it was dark before they had finished, and then they made all fast, andwent to pablo's room for the arms, which they got ready for service, andloaded.
"now, we are all ready, alice, so let us have our supper," saidhumphrey.
"we will make a fight for it, and they shall not get in soeasily as they think."
after they had had their supper, humphrey said the prayers, and told hissisters to go to bed.
"yes, humphrey, we will go to bed, but we will not undress; for if theycome, i must be up to help you.
i can load a gun, you know, and edithcan take them to you as fast as i load them.
won't you, edith?"
"yes, i will bring you the guns, humphrey, and you shall shoot them,"replied edith.
humphrey kissed his sisters, and they went to their room.
he then put alight in the chimney, that he might not have to get one in case therobbers came, and then desired pablo to go and lie down on his bed, ashe intended to do the same.
humphrey remained awake till past threeo'clock in the morning; but no robbers came.
pablo was snoring loud,and at last humphrey fell asleep himself and did not awake till broaddaylight.
he got up, and found alice and edith were already in thesitting-room, lighting the fire.
"i would not wake you, humphrey, as you had been sitting up so long.
the robbers have not made their appearance, that is clear; shall youunbar the door and window-shutters now?"
"yes, i think we may.
"yes," replied pablo, coming out half asleep; "what the matter?
"no," replied edith, "thief not come, but sun shine; and lazy pablo notget up."
"up now, missy edith."
"yes, but not awake yet."
"yes, missy edith, quite awake."
"well then, help me to undo the door, pablo."
they took down the barricades, and humphrey opened the door cautiously,and looked out.
"they won't come now, at all events, i should think," observed humphrey;"but there is no saying--they may be prowling about, and may think iteasier to get in during daytime than at night.
go out, pablo, and lookabout everywhere; take a pistol with you, and fire it off if there isany danger, and then come back as fast as you can."
pablo took the pistol, and then humphrey went out of the door and lookedwell round in front of the cottage, but he would not leave the door tillhe was assured that no one was there.
pablo returned soon after, sayingthat he had looked round everywhere, and into the cow-house and yard,and there was nobody to be seen.
this satisfied humphrey, and theyreturned to the cottage.
"now, pablo, get your breakfast, while i write the letter to theintendant," said humphrey; "and then you must saddle billy and go overas fast as you can with the letter.
you can tell him all i have notsaid in it.
i shall expect you back at night, and some people withyou."
"i see," said pablo, who immediately busied himself with some cold meatwhich alice put before him.
pablo had finished his breakfast andbrought billy to the door before humphrey had finished his letter.
assoon as it was written and folded pablo set off as fast as billy couldgo to the other side of the forest.
humphrey continued on the look-out during the whole day, with his gun onhis arm, and his two dogs by his side; for he knew the dogs would givenotice of the approach of any one, long before he might see them; butnothing occurred during the whole day; and when the evening closed in hebarricaded the doors and windows, and remained on the watch with thedogs, waiting for the coming of the robbers, or for the coming of theparty which he expected would be sent by the intendant to take them.
just as it was dark pablo returned with a note from edward saying thathe would be over by ten o'clock, with a large party.
humphrey had said in his letter that it would be better that any forcesent by the intendant should not arrive till after dark, as the robbersmight be near and perceive them, and then they might escape; he did nottherefore expect them to come till some time after dark.
humphrey wasreading a book--pablo was dozing in the chimney-corner--the two girlshad retired into their room and had lain down on the bed in theirclothes--when the dogs both gave a low growl.
"somebody come," said pablo, starting up.
again the dogs growled, and humphrey made a sign to pablo to hold histongue.
a short time of anxious silence succeeded, for it wasimpossible to ascertain whether the parties were friends or enemies.
the dogs now sprang up and barked furiously at the door, and as soon ashumphrey had silenced them, a voice was heard outside, begging foradmission to a poor benighted traveller.
this was sufficient: it couldnot be the party from the intendant's, but the robbers who wished toinduce them to open the door.
pablo put a gun into humphrey's hand, andtook another for himself; he then removed the light into the chimney,and on the application from outside being repeated, humphrey answered--"that he never opened the door at that hour of the night, and that itwas useless their remaining."
no answer or repetition of the request was made, but, as humphreyretreated with pablo into the fireplace, a gun was fired into the lockof the door, which was blown off into the room, and had it not been forthe barricades the door must have flown open.
the robbers appearedsurprised at such not being the case, and one of them inserted his arminto the hole made in the door to ascertain what might be the furtherobstacle to open it, when pablo slipped past humphrey, and gaining thedoor, discharged his gun under the arm which had been thrust into thehole in the door.
the person, whoever it might have been, gave a loudcry, and fell at the threshold outside.
"i think that will do," said humphrey; "we must not take more life thanis necessary.
i had rather that you had fired through his arm--it wouldhave disabled him, and that would have sufficed."
"kill much better," said pablo.
"corbould shot through leg, come againto rob; suppose shot dead, never rob more."
the dogs now flew to the back of the cottage, evidently pointing outthat the robbers were attempting that side.
humphrey put his gunthrough the hole in the door, and discharged it.
"why you do that, massa humphrey, nobody there!"
"i know that, pablo; but if the people are coming from the intendant'sthey will see the flash and perhaps hear the report, and it will letthem know what is going on."
"there is another gun loaded, humphrey," said alice, who with edith hadjoined them without humphrey observing it.
"thanks, love; but you and edith must not remain here: sit down on thehearth, and then you will be sheltered from any bullet which they mayfire into the house.
i have no fear of their getting in, and we shallhave help directly, i have no doubt.
pablo, i shall fire through theback door; they must be there, for the dogs have their noses under it,and are so violent.
do you fire another gun, as a signal, through thehole in the front door."
humphrey stood within four feet of the back door, and fired just abovewhere the dogs held their noses and barked.
pablo discharged his gun asdirected, and then returned to reload the guns.
the dogs were now morequiet, and it appeared as if the robbers had retreated from the backdoor.
pablo blew out the light, which had been put more in the centreof the room, when alice and edith took possession of the fireplace.
"no fear, missy edith, i know where find everything," said pablo, whonow went and peered through the hole in the front door, to see if therobbers were coming to it again; but he could see and hear nothing forsome time.
at last the attack was renewed; the dogs flew backwards and forwards,sometimes to one door and then to another, as if both were to beassailed: and at the same time a crash in alice's bed-chamber told themthat the robbers had burst in the small window in that room, whichhumphrey had not paid any attention to, as it was so small that a mancould hardly introduce his body through it.
humphrey immediately calledholdfast and opened the door of the room; for he thought that a manforcing his way in would be driven back or held by the dog, and he andpablo dared not leave the two doors.
watch, the other dog, followedholdfast into the bedroom; and oaths and curses, mingled with the savageyells of the dogs, told them that a conflict was going on.
both doorswere now battered with heavy pieces of timber at the same time, andpablo said--"great many robbers here."
a moment or more had passed, during which pablo and humphrey had bothagain fired their guns through the door, when, of a sudden, other soundswere heard--shots were fired outside, loud cries, and angry oaths andexclamations.
"the intendant's people are come," said humphrey, "i am sure of it."
shortly afterwards humphrey heard his name called by edward, and hereplied, and went to the door and undid the barricades.
"get a light, alice, dear," said humphrey, "we are all safe now.
i willopen the door directly, edward, but in the dark i cannot see thefastenings."
"are you all safe, humphrey?"
"yes, all safe, edward.
wait till alice brings a light."
alice soon brought one, and then the door was unfastened.
edwardstepped over the body of a man which lay at the threshold, saying--"you have settled somebody there, at all events," and then caught edithand alice in his arms.
he was followed by oswald and some other men, leading in the prisoners.
"bind that fellow fast, oswald," said edward.
"get another light,pablo; let us see who it is that lies outside the door."
"first see who is in my bedroom, edward," said alice, "for the dogs arestill there."
"in your bedroom, dearest?
well, then, let us go there first."
edward went in with humphrey, and found a man half in the window andhalf out, held by the throat and apparently suffocated by the two dogs.
he took the dogs off; and desiring the men to secure the robber, andascertain whether he was alive or not, he returned to the sitting-room,and then went to examine the body outside the door.
"corbould, as i live!"
"yes," replied edward; "he has gone to his account.
god forgive him!"
on inquiry they found that of all the robbers, to the number of ten, notone had escaped--eight they had made prisoners, corbould, and the manwhom the dogs had seized, and who was found to be quite dead, made upthe number.
the robbers were all bound and guarded; and then, leavingthem under the charge of oswald and five of his men, edward and humphreyset off with seven more to clara's cottage, to ascertain if there wereany more to be found there.
they arrived by two o'clock in the morning,and on knocking several times the door was opened and they seizedanother man, the only one who was found in it.
they then went back tothe cottage with their prisoner, and by the time that they had arrivedit was daylight.
as soon as the party sent by the intendant had beensupplied with breakfast, edward bade farewell to humphrey and hissisters, that he might return and deliver up his prisoners.
pablo wentwith him to bring back the cart which carried the two dead bodies.
thiscapture cleared the forest of the robbers who had so long infested it,for they never had any more attempts made from that time.
before edward left, humphrey and he examined the box which had been dugup from under the oak, and which had occasioned such danger to theinmates of the cottage; for one of the men stated to edward that theysuspected that the box which they had seen humphrey dig out containedtreasure, and that without they had seen him in possession of it, theynever should have attacked the cottage, although corbould had oftenpersuaded them so to do; but as they knew that he was only seekingrevenge--and they required money to stimulate them--they had refused, asthey considered that there was nothing to be obtained in the cottageworth the risk, as they knew that the inmates had firearms and woulddefend themselves.
on examination of its contents, they found in it asum of forty pounds in gold, a bag of silver, and some other valuablesin silver spoons, candlesticks, and ornaments for women.
edward took alist of the contents, and when he returned he stated to the intendantall that had occurred, and requested to know what should be done withthe money and other articles which humphrey had found.
"i wish you had said nothing to me about it," said the intendant,"although i am pleased with your open and fair dealing.
i cannot sayanything, except that you had better let humphrey keep it till it isclaimed--which, of course, it never will be.
but, edward, humphrey mustcome over here and make his deposition, as i must report the capture ofthese robbers and send them to trial.
you had better go with the clerkand take the depositions of pablo and your sisters, while humphrey comeshere.
you can stay till his return.
their depositions are not of somuch consequence as humphrey's, as they can only speak as to the attack,but humphrey's i must take down myself."
when patience and clara heard that edward was going over, they obtainedleave to go with him to see alice and edith, and were to be escortedback by humphrey.
this the intendant consented to, and they had a verymerry party.
humphrey remained two days at the intendant's house, andthen returned to the cottage, where edward had taken his place duringhis absence.
the winter set in very severe, and the falls of snow were very heavy andfrequent.
it was fortunate humphrey had been so provident in making solarge a quantity of hay, or the stock would have been starved.
theflock of goats, in great part, subsisted themselves on the bark of treesand moss; at night they had some hay given to them, and they did verywell.
it was hardly possible for edward to come over to see his brotherand sisters, for the snow was so deep as to render such a long journeytoo fatiguing for a horse.
twice or thrice after the snow fell hecontrived to get over, but after that they knew that it was impossible,and they did not expect him.
humphrey and pablo had little to do exceptattending to the stock, and cutting firewood to keep up their supply,for they now burnt it very fast.
the snow lay several feet high roundthe cottage, being driven against it by the wind.
they had kept apassage clear to the yard, and had kept the yard as clear as possible:they could do no more.
a sharp frost and clear weather succeeded to thesnow-storms, and there appeared no chance of the snow melting away.
thenights were dark and long, and their oil for their lamp was getting low.
humphrey was anxious to go to lymington, as they required many things;but it was impossible to go anywhere except on foot, and walking was,from the depth of the snow, a most fatiguing exercise.
there was onething, however, that humphrey had not forgotten, which was, that he hadtold edward that he would try and capture some of the forest ponies; andduring the whole of the time since the heavy fall of snow had takenplace he had been making his arrangements.
the depth of the snowprevented the animals from obtaining any grass, and they were almoststarved, as they could find nothing to subsist upon except the twigs andbranches of trees which they could reach.
humphrey went out with pabloand found the herd, which was about five miles from the cottage, andnear to clara's old home.
he and pablo brought with them as much hay asthey could carry, and strewed it about, so as to draw the ponies nearerto them, and then humphrey looked for a place which would answer hispurpose.
about three miles from the cottage he found what he thoughtwould suit him; there was a sort of avenue between two thickets, about ahundred yards wide; and the wind blowing through this avenue, during thesnow-storm, had drifted the snow at one end of it, and raised rightacross it a large mound several feet high.
by strewing small bundles ofhay he drew the herd of ponies into this avenue, and in it he left thema good quantity to feed upon every night for several nights, till atlast the herd went there every morning.
"now, pablo, we must make a trial," said humphrey.
"you must get yourlassos ready, in case they should be required.
we must go to the avenuebefore daylight with the two dogs, tie one upon one side of the avenueand the other on the other, that they may bark and prevent the poniesfrom attempting to escape through the thicket.
then we must get theponies between us and the drift of snow which lies across the avenue,and try if we cannot draw them into the drift.
if so, they will plungein so deep that some of them will not be able to get out before we havethrown the ropes round their necks."
"i see," said pablo; "very good--soon catch them."
before daylight they went with the dogs and a large bundle of hay, whichthey strewed nearer to the mound of drifted snow.
they then tied thedogs up on each side, ordering them to lie down and be quiet.
then theywalked through the thicket so as not to be perceived, until theyconsidered that they were far enough from the snow-drift.
aboutdaylight the herd came to pick up the hay as usual, and after they hadpassed them humphrey and pablo followed in the thicket, not wishing toshow themselves till the last moment.
while the ponies were busy withthe hay, they suddenly ran out into the avenue and separated, so as toprevent the ponies from attempting to gallop past them.
shouting asloud as they could, as they ran up to the ponies, and calling to thedogs, who immediately set up a barking on each side; the ponies, alarmedat the noise and the appearance of humphrey and pablo, naturally set offin the only direction which appeared to them to be clear, and gallopedaway towards the mound of drifted snow, with their tails streaming, andsnorting and plunging in the snow as they hurried along; but as soon asthey arrived at the mound they plunged first up to their bellies, andafterwards, as they attempted to force their way where the snow wasdeeper, many of them stuck fast altogether, and struggled to clearthemselves in vain.
humphrey and pablo, who had followed them as fastas they could run, now came up with them and threw the lasso over theneck of one, and ropes with slip nooses over two more, which werefloundering in the snow there together.
the remainder of the herd,after great exertions, got clear off by turning round and gallopingback--through the avenue.
the three captured ponies made a furiousstruggle; but by drawing the ropes tight round their necks they werewell-nigh choked, and soon unable to move.
the lads then tied theirfore-legs, and loosened the ropes round their necks that they mightrecover their breath.
"got them now, massa humphrey," said pablo.
"yes, but our work is not yet over, pablo; we must get them home; howshall we manage that?"
"suppose they no eat to-day and to-morrow, get very tame."
"i believe that will be the best way; they cannot get loose again, doall they can."
"no, sir; but get one home to-day.
this very fine pony; suppose we tryhim."
pablo then put the halter on, and tied the end short to the fore-leg ofthe pony, so that it could not walk without keeping its head close tothe ground--if it raised its head it was obliged to lift up its leg.
then he put the lasso round its neck to choke it if it was too unruly,and, having done that, he cast loose the ropes which had tied itsfore-legs together.
"now, massa humphrey, we get him home somehow.
first i go loose thedogs; he 'fraid of the dogs, and run t'other way."
the pony, which was an iron-grey and very handsome, plunged furiouslyand kicked behind; but it could not do so without falling down, which itdid several times before pablo returned with the dogs.
humphrey heldone part of the lasso on one side, and pablo on the other, keeping thepony between them; and with the dogs barking at it behind, theycontrived, with a great deal of exertion and trouble, to get the pony tothe cottage.
the poor animal, driven in this way on three legs, andevery now and then choked with the lasso, was covered with foam beforethey arrived.
billy was turned out of his stable to make room for thenewcomer, who was fastened securely to the manger and then left withoutfood, that he might become tame.
it was too late then, and they weretoo tired themselves to go for the other two ponies, so they were leftlying on the snow all night, and the next morning they found them muchtamer than they were at first, and during the day, following the sameplan, they were both brought to the stable and secured alongside of theother.
one was a bay pony with black legs, and the other a brown one.
the bay pony was a mare, and the other two horses.
alice and edith weredelighted with the new ponies, and humphrey was not a little pleasedthat he had succeeded in capturing them, after what had passed betweenedward and himself.
after two days' fasting, the poor animals were sotame that they ate out of pablo's hand and submitted to be stroked andcaressed; and before they were a fortnight in the stable.
alice andedith could go up to them without danger.
they were soon broken in; forthe yard being full of muck, pablo took them into it and mounted them.
they plunged and kicked at first, and tried all they could to get rid ofhim, but they sank so deep into the muck that they were soon tired out;and after a month they were all three tolerably quiet to ride.
the snow was so deep all over the country that there was littlecommunication with the metropolis.
the intendant's letter spoke of kingcharles raising another army in holland, and that his adherents inengland were preparing to join him as soon as he marched southward.
"i think, edward," said the intendant, "that the king's affairs do nowwear a more promising aspect, but there is plenty of time yet.
i knowyour anxiety to serve your king, and i cannot blame it.
i shall notprevent your going, although of course i must not be cognisant of yourhaving so done.
when the winter breaks up i shall send you to london.
you will then be able better to judge of what is going on, and yourabsence will not create any suspicion; but you must be guided by me."
"i certainly will, sir," replied edward.
"i should indeed like tostrike one blow for the king, come what will."
"all depends upon whether they manage affairs well in scotland; butthere is so much jealousy and pride, and i fear treachery also, that itis hard to say how matters may end."
it was soon after this conversation that a messenger arrived from londonwith letters, announcing that king charles had been crowned in scotlandwith great solemnity and magnificence.
"the plot thickens," said the intendant; "and by this letter from mycorrespondent ashley cooper, i find that the king's army is wellappointed, and that david lesley is lieutenant-general: middletoncommands the horse, and wemyss the artillery.
that wemyss is certainlya good officer, but was not true to the late king:--may he behave betterto the present!
now, edward, i shall send you to london, and i willgive you letters to those who will advise you how to proceed.
you maytake the black horse; he will bear you well.
you will of course writeto me, for sampson will go with you, and you can send him back when youconsider that you do not require or wish for his presence: there is notime to be lost, for, depend upon it, cromwell, who is still atedinburgh, will take the field as soon as he can.
are you ready tostart to-morrow morning?"
"yes, sir, quite ready."
"i fear that you cannot go over to the cottage to bid farewell to yoursisters, but perhaps it is better that you should not."
"i think so too, sir," replied edward; "now that the snow has nearlydisappeared i did think of going over, having been so long absent, but imust send oswald over instead."
"well, then, leave me to write my letters, and do you prepare yoursaddle-bags.
patience and clara will assist you.
tell sampson to cometo me."
edward went to patience and clara, and told them that he was to set offfor london on the following morning, and was about to make hispreparations.
"how long do you remain, edward?"
"i cannot tell; sampson goes with me, and i must of course be guided byyour father.
do you know where the saddle-bags are, patience?"
"yes, phoebe shall bring them to your room."
"and you and clara must come and give me your assistance."
"certainly we will, if you require it; but i did not know that yourwardrobe was so extensive."
"you know that it is anything but extensive, patience; but that is thereason why your assistance is more required.
a small wardrobe ought atleast to be in good order; and what i would require is, that you wouldlook over the linen, and where it requires a little repair you willbestow upon it your charity."
"that we will do, clara," replied patience; "so get your needles andthread, and let us send him to london with whole linen.
we will comewhen we are ready, sir."
"i don't like his going to london at all," said clara; "we shall be solonely when he has gone."
edward had left the room, and having obtained the saddle-bags fromphoebe, had gone up to his chamber.
the first thing that he laid holdof was his father's sword; he took it down, and having wiped itcarefully, he kissed it, saying, "god grant that i may do credit to it,and prove as worthy to wield it as was my brave father!"
he had utteredthese words aloud; and again taking the sword, and laying it down on thebed, turned round, and perceived that patience had, unknown to him,entered the room, and was standing close to him.
edward was notconscious that he had spoken aloud, and therefore merely said, "i wasnot aware of your presence, patience.
your foot is so light."
"whose sword is that, edward?"
"it is mine; i bought it at lymington."
"but what makes you have such an affection for that sword?"
"affection for it?"
"yes; as i came into the room you kissed it as fervently as--""as a lover would his mistress, i presume you would say," repliededward.
"nay, i meant not to use such vain words.
i was about to say as acatholic would a relic.
i ask you again, why so?
a sword is but asword.
you are about to leave this on a mission of my father's.
youare not a soldier, about to engage in strife and war; if you were, whykiss your sword?"
"i will tell you.
i do love this sword.
i purchased it, as i told you,at lymington, and they told me that it belonged to colonel beverley.
itis for his sake that i love it.
you know what obligations our familywere under to him."
"this sword was then wielded by colonel beverley, the celebratedcavalier, was it?"
said patience, taking it from off the bed andexamining it.
"yes, it was; and here, you see, are his initials upon the hilt."
"and why do you take it to london with you?
surely it is not the weaponwhich should be worn by a secretary, edward: it is too large, andcumbrous, and out of character."
"recollect, that till these last few months i have been a forester,patience, and not a secretary.
indeed i feel that i am more fit foractive life than the situation which your father's kindness has bestowedupon me.
i was brought up, as you have heard, to follow to the wars,had my patron lived."
patience made no reply.
clara now joined them, and they commenced thetask of examining the linen; and edward left the room, as he wished tospeak with oswald.
they did not meet again till dinner-time.
edward'ssudden departure had spread a gloom over them all,--even the intendantwas silent and thoughtful.
in the evening he gave edward the letterswhich he had written, and a considerable sum of money, telling him wherehe was to apply if he required more for his expenses.
the intendantcautioned him on his behaviour in many points, and also relative to hisdress and carriage during his stay in the metropolis.
"if you should leave london there will be no occasion, nay, it would bedangerous to write to me.
i shall take it for granted that you willretain sampson till your departure, and when he returns here i shallpresume that you have gone north.
i will not detain you longer, edward:may heaven bless and protect you!"
so saying, the intendant went away to his own room.
"kind and generous man!"
thought edward; "how much did i mistake youwhen we first met!"
taking up the letters and bag of money, which still remained on thetable, edward went to his room, and having placed the letters and moneyin the saddle-bag, he commended himself to the divine protector, andretired to rest.
before daylight the sound of sampson's heavy travelling boots belowroused up edward, and he was soon dressed.
taking his saddle-bags onhis arm, he walked softly downstairs, that he might not disturb any ofthe family; but when he was passing the sitting-room he perceived thatthere was a light in it, and on looking in, that patience was up anddressed.
edward looked surprised, and was about to speak, when patiencesaid--"i rose early, edward, because, when i took leave of you last night, iforgot a little parcel that i wanted to give you before you went.
itwill not take much room, and may beguile a weary hour.
it is a littlebook of meditations.
will you accept it, and promise me to read it whenyou have time?"
"i certainly will, my dear patience--if i may venture on theexpression--read it, and think of you."
"nay you must read it and think of what it contains," replied patience.
"i will, then.
i shall not need the book to remind me of patienceheatherstone, i assure you."
"and now, edward, i do not pretend to surmise the reason of yourdeparture, nor would it be becoming in me to attempt to discover what myfather thinks proper to be silent upon, but i must beg you to promiseone thing."
"name it, dear patience," replied edward; "my heart is so full at thethought of leaving you that i feel i can refuse you nothing."
"it is this,--i have a presentiment, i know not why, that you are aboutto encounter danger.
if so, be prudent,--be prudent for the sake ofyour dear sisters--be prudent for the sake of all your friends, whowould regret you--promise me that."
"i do promise you, most faithfully, patience, that i will ever have mysisters and you in my thoughts, and will not be rash under anycircumstances."
"thank you, edward; may god bless you and preserve you!"
edward first kissed patience's hand, that was held in his own; butperceiving the tears starting in her eyes, he kissed them off, withoutany remonstrance on her part, and then left the room.
in a few momentsmore he was mounted on a fine powerful black horse, and followed bysampson, on his road to london.
we will pass over the journey, which was accomplished without any eventworthy of remark.
edward had, from the commencement, called sampson tohis side, that he might answer the questions he had to make upon allthat he saw, and which the reader must be aware was quite new to onewhose peregrinations had been confined to the new forest and the townadjacent.
sampson was a very powerful man, of a cool and silentcharacter, by no means deficient in intelligence, and trustworthywithal.
he had long been a follower of the intendant, and had served inthe army.
he was very devout; and generally, when not addressed, wassinging hymns in a low voice.
on the evening of the second day they were close to the metropolis, andsampson pointed out to edward saint paul's cathedral and westminsterabbey, and other objects worthy of note.
"and where are we to lodge, sampson?"
"the best hotel that i know of for man and beast is the `swan with threenecks,' in holborn.
it is not over frequented by roysterers, and youwill there be quiet, and if your affairs demand it, unobserved."
"that will suit me, sampson: i wish to observe, and not be observed,during my stay in london."
before dark they had arrived at the hotel, and the horses were in thestable.
edward had procured an apartment to his satisfaction, and,feeling fatigued with his two days' travelling, had gone to bed.
the following morning he examined the letters which had been given tohim by the intendant, and inquired of sampson if he could direct him onhis way.
sampson knew london well: and edward set out to spring gardensto deliver a letter, which the intendant informed him was confidential,to a person of the name of langton.
edward knocked and was ushered in,sampson taking a seat in the hall while edward was shown into ahandsomely-furnished library, where he found himself in the presence ofa tall spare man, dressed after the fashion of the roundheads of thetime.
he presented the letter.
mr langton bowed and requested edwardto sit down; and after edward had taken a chair, he then seated himselfand opened the letter.
"you are right welcome, master armitage," said mr langton; "i findthat, young as you appear to be, you are in the whole confidence of ourmutual friend mr heatherstone.
he hints at your being probably obligedto take a journey to the north, and that you will be glad to take chargeof any letters which i may have to send in that direction.
i will havethem ready for you; and in case of need they will be such as will give acolouring to your proceeding, provided you may not choose to reveal yourtrue object.
how wears our good friend heatherstone, and his daughter?"
"quite well, sir."
"and he told me in one of his former letters that he had the daughter ofour poor friend ratcliffe with him.
is it not so?"
"it is, mr langton; and as gentle and pretty a child as you could wishto see."
"when did you arrive in london?"
"yesterday evening, sir."
"and do you propose any stay?"
"that i cannot answer, sir; i must be guided by your advice.
i havenought to do here, unless it be to deliver some three or four letters,given me by mr heatherstone."
"it is my opinion, master armitage, that the less you are seen in thiscity the better; there are hundreds employed to find out newcomers, andto discover from their people, or by other means, for what purpose theymay have come; for you must be aware, master armitage, that the timesare dangerous and people's minds are various.
in attempting to freeourselves from what we considered despotism, we have created forourselves a worse despotism, and one that is less endurable.
it is tobe hoped that what has passed will make not only kings, but subjects,wiser than they have been.
now what do you propose--to leave thisinstantly?"
"certainly, if you think it advisable."
"my advice, then, is to leave london immediately.
i will give youletters to some friends of mine in lancashire and yorkshire; in eithercounty you can remain unnoticed, and make what preparations you thinknecessary.
but do nothing in haste--consult well, and be guided bythem, who will, if it is considered advisable and prudent, join with youin your project.
i need say no more.
call upon me to-morrow morning anhour before noon, and i will have letters ready for you."
edward rose to depart, and thanked mr langton for his kindness.
"farewell, master armitage," said langton; "to-morrow at the hour ofeleven!"
edward then quitted the house, and delivered the other letters ofcredence, the only one of importance at the moment was the one ofcredit; the others were to various members of the parliament, desiringthem to know master armitage as a confidential friend of the intendant,and in case of need to exert their good offices in his behalf.
theletter of credit was upon a hamburgh merchant, who asked edward if herequired money.
edward replied that he did not at present, but that hehad business to do for his employer in the north, and might require somewhen there, if it was possible to obtain it so far from london.
"when do you set out?
and to what town do you go?"
"that i cannot well tell till to-morrow."
"call before you leave this, and i will find some means of providing foryou as you wish."
edward then returned to the hotel.
before he went to bed he toldsampson that he found that he had to leave london on mr heatherstone'saffairs, and might be absent some time; he concluded by observing thathe did not consider it necessary to take him with him, as he coulddispense with his services, and mr heatherstone would be glad to havehim back.
"as you wish, sir," replied sampson.
"when am i to go back?"
"you may leave to-morrow as soon as you please.
i have no letter tosend.
you may tell them that i am well, and will write as soon as ihave anything positive to communicate."
edward then made sampson a present, and wished him a pleasant journey.
at the hour appointed on the following day edward repaired to mrlangton, who received him very cordially.
"i am all ready for you, master armitage: there is a letter to twocatholic ladies in lancashire, who will take great care of you; and hereis one to a friend of mine in yorkshire.
the ladies live about fourmiles from the town of bolton, and my yorkshire friend in the city ofyork.
you may trust to either of them.
and now, farewell; and, ifpossible, leave london before nightfall--the sooner the better.
whereis your servant?"
"he has returned to mr heatherstone this morning."
"you have done right.
lose no time in leaving london; and don't be in ahurry in your future plans.
you understand me.
if any one accosts youon the road put no trust in any professions.
you of course are goingdown to your relations in the north.
have you pistols?"
"yes, sir; i have a pair which belonged to the unfortunate mrratcliffe."
"then they are good ones, i'll answer for it: no man was more particularabout his weapons, or knew how to use them better.
farewell, masterarmitage, and may success attend you."
mr langton held out his hand to edward, who respectfully took hisleave.
edward was certain that mr langton would not have advised him to leavelondon if he had not considered that it was dangerous to remain.
hetherefore first called upon the hamburgh merchant, who, upon hisexplanation, gave him a letter of credit to a friend who resided in thecity of york; and then returned to the hotel, packed up his saddle-bags,paid his reckoning, and, mounting his horse, set off on the northernroad.
as it was late in the afternoon before he was clear of themetropolis, he did not proceed farther than barnet, where he pulled upat the inn.
as soon as he had seen his horse attended to, edward, withhis saddle-bags on his arm, went into the room in the inn where all thetravellers congregated.
having procured a bed and given his saddle-bagsinto the charge of the hostess, he sat down by the fire, which, althoughit was warm weather, was nevertheless kept alight.
edward had made no alteration in the dress which he had worn since hehad been received in the house of mr heatherstone.
it was plain,although of good materials.
he wore a high-crowned hat, and altogetherwould, from his attire, have been taken for one of the roundhead party.
his sword and shoulder-belt were indeed of more gay appearance thanthose usually worn by the roundheads; but this was the only difference.
when edward first entered the room there were three persons in it, whoseappearance was not very prepossessing.
they were dressed in what hadonce been very gay attire, but which now exhibited tarnished lace,stains of wine, and dust from travelling.
they eyed him as he enteredwith his saddle-bags, and one of them said--"that's a fine horse youwere riding, sir.
has he much speed?"
"he has," replied edward, as he turned away, and went into the bar tospeak with the hostess, and give his property into her care.
"going north, sir?"
inquired the same person when edward returned.
"not exactly," replied edward, walking to the window to avoid furtherconversation.
"the roundhead is on the stilts," observed another of the party.
"yes," replied the first; "it is easy to see that he has not beenaccustomed to be addressed by gentlemen; for half a pin i would slit hisears."
edward did not choose to reply; he folded his arms and looked at the manwith contempt.
the hostess, who had overheard the conversation, now called for herhusband, and desired him to go into the room and prevent any furtherinsults to the young gentleman who had just come in.
the host, who knewthe parties, entered the room, and said--"now you'll clear out of this as fast as you can; be off with you, andgo to the stables, or i'll send for somebody whom you will not like."
the three men rose and swaggered, but obeyed the host's orders, and leftthe room.
"i am sorry, young master, that these roysterers should have affrontedyou, as my wife tells me that they have.
i did not know that they werein the house.
we cannot well refuse to take in their horses; but weknow well who they are, and, if you are travelling far, you had betterride in company."
"thank you for your caution, my good host," replied edward; "i thoughtthat they were highwaymen, or something of that sort."
"you have made a good guess, sir; but nothing has yet been provedagainst them, or they would not be here.
in these times we have strangecustomers, and hardly know who we take in.
you have a good sword there,sir, i have no doubt; but i trust that you have other arms."
"i have," replied edward, opening his doublet and showing his pistols.
"that's right, sir.
will you take anything before you go to bed?"
"indeed i will, for i am hungry; anything will do, with a pint of wine."
as soon as he had supped edward asked the hostess for his saddle-bags,and went up to his bed.
early the next morning he rose and went to the stable to see his horsefed.
the three men were in the stables, but they did not say anythingto him.
edward returned to the inn, called for breakfast, and, as soonas he had finished, took out his pistols to renew the priming.
while sooccupied he happened to look up, and perceived one of the men with hisface against the window, watching him.
"well, now you see what you haveto expect, if you try your trade with me," thought edward, "i am veryglad that you have been spying."
having replaced his pistols, edwardpaid his reckoning, and went to the stable desiring the ostler to saddlehis horse and fix on his saddle-bags.
as soon as this was done hemounted and rode off.
before he was well clear of the town thehighwaymen cantered past him on three well-bred active horses.
"ipresume we shall meet again," thought edward, who for some time canteredat a gentle rate, and then, as his horse was very fresh, he put him to afaster pace, intending to do a long day's work.
he had ridden aboutfifteen miles, when he came to a heath, and, as he continued at a fasttrot, he perceived the three highwaymen about a quarter of a mile inadvance of him; they were descending a hill which was between them, andhe soon lost sight of them again.
edward now pulled up his horse to lethim recover his wind, and walked him gently up the hill.
he had nearlygained the summit when he heard the report of firearms, and soonafterwards a man on horse back, in full speed, galloped over the hilltowards him.
he had a pistol in his hand, and his head turned back.
the reason for this was soon evident, as immediately after him appearedthe three highwaymen in pursuit.
one fired his pistol at the man whofled, and missed him.
the man then fired in return, and with true aim,as one of the highwaymen fell.
all this was so sudden that edward hadhardly time to draw his pistol and put spurs to his horse before theparties were upon him, and were passing him.
edward levelled at thesecond highwayman as he passed him, and the man fell.
the thirdhighwayman, perceiving this, turned his horse to the side of the road,cleared a ditch, and galloped away across the heath.
the man who hadbeen attacked had pulled up his horse when edward came to hisassistance, and now rode up to him, saying--"i have to thank you, sir,for your timely aid; for these rascals were too many for me."
"you are not hurt, i trust, sir?"
"no, not the least; the fellow singed my curls though, as you mayperceive.
they attacked me but half a mile from here.
i was proceedingnorth when i heard the clatter of hoofs behind me; i looked round, andsaw at once what they were, and i sprung my horse out of the road to athicket close to it, that they might not surround me.
one of the threerode forward to stop my passage, and the other two rode round to theback of the thicket to get behind me.
i then saw that i had separatedthem, and could gain a start upon them by riding back again, which i didas fast as i could, and they immediately gave chase.
the result yousaw.
between us we have broken up the gang; for both these fellows seemdead, or nearly so."
"what shall we do with them?"
"leave them where they are," replied the stranger.
"i am in a hurry toget on.
i have important business at the city of york, and cannot wastemy time in depositions, and such nonsense.
it is only two scoundrelsless in the world, and there's an end of the matter."
as edward was equally anxious to proceed, he agreed with the strangerthat it was best to do as he proposed.
"i am also going north," replied edward, "and am anxious to get there assoon as i can."
"with your permission we will ride together," said the stranger.
"ishall be the gainer, as i shall feel that i have one with me who is tobe trusted to in case of any further attacks during our journey."
there was such a gentlemanlike, frank, and courteous air about thestranger, that edward immediately assented to his proposal of theirriding in company for mutual protection.
he was a powerful, well-mademan, of apparently about one or two and twenty, remarkably handsome inperson, dressed richly, but not gaudily, in the cavalier fashion, andwore a hat with a feather.
as they proceeded, they entered intoconversation on indifferent matters for some time, neither partyattempting by any question to discover who his companion might be.
edward had more than once, when the conversation flagged for a minute,considered what reply he should give in case his companion should askhim the cause of his journey, and at last had made up his mind what tosay.
a little before noon they pulled up to bait their horses at a smallvillage,--the stranger observing that he avoided saint alban's, and allother large towns, as he did not wish to satisfy the curiosity ofpeople, or to have his motions watched; and therefore, if edward had noobjection, he knew the country so well that he could save time byallowing him to direct their path.
edward was, as may be supposed, veryagreeable to this, and during their whole journey they never entered atown, except they rode through it after dark; and put up at humble innson the roadside, where, if not quite so well attended to, at all eventsthey were free from observation.
it was, however, impossible that this reserve could continue long, asthey became more and more intimate every day.
at last the strangersaid--"master armitage, we have travelled together for some time,interchanging thoughts and feelings, but with due reserve as respectsourselves and our own plans.
is this to continue?
if so, of course youhave but to say so; but if you feel inclined to trust me, i have thesame feeling towards you.
by your dress i should imagine that youbelonged to a party to which i am opposed; but your language and mannersdo not agree with your attire; and i think a hat and feathers wouldgrace that head better than the steeple-crowned affair which now coversit.
it may be that the dress is only assumed as a disguise: you knowbest.
however, as i say, i feel confidence in you, to whatever partyyou may belong, and i give you credit for your prudence and reserve inthese troubled times.
i am a little older than you, and may advise you;and i am indebted to you, and cannot therefore betray you--at least itrust you believe so."
"i do believe it," replied edward; "and i will so far answer you, masterchaloner, that this attire of mine is not the one which i would wear ifi had my choice."
"i believe that," replied chaloner; "and i cannot help thinking you arebound north on the same business as myself, which is, i confess to youhonestly, to strike a blow for the king.
if you are on the same errand,i have two old relations in lancashire who are stanch to the cause; andi am going to their house to remain until i can join the army.
if youwish it, you shall come with me, and i will promise you kind treatmentand safety while under their roof."
"and the names of these relatives of yours, master chaloner?"
"nay, you shall have them; for when i trust, i trust wholly.
their nameis conynghame."
edward took his letters from out of his side-pocket, and handed one ofthem to his fellow-traveller.
the address was, "to the worthy mistressconynghame, of portlake, near bolton, county of lancaster."
"it is to that address that i am going myself," said edward, smiling.
"whether it is the party you refer to you best know."
chaloner burst out with a loud laugh.
"this is excellent!
two people meet, both bound on the same business,both going to the same rendezvous, and for three days do not venture totrust each other."
"the times require caution," replied edward, as he replaced his letter.
"you are right," answered chaloner, "and you are of my opinion.
i knownow that you have both prudence and courage.
the first quality has beenscarcer with us cavaliers than the last; however, now all reserve isover, at least on my part."
"and on mine also," replied edward.
chaloner then talked about the chances of the war.
he stated that kingcharles's army was in a good state of discipline, and well found ineverything; that there were hundreds in england who would join it, assoon as it had advanced far enough into england; and that everythingwore a promising appearance.
"my father fell at the battle of naseby, at the head of his retainers,"said chaloner, after a pause; "and they have contrived to fine theproperty, so that it has dwindled from thousands down to hundreds.
indeed, were it not for my good old aunts, who will leave me theirestates, and who now supply me liberally, i should be but a poorgentleman."
"your father fell at naseby?"
"were you there?"
"i was," replied chaloner.
"my father also fell at naseby," said edward.
"your father did?"
replied chaloner, "i do not recollect the name--armitage--he was not in command there, was he?"
"yes, he was," replied edward.
"there was none of that name among the officers that i can recollect,young sir," replied chaloner, with an air of distrust.
"surely you havebeen misinformed."
"i have spoken the truth," replied edward; "and have now said so muchthat i must, to remove your suspicion, say more than perhaps i shouldhave done.
my name is not armitage, although i have been so called forsome time.
you have set me the example of confidence, and i will followit.
my father was colonel beverley, of prince rupert's troop."
chaloner started with astonishment.
"i'm sure that what you say is true," at last said he; "for i wasthinking who it was that you reminded me of.
you are the very pictureof your father.
although a boy at the time, i knew him well, masterbeverley; a more gallant cavalier never drew sword.
come, we must besworn friends in life and death, beverley," continued chaloner,extending his hand, which was eagerly grasped by edward, who thenconfided to chaloner the history of his life.
when he had concluded,chaloner said--"we all heard of the firing of arnwood, and it is at thismoment believed that all the children perished.
it is one of the talesof woe that our nurses repeat to the children, and many a child has weptat your supposed deaths.
but tell me, now, had you not fallen in withme, was it your intention to have joined the army under your assumedname of armitage?"
"i hardly know what i intended to do.
i wanted a friend to advise me."
"and you have found one, beverley.
i owe my life to you, and i willrepay the debt as far as is in my power.
you must not conceal your nameto your sovereign; the very name of beverley is a passport; but the sonof colonel beverley will be indeed welcomed.
why, the very name will beconsidered as a harbinger of good fortune.
your father was the best andtruest soldier that ever drew sword; and his memory stands unrivalledfor loyalty and devotion.
we are near to the end of our journey; yonderis the steeple of bolton church.
the old ladies will be out of theirwits when they find that they have a beverley under their roof."
edward was much delighted at this tribute paid to his father's memory,and the tears more than once started into his eyes as chaloner renewedhis praise.
late in the evening they arrived at portlake, a grand old mansion,situated in a park crowded with fine old timber.
chaloner wasrecognised as they rode up the avenue by one of the keepers, whohastened forward to announce his arrival; and the domestics had openedthe door for them before they arrived at it.
in the hall they were metby the old ladies, who expressed their delight at seeing their nephew,as they had had great fear that something had happened to him.
"and something did very nearly happen to me," replied chaloner, "had itnot been for the timely assistance of my friend here, who,notwithstanding his puritan attire, i hardly need tell you is a cavalierdevoted to the good cause, when i state that he is the son of colonelbeverley, who fell at naseby with my good father."
"no one can be more welcome, then," replied the old ladies, who extendedtheir hands to edward.
they then went into a sitting-room, and supperwas ordered to be sent up immediately.
"our horses will be well attended to, edward," said chaloner; "we neednot any longer look after them ourselves.
and now, good aunts, have youno letters for me?"
"yes, there are several; but you had better eat first."
"not so; let me have the letters; we can read them before supper, andtalk them over when at table."
one of the ladies produced the letters, which chaloner, as he read them,handed over to edward for his perusal.
they were from generalmiddleton, and some other friends of chaloner's who were with the army,giving him information as to what was going on, and what their prospectswere supposed to be.
"you see that they have marched already," said chaloner, "and i thinkthe plan is a good one, and it has put general cromwell in an awkwardposition.
our army is now between his and london, with three days marchin advance.
and we shall now be able to pick up our english adherents,who can join us without risk, as we go along.
it has been a bold step,but a good one; and if they only continue as well as they have begun weshall succeed.
the parliamentary army is not equal to ours in numbers,as it is; and we shall add to ours daily.
the king has sent to the isleof man for the earl of derby, who is expected to join to-morrow."
"and where is the army at this moment?"
"they will be but a few miles from us to-night, their march is so rapid;to-morrow we will join if it pleases."
"most willingly," replied edward.
after an hour's more conversation, they were shown into their rooms, andretired for the night.
the next morning, before they had quitted their beds, a messengerarrived with letters from general middleton, and from him they foundthat the king's army had encamped on the evening before not six milesfrom portlake.
as they hastily dressed themselves, chaloner proposed toedward that a little alteration in his dress would be necessary; andtaking him to a wardrobe in which had been put aside some suits of hisown, worn when he was a younger and slighter-made man than he now was,he requested edward to make use of them.
edward, who was aware thatchaloner was right in his proposal, selected two suits of colours whichpleased him most; and dressing in one, and changing his hat for one morebefitting his new attire, was transformed into a handsome cavalier.
assoon as they had broken their fast they took leave of the old ladies,and, mounting their horses, set off for the camp.
an hour's ridebrought them to the outposts; and communicating with the officer onduty, they were conducted by an orderly to the tent of generalmiddleton, who received chaloner with great warmth as an old friend, andwas very courteous to edward as soon as he heard that he was the son ofcolonel beverley.
"i have wanted you, chaloner," said middleton; "we are raising a troopof horse; the duke of buckingham commands it, but massey will be thereal leader of it; you have influence in this county, and will, i haveno doubt, bring us many good hands."
"where is the earl of derby?"
"joined us this morning; we have marched so quick that we have not hadtime to pick our adherents up."
"and general lesley?"
"is by no means in good spirits: why i know not.
we have too manyministers with his army, that is certain, and they do harm; but wecannot help ourselves.
his majesty must be visible by this time; if youare ready i will introduce you; and when that is done we will talkmatters over."
general middleton then walked with them to the house in which the kinghad taken up his quarters for the night; and after a few minutes'waiting in the anteroom they were admitted into his presence.
"allow me, your majesty," said general middleton, after the firstsalutations, "to present to you major chaloner, whose father's name isnot unknown to you."
"on the contrary, well-known to us," replied the king, "as a loyal andfaithful subject, whose loss we must deplore.
i have no doubt that hisson inherits his courage and his fidelity."
the king held out his hand, and chaloner bent his knee and kissed it.
"and now, your majesty will be surprised that i should present to youone of a house supposed to be extinct--the eldest son of colonelbeverley."
replied his majesty; "i heard that all his family perished atthe ruthless burning of arnwood.
i hold myself fortunate, as a king,that even one son of so loyal and brave a gentleman as colonel beverleyhas escaped.
you are welcome, young sir--most welcome to us; you mustbe near us; the very name of beverley will be pleasing to our ears bynight or day."
edward knelt down and kissed his majesty's hand, and the king said--"what can we do for a beverley?
let us know, that we may show ourfeelings towards his father's memory?"
"all i request is, that your majesty will allow me to be near you in thehour of danger," replied edward.
"a right beverley reply," said the king, "and so we shall see to it,middleton."
after a few more courteous words from his majesty they withdrew; butgeneral middleton was recalled by the king for a minute or two toreceive his commands.
when he rejoined edward and chaloner, he said toedward--"i have orders to send in for his majesty's signature your commission ascaptain of horse, and attached to the king's personal staff; it is ahigh compliment to the memory of your father, sir, and, i may add, yourown personal appearance.
chaloner will see to your uniforms andaccoutrements; you are well mounted, i believe you have no time to lose,as we march to-morrow for warrington, in cheshire."
"has anything been heard of the parliamentary army?"
"yes; they are on the march towards london by the yorkshire road,intending to cut us off if they can.
and now, gentlemen, farewell; fori have no idle time, i assure you."
edward was soon equipped, and now attended upon the king.
when theyarrived at warrington they found a body of horse drawn up to opposetheir passage onwards.
these were charged, and fled with a triflingloss; and as they were known to be commanded by lambert, one ofcromwell's best generals, there was great exultation in the king's army;but the fact was that lambert had acted upon cromwell's orders, whichwere, to harass and delay the march of the king as much as possible, butnot to risk with his small force anything like an engagement.
afterthis skirmish it was considered advisable to send back the earl of derbyand many other officers of importance into lancashire, that they mightcollect the king's adherents in that quarter and in cheshire.
accordingly the earl, with about two hundred officers and gentlemen,left the army with that intention.
it was then considered that it wouldbe advisable to march the army direct to london; but the men were sofatigued with the rapidity of the march up to the present time, and theweather was so warm, that it was decided in the negative; and asworcester was a town well affected to the king, and the country aboundedwith provisions, it was resolved that the army should march there, andwait for english reinforcements.
this was done; the city opened thegates with every mark of satisfaction, and supplied the army with allthat it required.
the first bad news which reached them was thedispersion and defeat of the whole of the earl of derby's party by aregiment of militia, which had surprised them at wigan during the night,when they were all asleep, and had no idea that any enemy was near tothem.
although attacked at such a disadvantage, they defendedthemselves till a large portion of them were killed, and the remainderwere taken prisoners, and most of them brutally put to death.
the earlof derby was made a prisoner, but not put to death with the others.
"this is bad news, chaloner," said edward.
"yes; it is more than bad," replied the latter; "we have lost our bestofficers, who never should have left the army; and now, the consequencesof the defeat will be that we shall not have any people coming forwardto join us.
the winning side is the right side in this world; and thereis more evil than that: the duke of buckingham has claimed the commandof the army, which the king has refused; so that we are beginning tofight among ourselves.
general lesley is evidently dispirited, andthinks bad of the cause.
middleton is the only man who does his duty.
depend upon it we shall have cromwell upon us before we are aware of it;and we are in a state of sad confusion--officers quarrelling, mendisobedient, much talking, and little doing.
here we have been fivedays, and the works, which have been proposed to be thrown up asdefences, not yet begun."
"i cannot but admire the patience of the king, with so much to harassand annoy him."
"he must be patient, perforce," replied chaloner; "he plays for a crown,and it is a high stake; but he cannot command the minds of men, althoughhe may the persons.
i am no croaker, beverley; but this i do say, thatif we succeed with this army, as it is at present disorganised, we shallperform a miracle."
"we must hope for the best," replied edward; "common danger may cementthose who would otherwise be asunder; and when they have the army ofcromwell before them, they may be induced to forget their privatequarrels and jealousies and unite in the good cause."
"i wish i could be of your opinion, beverley," replied chaloner; "but ihave mixed with the world longer than you have, and i think otherwise."
several more days passed, during which no defences were thrown up, andthe confusion and quarrelling in the army continued to increase, untilat last news arrived that cromwell was within half a day's march ofthem, and that he had collected all the militia on his route, and wasnow in numbers nearly double to those in the king's army.
all wasamazement and confusion--nothing had been done--no arrangements had beenmade--and chaloner told edward that all was lost if immediate steps werenot taken.
on the 3rd of october the army of cromwell appeared in sight.
edwardhad been on horseback, attending the king, for the best part of thenight; the disposition of the troops had been made as well as it could;and it was concluded, as cromwell's army remained quiet, that no attemptwould be made on that day.
about noon the king returned to his lodging,to take some refreshment after his fatigue.
edward was with him; butbefore an hour had passed the alarm came that the armies were engaged.
the king mounted his horse, which was ready saddled at the door; butbefore he could ride out of the city he was met and nearly beaten backby the whole body almost of his own cavalry, who came running on withsuch force that he could not stop them.
his majesty called to severalof the officers by name, but they paid no attention; and so great wasthe panic, that both the king, and his staff who attended him, werenearly overthrown and trampled under foot.
cromwell had passed a large portion of his troops over the river withoutthe knowledge of his opponents, and when the attack was made in sounexpected a quarter a panic ensued.
where general middleton and theduke of hamilton commanded, a very brave resistance was made; butmiddleton being wounded, and the duke of hamilton having had his legtaken off by a round shot, and many gentlemen having fallen, the troops,deserted by the remainder of the army, at last gave way, and the routwas general, the foot throwing away their muskets before they weredischarged.
his majesty rode back into the town and found a body of horse, who hadbeen persuaded by chaloner to make a stand.
"follow me," said hismajesty, "we will see what the enemy are about.
i do not think theypursue, and if so, we may yet rally from this foolish panic."
his majesty, followed by edward, chaloner, and several of his personalstaff, then galloped out to reconnoitre; but to his mortification hefound that the troops had not followed him, but gone out of the town bythe other gate, and that the enemy's cavalry in pursuit were actually inthe town.
under such circumstances, by the advice of chaloner andedward, his majesty withdrew, and turning his horse's head he made allhaste to leave worcester.
after several hours' riding, the king foundhimself in company of about 4000 of the cavalry who had so disgracefullyfled; but they were still so panic-struck that he could put noconfidence in them, and having advised with those about him he resolvedto quit them.
this he did without mentioning his intentions to any ofhis staff, not even chaloner or edward, leaving at night with two of hisservants, whom he dismissed as soon as it was daylight, considering thathis chance of escape would be greater if he was quite alone.
it was not till next morning that the troops discovered that the kinghad left them, and then they determined to separate, and as the majorportion were from scotland to make what haste they could back to thatcountry.
and now chaloner and edward consulted as to their plans.
"it appears to me," said edward, laughing, "that the danger of thiscampaign of ours will consist in getting back again to our own homes;for i can most safely assert that i have not as yet struck a blow forthe king."
"that is true enough, beverley.
when do you purpose going back to thenew forest?
i think, if you will permit me, i will accompany you," saidchaloner.
"all the pursuit will be to the northward to intercept andovertake the retreat into scotland.
i cannot therefore go tolancashire; and indeed, as they know that i am out, they will be lookingfor me everywhere."
"then come with me," said edward; "i will find you protection till youcan decide what to do.
let us ride on away from this, and we will talkover the matter as we go; but depend upon it, the farther south we getthe safer we shall be; but still not safe, unless we can change ourcostume.
there will be a strict search for the king to the south, asthey will presume that he will try to get safe to france.
i heard the report of arms.
let us ride up this hill and seewhat is going on."
they did so, and perceived that there was a skirmish between a party ofcavaliers and some of the parliamentary cavalry at about a quarter of amile distant.
"come, chaloner, let us at all events have one blow," said edward.
"agreed," replied chaloner, spurring his horse; and down they went atfull speed, and in a minute were in the _melee_, coming on the rear ofthe parliamentary troops.
this sudden attack from behind decided the affair.
the parliamentarytroopers, thinking that there were wore than two coming upon them, madeoff after another minute's combat, leaving five or six of their men onthe ground.
"thanks, chaloner thanks, beverley!"
said a voice, which theyimmediately recognised.
it was that of one of the king's pages.
"thesefellows with me were just about to run if you had not come to our aid.
i will remain with them no longer, but join you if you will permit me."
"at all events remain here till they go away--i will send them off."
"my lads, you must all separate, or there will be no chance of escape.
no more than two should ride together.
depend upon it we shall havemore of the troops here directly."
the men, about fifteen in number, who had been in company withgrenville, considered that chaloner's advice was good, and withoutceremony set off with their horses' heads to the northward, leavingchaloner, edward, and grenville together on the field of the affray.
adozen men were lying on the ground, either dead or severely wounded;seven of them were of the king's party, and the other five of theparliamentary troops.
"now what i propose," said edward, "is this,--let us do what we can forthose who are wounded, and then strip off the dresses and accoutrementsof those parliamentary dragoons who are dead, and dress ourselves inthem, accoutrements and all.
we can then pass through the country insafety, as we shall be supposed to be one of the parties looking for theking."
"that is a good idea," replied chaloner, "and the sooner it is done thebetter."
"well," said edward, wiping his sword, which he still held drawn, andthen sheathing it, "i will take the spoils of this fellow nearest to me:he fell by my hand, and i am entitled to them by all the laws of war andchivalry; but first let us dismount and look to the wounded."
they tied their horses to a tree, and having given what assistance theycould to the wounded men, they proceeded to strip three of theparliamentary troopers; and then, laying aside their own habiliments,they dressed themselves in the uniform of the enemy, and mounting theirhorses made all haste from the place.
having gained about twelve miles,they pulled up and rode at a more leisurely pace.
it was now eighto'clock in the evening, but still not very dark; they therefore rode onanother five miles, till they came to a small village, where theydismounted at an ale-house, and put their horses into the stable.
"we must be insolent and brutal in our manners, or we shall besuspected."
"very true," said grenville, giving the ostler a kick and telling him tobestir himself if he did not want his ears cropped.
they entered the ale-house, and soon found out they were held in greatterror.
they ordered everything of the best to be produced, andthreatened to set fire to the house if it was not; they turned the manand his wife out of their bed, and all three went to sleep in it; and,in short, they behaved in such an arbitrary manner that nobody doubtedthat they were cromwell's men.
in the morning they set off again, bychaloner's advice paying for nothing that they had ordered, althoughthey had all of them plenty of money.
they now rode fast, inquiring atthe places which they passed through whether any fugitives had beenseen, and if they came to a town, inquiring, before they entered,whether there were any parliamentary troops.
so well did they manage,that after four days they had gained the skirts of the new forest, andconcealed themselves in a thicket till night-time, when edward proposedthat he should conduct his fellow-travellers to the cottage, where hewould leave them till his plans were arranged.
edward had already arranged his plans.
his great object was to ward offany suspicion of where he had been, and of course any idea that theintendant had been a party to his acts; and the fortunate change of hisdress enabled him now to do so with success.
he had decided to conducthis two friends to the cottage that night, and the next morning to rideover in his parliamentary costume to the intendant's house, and bringthe first news of the success of cromwell and the defeat at worcester;by which stratagem it would appear as if he had been with theparliamentary, and not with the royalist army.
as they had travelled along, they found that the news of cromwell'ssuccess had not yet arrived: in those times there was not the rapidityof communication that we now have, and edward thought it very probablethat he would be the first to communicate the intelligence to theintendant and those who resided near him.
as soon as it was dusk the three travellers left their retreat, and,guided by edward, soon arrived at the cottage.
their appearance atfirst created no little consternation, for humphrey and pablo happenedto be in the yard when they heard the clattering of the swords andaccoutrements, and through the gloom observed, as they advanced, thatthe party were troopers.
at first humphrey was for running on andbarring the door, but, on a second reflection, he felt that he could notdo a more imprudent thing, if there was danger; and he thereforecontented himself with hastily imparting the intelligence to hissisters, and then remaining at the threshold to meet the coming of theparties.
the voice of edward calling him by name dissipated all alarm,and in another minute he was in the arms of his brother and sisters.
"first let us take our horses to the stable, humphrey," said edward,after the first greeting was over, "and then we will come and partake ofanything that alice can prepare for us, for we have not fared over wellfor the last three days."
accompanied by humphrey and pablo, they all went to the stables, andturned out the ponies to make room for the horses; and as soon as theywere all fed and littered down they returned to the cottage, andchaloner and grenville were introduced.
supper was soon on the table,and they were too hungry to talk while they were eating, so but littleinformation was gleaned from them that night.
however, previous toalice and edith leaving the room to prepare beds for the newcomers,humphrey ascertained that all was lost, and that they had escaped fromthe field.
when the beds were ready, chaloner and grenville retired,and then edward remained half an hour with humphrey, to communicate tohim what had passed.
of course he could not enter into detail; but toldhim that he would get information from their new guests after he hadleft, which he must do early in the morning.
"and now, humphrey, my advice is this: my two friends cannot remain inthis cottage, for many reasons; but we have the key of clara's cottage,and they can take up their lodging there, and we can supply them withall they want until they find means of going abroad, which is theirintention.
i must be off to the intendant's to-morrow, and the dayafter i will come over to you.
in the meantime our guests can remainhere, while you and pablo prepare the cottage for them; and when ireturn everything shall be settled, and we will conduct them to it.
ido not think there is much danger of their being discovered while theyremain there, certainly not so much as if they were here; for we mustexpect parties of troops in every direction now, as they were when theking's father made his escape from hampton court.
and now to bed, mygood brother; and call me early, for i much fear that i shall not wakeup, if you do not."
the brothers then parted for the night.
the next morning, long before their guests were awake, edward had beencalled by humphrey, and found pablo at the door with his horse.
edward,who had put on his parliamentary accoutrements, bade a hasty farewell tothem, and set off across the forest to the house of the intendant, wherehe arrived before they had left their bedrooms.
the first person heencountered was, very fortunately, oswald, who was at his cottage-door.
edward beckoned to him, being then about one hundred yards off; butoswald did not recognise him at first, and advanced towards him in avery leisurely manner, to ascertain what the trooper might wish toinquire.
but edward called him oswald, and that was sufficient.
in fewwords edward told him how all was lost, and how he had escaped bychanging clothes with one of the enemy.
"i am now come to bring the news to the intendant, oswald.
youunderstand me, of course?"
"of course i do, master edward, and will take care that it is well-knownthat you have been fighting by the side of cromwell all this time.
ishould recommend you to show yourself in this dress for the remainder ofthe day, and then every one will be satisfied.
shall i go to theintendant's before you?"
"no, no, oswald; the intendant does not require me to be introduced tohim, of course.
i must now gallop up to his house and announce myself.
farewell for the present--i shall see you during the day."
edward put spurs to his horse, and arrived at the intendant's at fullspeed, making no small clattering in the yard below as he went in, muchto the surprise of sampson, who came out to ascertain what was thecause, and who was not a little surprised at perceiving edward, whothrew himself off the horse, and desiring sampson to take it to thestable, entered the kitchen, and disturbed phoebe, who was preparingbreakfast.
without speaking to her, edward passed on to the intendant'sroom, and knocked.
"_who_ is there?"
said the intendant.
"edward armitage," was the reply, and the door was opened.
theintendant started back at the sight of edward in the trooper's costume.
"my dear edward, i am glad to see you in any dress; but this requiresexplanation.
sit down and tell me all."
"all is soon told, sir," replied edward, taking off his iron skull-cap,and allowing his hair to fall down on his shoulders.
he then, in few words, stated what had happened, and by what means hehad escaped, and the reason why he had kept on the trooper'saccoutrements and made his appearance in them.
"you have done very prudently," replied the intendant, "and you haveprobably saved me; at all events you have warded off all suspicion, andthose who are spies upon me will now have nothing to report except to myfavour.
your absence has been commented upon, and made known at highquarters, and suspicion has arisen in consequence.
your return as oneof the parliamentary forces will now put an end to all ill-naturedremarks.
my dear edward, you have done me a service.
as my secretary,and having been known to have been a follower of the beverleys, yourabsence was considered strange, and it was intimated at high quartersthat you had gone to join the king's forces, and that with my knowledgeand consent.
this i have from langton; and it has in consequenceinjured me not a little: but now your appearance will make all rightagain.
now we will first to prayers, and then to breakfast; and afterthat we will have a more detailed account of what has taken place sinceyour departure.
patience and clara will not be sorry to recover theircompanion; but how they will like you in that dress i cannot pretend tosay.
however, i thank god that you have returned safe to us; and ishall be most happy to see you once more attend in the more peacefulgarb of a secretary."
"i will, with your permission, sir, not quit this costume for one day,as it may be as well that i should be seen in it."
"you are right, edward: for this day retain it; to-morrow you willresume your usual costume.
go down to the parlour; you will findpatience and clara anxiously waiting for you, i have no doubt.
i willjoin you there in ten minutes."
edward left the room, and went downstairs.
it hardly need be said howjoyfully he was received by patience and clara.
the former, however,expressed her joy in tears--the latter in wild mirth.
we will pass over the explanations and the narrative of what hadoccurred, which was given by edward to mr heatherstone in his own room.
the intendant said, as he concluded--"edward, you must now perceive that, for the present, nothing more canbe done; if it pleases the lord, the time will come when the monarchwill be reseated on his throne; at present, we must bow to the powersthat be; and i tell you frankly it is my opinion that cromwell aims atsovereignty, and will obtain it.
perhaps it may be better that weshould suffer the infliction for a time, as for a time only can it beupheld, and it may be the cause of the king being more schooled and morefitted to reign than, by what you have told me in the course of yournarrative, he at present appears to be."
"perhaps so, sir," replied edward.
"i must say that the short campaigni have gone through has very much opened my eyes.
i have seen butlittle true chivalric feeling, and much of interested motives, in thosewho have joined the king's forces.
the army collected was composed ofmost discordant elements, and were so discontented, so full of jealousyand ill-will, that i am not surprised at the result.
one thing iscertain, that there must be a much better feeling existing between allparties, before such a man as cromwell can ever be moved from hisposition; and, for the present, the cause may be considered as lost."
"you are right, edward," replied the intendant; "i would they werebetter; but, as they are, let us make the best of them.
you have nowseen enough to have subdued that fiery zeal for the cause whichpreviously occupied your whole thoughts; now let us be prudent, and tryif we cannot be happy."
it was only to oswald that edward made known what had occurred; he knewthat he was to be trusted.
the next day edward resumed his forester'sdress, while another one was preparing for him, and went over to thecottage; where, with the consent of the intendant, he proposed remainingfor a few days.
of course edward had not failed to acquaint theintendant with his proposed plans relative to chaloner and grenville,and received his consent; at the same time advising that they shouldgain the other side of the channel as soon as they possibly could.
edward found them all very anxious for his arrival.
humphrey and pablohad been to the cottage, which they had found undisturbed since thecapture of the robbers, and made everything ready for the reception ofthe two cavaliers, as on their first journey they took with them acart-load of what they knew would be necessary.
chaloner and grenvilleappeared to be quite at home already, and not very willing to shifttheir quarters.
they, of course, still retained their troopers'clothes, as they had no other to wear until they could be procured fromlymington; but, as we have before mentioned, they were in no want ofmoney.
they, had been amusing the girls and humphrey with a descriptionof what had occurred during the campaign, and edward found that he hadbut little to tell them, as chaloner had commenced his narrative with anaccount of his first meeting with edward when he had been attacked bythe highwaymen.
as soon as he could get away, edward went out withhumphrey to have some conversation with him.
"now, humphrey, as you have pretty well heard all my adventures sinceour separation, let me hear what you have been doing."
"i have no such tales of stirring interest to narrate as chaloner hasbeen doing as your deputy, edward," replied humphrey.
"all i can sayis, that we have had no visitors--that we have longed for your return--and that we have not been idle since you quitted us."
"what horses were those in the stable," said edward, "that you turnedout to make room for ours when we arrived?"
humphrey laughed, and then informed edward of the manner in which theyhad succeeded in capturing them.
"well, you really deserve credit, humphrey, and certainly were not bornto be secluded in this forest."
"i rather think that i have found that i was born for it," repliedhumphrey, "although, i must confess, that since you have quitted us ihave not felt so contented here as i did before.
you have returned, andyou have no idea what an alteration i see in you since you have mixedwith the world, and have been a party in such stirring scenes."
"perhaps so, humphrey," replied edward; "and yet do you know that,although i so ardently wished to mix with the world, and to follow thewars, i am anything but satisfied with what i have seen of it; and sofar from feeling any inclination to return to it i rather feel moreinclined to remain here, and remain in quiet and in peace.
i have beendisappointed, that is the truth.
there is a great difference betweenthe world such as we fancy it when we are pining for it, and the worldwhen we actually are placed within the vortex, and perceive the secretsprings of men's actions.
i have gained a lesson, but not asatisfactory one, humphrey; it may be told in a very few words.
it is amost deceitful and hollow world!
and that is all there is to be said."
"what very agreeable, pleasant young men are masters chaloner andgrenville," observed humphrey.
"chaloner i know well," replied edward; "he is to be trusted, and he isthe only one in whom i have been able to place confidence, and thereforei was most fortunate in falling in with him as i did on my firststarting.
grenville i know little about; we met often, it is true, butit was in the presence of the king, being both of us on his staff; atthe same time, i must acknowledge that i know nothing against him; andthis i do know, which is, that he is brave."
edward then narrated what had passed between the intendant and himselfsince his return; and how well satisfied the intendant had been with his_ruse_ in returning to him in the dress of a trooper.
"talking about that, edward, do you not think it likely that we shallhave the troopers down here in search of the king?"
"i wonder you have not had them already," replied edward.
"and what shall we do if they arrive?"
"that is all prepared for," replied edward; "although, till youmentioned it, i had quite forgotten it.
the intendant was talking withme on the subject last night, and here is an appointment for you asverderer, signed by him, which you are to use as you may find necessary;and here is another missive, ordering you to receive into your house twoof the troopers who may be sent down here, and find them quarters andvictuals, but not to be compelled to receive more.
until the search isover, chaloner and grenville must retain their accoutrements and remainwith us: and, humphrey, if you have not made any use of the clotheswhich i left here--i mean the first dress i had made when i wasappointed secretary, and which i thought rather too faded to wear anylonger--i will put it on now, as, should any military come here asscouters to the intendant, i shall have some authority over them."
"it is in your chest, where you left it, edward.
the girls did proposeto make two josephs out of it for winter wear; but they never havethought of it since, or have not had time.
by the bye, you have nottold me what you think of alice and edith after your long absence."
"i think they are both very much grown and very much improved," repliededward, "but i must confess to you that i think it is high time thatthey were, if possible, removed from their present homely occupations,and instructed as young ladies should be."
"but how, edward, is that to be?"
"that i cannot yet tell, and it grieves me that i cannot; but still isee the necessity of it, if ever we are to return to our position insociety."
"and are we ever to return?"
"i don't know.
i thought little of it before i went away and mixed insociety; but since i have been in the world i have been compelled tofeel that my dear sisters are not in their sphere, and i have resolvedupon trying if i cannot find a more suitable position for them.
had webeen successful i should have had no difficulty: but now i hardly knowwhat to do."
"i have not inquired about mrs patience, brother; how is she?"
"she is as good and as handsome as ever, and very much grown; indeed,she is becoming quite womanly."
"oh, i do not perceive any difference in her: i think she is grown, buti hardly observed her.
here comes chaloner; we will tell him of ourarrangements in case we are disturbed by the military parties."
"it is a most excellent arrangement," said chaloner, when edward hadmade the communication; "and it was a lucky day when i first fell inwith you, beverley."
"not beverley, i pray you; that name is to be forgotten; it was onlyrevived for the occasion."
"very true; then, master secretary armitage, i think the arrangementexcellent: the only point will be to find out what troops are sent downin this direction, as we must of course belong to some other regiment,and have been pursued from the field of battle.
i should think thatlambert's squadrons will not be this way."
"we will soon ascertain that; let your horses be saddled and accoutred,so that should any of them make their appearance the horses may be atthe door.
it is my opinion that they will be here some time to-day."
"i fear that it will be almost impossible for the king to escape,"observed chaloner.
"i hardly know what to think of his leaving us in that way."
"i have reflected upon it," replied edward, "and i think it was perhapsprudent: some were to be trusted, and some not; it was impossible toknow who were and who were not--he therefore trusted nobody.
besides,his chance of escape, if quite alone, is greater than if in company."
"and yet i feel a little mortified that he did not trust me," continuededward; "my life was at his service."
"he could no more read your heart than he could mine or others,"observed chaloner; "and any selection would have been invidious: on thewhole, i think he acted wisely, and i trust that it will prove so.
onething is certain, which is, that all is over now, and that for a longwhile--we may let our swords rest in their scabbards.
indeed, i amsickened with it, after what i have seen, and would gladly live herewith you, and help to till the land--away from the world and all itsvexations.
what say you, edward; will you and your brother take me as alabourer after all is quiet again?"
"you would soon tire of it, chaloner; you were made for active exertionand bustling in the world."
"nevertheless, i think, under two such amiable and pretty mistresses, icould stay well contented here: it is almost arcadian.
but still it isselfish for me to talk in this way; indeed, my feelings are contrary tomy words."
"how do you mean, chaloner?"
"to be candid with you, edward, i was thinking what a pity it is thattwo such sweet girls as your sisters should be employed here in domesticdrudgery, and remain in such an uncultivated state--if i may be pardonedfor speaking so freely--but i do so because i am convinced that, if inproper hands, they would grace a court; and you must feel that i amright."
"do you not think that the same feelings have passed in my mind,chaloner?
indeed, humphrey will tell you that we were speaking on thesame subject but an hour ago.
you must, however, be aware of thedifficulty i am in: were i in possession of arnwood and its domain, thenindeed--but that is all over now, and i presume i shall shortly see myown property, whose woods are now in sight of me, made over to someroundhead, for good services against the cavaliers at worcester."
"edward," replied chaloner, "i have this to say to you, and i can say itbecause you know that i am indebted to you for my life, and that is adebt that nothing can cancel: if at any time you determine upon removingyour sisters from this, recollect my maiden aunts at portlake.
theycannot be in better hands, and they cannot be in the hands of any personwho will more religiously do their duty towards them, and be pleasedwith the trust confided to them.
they are rich, in spite of exactions;but in these times women are not fined and plundered as men are, andthey have been well able to afford all that has been taken from them,and all that they have voluntarily given to the assistance of our party.
they are alone, and i really believe that nothing would make them morehappy than to have the care of the two sisters of edward beverley--besure of that.
but i will be more sure of it, if you will find means ofsending to them a letter, which i shall write to them.
i tell you thatyou will do them a favour, and that if you do not accept the offer, youwill sacrifice your sisters' welfare to your own pride,--which i do notthink you would do."
"most certainly i will not do that," replied edward; "and i am fullysensible of your kind offer; but i can say no more until i hear whatyour good aunts may reply to your letter.
you mistake me much,chaloner, if you think that any sense of obligation would prevent mefrom seeing my sisters removed from a position so unworthy of them, butwhich circumstances have driven them to.
that we are paupers isundeniable; but i never shall forget that my sisters are the daughtersof colonel beverley."
"i am delighted with your reply, edward, and i fear not that of my goodaunts.
it will be a great happiness to me when i am wandering abroad toknow that your sisters are under their roof, and are being educated asthey ought to be."
"what's the matter, pablo?"
said humphrey to the former, who camerunning, out of breath.
"soldiers," said pablo; "plenty of them, gallop this way--gallop everyway."
"now, chaloner, we must get ourselves out of this scrape; and i trustthat afterwards all will be well," said edward.
"bring the horses outto the door; and, chaloner, you and grenville must wait within: bring myhorse out also, as it will appear as if i had just ridden over.
i mustin to change my dress.
humphrey, keep a look-out and let us know whenthey come."
chaloner and edward went in, and edward put on his dress of secretary.
shortly afterwards a party of cavalry were seen galloping towards thecottage.
they soon arrived there, and pulled up their horses.
anofficer who headed them addressed humphrey in a haughty tone, and askedhim who he was.
"i am one of the verderers of the forest, sir," replied humphreyrespectfully.
"and whose cottage is that?
and who have you there?"
"the cottage is mine, sir; two of the horses at the door belong to twotroopers who have come in quest of those who fled from worcester; theother horse belongs to the secretary of the intendant of the forest, mrheatherstone, who has come over with directions from the intendant as tothe capture of the rebels."
at this moment edward came out and saluted the officer.
"this is the secretary, sir, master armitage," said humphrey, fallingback.
edward saluted the officer, and said--"mr heatherstone, the intendant, has sent me over here to makearrangements for the capture of the rebels.
this man is ordered tolodge two troopers as long as they are considered necessary to remain;and i have directions to tell any officer whom i may meet that mrheatherstone and his verderers will take good care that none of therebels are harboured in this direction; and that it will be better thatthe troops scour the southern edge of the forest, as it is certain thatthe fugitives will try all that they can to embark for france."
"what regiment do the troopers belong to that you have here?"
"i believe to lambert's troop, sir; but they shall come out and answerfor themselves.
tell those men to come out," said edward to humphrey.
"yes, sir; but they are hard to wake, for they have ridden fromworcester; but i will rouse them."
"nay, i cannot wait," replied the officer.
"i know none of lambert'stroops, and they have no information to give."
"could you not take them with you, sir, and leave two of your meninstead of them; for they are troublesome people to a poor man, anddevour everything?"
said humphrey submissively.
"no, no," replied the officer, laughing, "we all know lambert's people--a friend or enemy is much the same to them.
i have no power over them,and you must make the best of it.--forward!
men," continued theofficer, saluting edward as he passed on: and in a minute or two theywere far in the distance.
"that's well over," observed edward.
"chaloner and grenville are tooyoung-looking and too good-looking for lambert's villains; and a sightof them might have occasioned suspicion.
we must, however, expect morevisits.
keep a good look-out, pablo."
edward and humphrey then went in and joined the party inside thecottage, who were in a state of no little suspense during the colloquyoutside.
"why, alice, dearest, you look quite pale," said edward, as he came in.
"i feared for our guests, edward.
i'm sure that if they had come intothe cottage, master chaloner and master grenville would never have beenbelieved to be troopers."
"we thank you for the compliment, mistress alice," said chaloner; "but ithink, if necessary, i could ruffle and swear with the best, or ratherthe worst of them.
we passed for troopers very well on the road here."
"yes, but you did not meet any other troopers."
"that's very true, and shows your penetration.
i acknowledge that withtroopers there would have been more difficulty; but still, among so manythousands there must be many varieties, and it would be an awkward thingfor an officer of one troop to arrest upon suspicion the men belongingto another.
i think, when we are visited again, i shall shamintoxication--that will not be very suspicious."
"no, not on either side," replied edward.
"come, alice, we will eatwhat dinner you may have ready for us."
for three or four days the parliamentary forces continued to scour theforest, and another visit or two was paid to the cottage, but withoutsuspicion being created, in consequence of the presence of edward, andhis explanations.
the parties were invariably sent in anotherdirection.
edward wrote to the intendant, informing him what hadoccurred, and requesting permission to remain a few days longer at thecottage; and pablo, who took the letter, returned with one from theintendant, acquainting him that the king had not yet been taken; andrequesting the utmost vigilance on his part to ensure his capture, withdirections to search various places, in company with the troopers whohad been stationed at the cottage; or if he did not like to leave thecottage, to show the letter to any officer commanding parties in search,that they might act upon the suggestions contained in it.
this letteredward had an opportunity of showing to one or two officers commandingparties, who approached the cottage, and to whom edward went out tocommunicate with, thereby preventing their stopping there.
at last, in about a fortnight, there was not a party in the forest, allof them having gone down to the sea-side, to look-out for the fugitives,several of whom were taken.
humphrey took the cart to lymington, to procure clothes for chaloner andgrenville, and it was decided that they should assume those of verderersof the forest, which would enable them to carry a gun.
as soon ashumphrey had obtained what was requisite, chaloner and grenville wereconducted to clara's cottage, and took possession,--of course nevershowing themselves outside the wood which surrounded it.
humphrey lentthem holdfast as a watch dog, and they took leave of alice and edithwith much regret.
humphrey and edward accompanied them to their newabode.
it was arranged that the horses should remain under the care ofhumphrey, as they had no stable at clara's cottage.
on parting, chaloner gave edward the letter for his aunts; and thenedward once more bent his steps towards the intendant's house, and foundhimself in the company of patience and clara.
edward narrated to the intendant all that had occurred, and theintendant approved of what he had done; strongly advising that chalonerand grenville should not attempt to go to the continent till all pursuitwas over.
"here's a letter i have received from the government, edward, highlycommending my vigilance and activity in pursuit of the fugitives.
itappears that the officers you fell in with have written up to state whatadmirable dispositions we had made.
it is a pity, is it not, edward,that we are compelled to be thus deceitful in this world?
nothing butthe times, and the wish to do good, could warrant it.
we meet thewicked, and fight them with their own weapons; but although it istreating them as they deserve, our conscience must tell us that it isnot right."
"surely, sir, to save the lives of people who have committed no otherfault except loyalty to their king, will warrant our so doing--at least,i hope so."
"according to the scriptures, i fear it will not; but it is a difficultquestion for us to decide.
let us be guided by our own consciences; ifthey do not reproach us we cannot be far from right."
edward then produced the letter he had received from chaloner,requesting that the intendant would have the kindness to forward it.
"i see," replied the intendant; "i can forward these through langton.
ipresume it is to obtain credit for money.
it shall go on thursday."
the conference was then broken up, and edward went to see oswald.
for several days edward remained at home, anxiously awaiting every newswhich arrived; expecting every time that the capture of the king wouldbe announced, and, with great joy, finding that hitherto all efforts hadbeen unsuccessful.
but there was a question which now arose in edward'smind, and which was the cause of deep reflection.
since the proposal ofsending his sisters away had been started, he felt the greatinconvenience of his still representing himself to the intendant as thegrandson of armitage.
his sisters, if sent to the ladies at portlake,must be sent without the knowledge of the intendant; and if so, thediscovery of their absence would soon take place, as patienceheatherstone would be constantly going over to the cottage; and he nowasked himself the question whether, after all the kindness andconfidence which the intendant had shown him, he was right in any longerconcealing from him his birth and parentage.
he felt that he was doingthe intendant an injustice in not showing to him that confidence whichhe deserved.
that he was justified in so doing at first, he felt; but since thejoining the king's army, and the events which had followed, heconsidered that he was treating the intendant ill, and he now resolvedto take the first opportunity of making the confession.
but to do itformally, and without some opportunity which might offer, he feltawkward.
at last he thought that he would at once make the confessionto patience, under the promise of secrecy.
that he might do at once;and, after he had done so, the intendant could not tax him with want ofconfidence altogether.
he had now analysed his feelings towardspatience; and he felt how dear she had become to him.
during the timehe was with the army she had seldom been out of his thoughts; andalthough he was often in the society of well-bred women, he saw not onethat, in his opinion, could compare with patience heatherstone; butstill, what chance had he of supporting a wife?
at present, at the ageof nineteen, it was preposterous.
thoughts like these ran in his mind,chasing each other, and followed by others as vague and unsatisfactory;and, in the end, edward came to the conclusion that he was without apenny, and that being known as the heir of beverley would be to hisdisadvantage; that he was in love with patience heatherstone, and had nochance at present of obtaining her; and that he had done well up to thepresent time in concealing who he was from the intendant, who couldsafely attest that he knew not that he was protecting the son of sonoted a cavalier; and that he would confess to patience who he was, andgive as a reason for not telling her father, that he did not wish tocommit him by letting him know who it was that was under his protection.
how far the reader may be satisfied with the arguments which edward wassatisfied with, we cannot pretend to say; but edward was young, andhardly knew how to extricate himself from the cloak which necessity hadfirst compelled him to put on.
edward was already satisfied that he wasnot quite looked upon with indifference by patience heatherstone; and hewas not yet certain whether it was not a grateful feeling that she hadtowards him more than any other; that she believed him to be beneath herin birth, he felt convinced, and therefore she could have no idea thathe was edward beverley.
it was not till several days after he had madeup his mind that he had an opportunity of being with her alone, as clararatcliffe was their constant companion.
however, one evening clara wentout, and stayed out so long, carelessly wrapped up, that she caughtcold; and the following evening she remained at home, leaving edward andpatience to take their usual walk unaccompanied by her.
they had walkedfor some minutes in silence, when patience observed--"you are very grave, edward, and have been very grave ever since yourreturn; have you anything to vex you beyond the failure of the attempt?"
"yes, i have, patience.
i have much on my conscience, and do not knowhow to act.
i want an adviser and a friend, and know not where to findone."
"surely, edward, my father is your sincere friend, and not a badadviser."
"i grant it; but the question is between your father and me, and icannot advise with him for that reason."
"then advise with me, edward, if it is not a secret of such moment thatit is not to be trusted to a woman: at all events it will be the adviceof a sincere friend; you will give me credit for that."
"yes, and for much more; for i think i shall have good advice, and willtherefore accept your offer.
i feel, patience, that although i wasjustified, on my first acquaintance with your father, in not makingknown to him a secret of some importance, yet now that he has put suchimplicit confidence in me, i am doing him and myself an injustice in notmaking the communication--that is, as far as confidence in him isconcerned, i consider that he has a right to know all, and yet i feelthat it would be prudent on my part that he should not know all, as theknowledge might implicate him with those with whom he is at presentallied.
a secret sometimes is dangerous; and if your father could notsay that on his honour he knew not of the secret, it might harm him ifthe secret became afterwards known.
do you understand me?"
"i cannot say that i exactly do; you have a secret that you wish to makeknown to my father, and you think the knowledge of it may harm him.
icannot imagine what kind of secret that may be."
"well, i can give you a case in point.
suppose now that i knew thatking charles was hidden in your stable-loft: such might be the case, andyour father be ignorant of it, and his assertion of his ignorance wouldbe believed; but if i were to tell your father that the king was there,and it was afterwards discovered, do you not see that by confiding sucha secret to him i should do harm, and perhaps bring him into trouble?"
"i perceive now, edward; do you mean to say that you know where the kingis concealed?
for if you do, i must beg of you not to let my fatherknow anything about it.
as you say, it would put him in a difficultposition, and must eventually harm him much.
there is a greatdifference between wishing well to a cause and supporting it in person.
my father wishes the king well, i believe, but, at the same time, hewill not take an active part, as you have already seen; at the sametime, i am convinced that he would never betray the king if he knewwhere he was.
i say, therefore, if that is your secret, keep it fromhim, for his sake and for mine, edward, if you regard me."
"you know not how much i regard you, patience.
i saw many high-bornwomen when i was away, but none could i see equal to patienceheatherstone, in my opinion; and patience was ever in my thoughts duringmy long absence."
"i thank you for your kind feelings towards me," replied patience; "but,master armitage, we were talking about your secret."
rejoined edward; "how well you know how to remind me,by that expression, of my obscure birth and parentage, whenever i am aptto forget the distance which i ought to observe!"
"you are wrong!"
replied patience; "but you flattered me so grossly thati called you master armitage to show that i disliked flattery; that wasall.
i dislike flattery from those who are above me in rank, as well asthose who are below me; and i should have done the same to any otherperson, whatever his condition might be.
but forget what i said; i didnot mean to vex you, only to punish you for thinking me so silly as tobelieve such nonsense."
"your humility may construe that into flattery which was said by me inperfect sincerity and truth--that i cannot help," replied edward.
"imight have added much more, and yet have been sincere; if you had notreminded me of my not being of gentle birth i might have had thepresumption to have told you much more; but i have been rebuked."
edward finished speaking, and patience made no reply: they walked on forseveral moments without exchanging another syllable.
at last patiencesaid--"i will not say who is wrong, edward; but this i do know, that the onewho first offers the olive-branch after a misunderstanding cannot but beright.
i offer it now, and ask you whether we are to quarrel about onelittle word.
let me ask you, and give me a candid answer: have i everbeen so base as to treat as an inferior one to whom i have been so muchobliged?"
"it is i who am in fault, patience," replied edward.
"i have beendreaming for a long while, pleased with my dreams; and forgetting thatthey were dreams, and not likely to be realised.
i must now speakplainly.
i love you, patience; love you so much that to part from youwould be misery--to know that my love was rejected, as bitter as death.
that is the truth, and i can conceal it no longer.
now i admit you havea right to be angry."
"i see no cause for anger, edward," replied patience.
"i have notthought of you but as a friend and benefactor; it would have been wrongto have done otherwise.
i am but a young person, and must be guided bymy father.
i would not offend him by disobedience.
i thank you foryour good opinion of me, and yet i wish you had not said what you have."
"am i to understand from your reply, that if your father raised noobjection, my lowly birth would be none in your opinion?"
"your birth has never come into my head, except when reminded of it byyourself."
"then, patience, let me return for the present to what i had to confideto you.
i was--""here comes my father, edward," said patience.
"surely i have done wrong, for i feel afraid to meet him."
mr heatherstone now joined them, and said to edward--"i have been looking for you; i have news from london which has rejoicedme much.
i have at last obtained what i have some time been trying for;and, indeed, i may say that your prudence and boldness in returning homeas a trooper, added to your conduct in the forest, has greatly advanced,and ultimately obtained for me my suit.
there was some suspense beforethat; but your conduct has removed it; and now we shall have plenty todo."
they walked to the house, and the intendant, as soon as he had gainedhis own room, said to edward--"there is a grant to me of a property which i have long solicited for myservices--read it."
edward took up the letter, in which the parliamentinformed mr heatherstone that his application for the property ofarnwood had been acceded to, and signed by the commissioners; and thathe might take immediate possession.
edward turned pale as he laid thedocument down on the table.
"we will ride to-morrow, edward, and look it over.
i intend to rebuildthe house."
edward made no reply.
"are you not well?"
said the intendant, with surprise.
"yes, sir," replied edward, "i am well, i believe, but i will confess toyou that i am disappointed.
i did not think that you would haveaccepted a property from such a source, and so unjustly sequestrated."
"i am sorry, edward," replied the intendant, "that i should have fallenin your good opinion; but allow me to observe that you are so far right,that i never would have accepted a property to which there were livingclaimants; but this is a different case.
for instance, the ratcliffeproperty belongs to little clara and is sequestrated.
do you think iwould accept it?
but here is a property without an heir; thewhole family perished in the flames of arnwood!
there is no livingclaimant!
it must be given to somebody, or remain with the government.
this property, therefore, and this property only, out of allsequestrated, i selected; as i felt that, in obtaining it, i did harm tono one.
i have been offered others, but have refused them.
i wouldaccept of this, and this only; and that is the reason why myapplications have hitherto been attended with no success.
i trust youbelieve me, edward, in what i assert?"
"first answer me one question, mr heatherstone.
suppose it were provedthat the whole of the family did not, as it is supposed, perish at theconflagration of arnwood?
suppose a rightful heir to it should at anytime appear, would you then resign the property to him?"
"as i hope for heaven, edward, i would!"
replied the intendant, solemnlyraising his eyes upwards as he spoke.
"i then should think that i hadbeen an instrument to keep the property out of other hands lessscrupulous, and should surrender it as a trust which had been confidedto me for the time only."
"with such feelings, mr heatherstone, i can now congratulate you uponyour having obtained possession of the property," replied edward.
"and yet i do not deserve so much credit, as there is little chance ofmy sincerity being put to the test, edward.
there is no doubt that thefamily all perished; and arnwood will become the dower of patienceheatherstone."
edward's heart beat quick.
a moment's thought told him his situation.
he had been prevented, by the interruption of mr heatherstone, frommaking his confession to patience; and now he could not make it toanybody without a rupture with the intendant, or a compromise, by askingwhat he so earnestly desired--the hand of patience.
mr heatherstoneobserving to edward that he did not look so well, said supper was ready;and that they had better go into the next room.
at supper he was tormented by the incessant inquiries ofclara, as to what was the matter with him.
he did not venture to lookat patience, and made a hasty retreat to bed; complaining, as he wellmight do, of a severe headache.
edward threw himself on his bed, but to sleep was impossible.
hethought of the events of the day over and over again.
had he any reasonto believe that patience returned his affection?
no: her reply was toocalm, too composed, to make him suppose that; and now that she would bean heiress, there would be no want of pretenders to her hand; and hewould lose her and his property at the same time.
it was true that theintendant had declared that he would renounce the property if the trueheir appeared, but that was easy to say upon the conviction that no heirwould appear; and even if he did renounce it, the parliament wouldreceive it again, rather than it should fall into the hands of abeverley.
"oh that i had never left the cottage," thought edward.
"imight then at least have become resigned and contented with my lot.
nowi am miserable, and, whichever way i turn, i see no prospect of beingotherwise.
one thing only i can decide upon, which is, that i will notremain any longer than i can help under this roof.
i will go over andconsult with humphrey; and if i can only place my sisters as i want,humphrey and i will seek our fortunes."
edward rose at daylight, and, dressing himself, went down and saddledhis horse.
desiring sampson to tell the intendant that he had gone overto the cottage, and would return by the evening, he rode across theforest, and arrived just as they were sitting down to breakfast.
hisattempts to be cheerful before his sisters did not succeed, and theywere all grieved to see him look so pale and haggard.
as soon asbreakfast was over edward made a sign, and he and humphrey went out.
"what is the matter, my dear brother?"
"i will tell you all.
listen to me," replied edward, who then gave himthe detail of all that had passed, from the time he had walked out withpatience heatherstone till he went to bed.
"now, humphrey, you knowall; and what shall i do?
remain there i cannot!"
"if patience heatherstone had professed regard for you," repliedhumphrey, "the affair would have been simple enough.
her father couldhave no objections to the match; and he would at the same time haveacquitted his conscience as to the retaining of the property: but yousay she showed none."
"she told me very calmly that she was sorry that i had said what i did."
"but do women always mean what they say, brother?"
"she does, at all events," replied edward; "she is truth itself.
no, icannot deceive myself.
she feels a deep debt of gratitude for theservice i rendered her; and that prevented her from being more harsh inher reply than what she was."
"but if she knew that you were edward beverley, do you not think itwould make a difference in her?"
"and if it did, it would be too humiliating to think that i was onlymarried for my rank and station."
"but, considering you of mean birth, may she not have checked thosefeelings which she considered under the circumstances improper toindulge?"
"where there is such a sense of propriety there can be littleaffection."
"i know nothing about these things, edward," replied humphrey; "but ihave been told that a woman's heart is not easily read; or if i have notbeen told it, i have read it or dreamt it."
"what do you propose to do?"
"what i fear you will not approve of, humphrey; it is to break up ourestablishment altogether.
if the answer is favourable from the missesconynghame, my sisters shall go to them; but that we had agreed uponalready.
then for myself--i intend to go abroad, resume my name, andobtain employment in some foreign service.
i will trust to the king forassisting me to that."
"that is the worst part of it, edward; but if your peace of mind dependsupon it, i will not oppose it."
"you, humphrey, may come with me and share my fortunes, or do what youthink more preferable."
"i think then, edward, that i shall not decide rashly.
i must haveremained here with pablo, if my sisters had gone to the ladiesconynghame and you had remained with the intendant; i shall, therefore,till i hear from you, remain where i am, and i shall be able to observewhat is going on here, and let you know."
"be it so," replied edward; "let me only see my sisters well placed, andi shall be off the next day.
it is misery to remain there now."
after some more conversation edward mounted his horse and returned tothe intendant's.
he did not arrive till late, for supper was on thetable.
the intendant gave him a letter for master chaloner, which wasenclosed in one from mr langton;--and further informed edward that newshad arrived of the king having made his escape to france.
"thank god for that!"
"with your leave, sir, i willto-morrow deliver this letter to the party to whom it is addressed, as iknow it to be of consequence."
the intendant having given his consent, edward retired without havingexchanged a word with patience or clara beyond the usual civilities ofthe table.
the following morning edward, who had not slept an hour during thenight, set off for clara's cottage, and found chaloner and grenvillestill in bed.
at the sound of his voice the door was opened, and hegave chaloner the letter; the latter read it and then handed it toedward.
the misses conynghame were delighted at the idea of receivingthe two daughters of colonel beverley, and would treat them as theirown; they requested that they might be sent to london immediately, wherethe coach would meet them to convey them down to lancashire.
theybegged to be kindly remembered to captain beverley, and to assure himthat his sisters should be well cared for.
"i am much indebted to you, chaloner," said edward; "i will send mybrother off with my sisters as soon as possible.
you will soon think ofreturning to france; and if you will permit me, i will accompany you."
that will be delightful; but you had no idea of the kindwhen last we met.
what has induced you to alter your mind?"
"i will tell you by and by; i do not think i shall be here again forsome days.
i must be a great deal at the cottage when humphrey is away;for pablo will have a great charge upon him--what with the dairy, andhorses, and breed of goats, and other things--more than he can attendto; but as soon as humphrey returns, i will come to you and makepreparations for our departure.
till then farewell, both of you.
wemust see to provision you for three weeks or a month before humphreystarts."
edward bade them a hearty farewell, and then rode to the cottage.
although alice and edith had been somewhat prepared for leaving thecottage, yet the time was so very uncertain, that the blow fell heavyupon them.
they were to leave their brothers, whom they loved sodearly, to go to strangers; and when they understood that they were toleave in two days, and that they should not see edward again, theirgrief was very great; but edward reasoned with alice and consoled her,although with edith it was a more difficult task.
she not only lamentedher brothers, but her cow, her pony, and her kids; all the dumb animalswere friends and favourites of edith; and even the idea of parting withpablo was the cause of a fresh burst of tears.
having made everyarrangement with humphrey, edward once more took his leave, promising tocome over and assist pablo as soon as he could.
the next day humphrey was busied in his preparations.
they supplied theprovisions to clara's cottage; and when pablo took them over in thecart, humphrey rode to lymington and provided a conveyance to london forthe following day.
we may as well observe that they set off at the hourappointed, and arrived safely at london in three days.
there, at anaddress given in the letter, they found the coach waiting; and havinggiven his sisters into the charge of an elderly waiting-woman, who hadcome up in the coach to take charge of them, they quitted him with manytears, and humphrey hastened back to the new forest.
on his return he found, to his surprise, that edward had not called atthe cottage as he had promised; and, with a mind foreboding evil, hemounted a horse and set off across the forest to ascertain the cause.
as he was close to the intendant's house he was met by oswald, whoinformed him that edward had been seized with a violent fever, and wasin a very dangerous state, having been delirious for three or four days.
humphrey hastened to dismount, and knocked at the door of the house; itwas opened by sampson, and humphrey requested to be shown up to hisbrother's room.
he found edward in the state described by oswald, andwholly unconscious of his presence; the maid, phoebe, was by hisbedside.
"you may leave," said humphrey, rather abruptly; "i am his brother."
phoebe retired, and humphrey was alone with his brother.
"it was, indeed, an unhappy day when you came to this house," exclaimedhumphrey, as the tears rolled down his cheeks; "my poor, poor edward."
edward now began to talk incoherently, and attempted to rise from thebed, but his efforts were unavailing--he was too weak; but he raved ofpatience heatherstone, and he called himself edward beverley more thanonce, and he talked of his father and of arnwood.
"if he has raved in this manner," thought humphrey, "he has not manysecrets left to disclose.
i will not leave him, and will keep othersaway if i can."
humphrey had been sitting an hour with his brother, when the surgeoncame to see his patient.
he felt his pulse, and asked humphrey if hewas nursing him.
"i am his brother, sir," replied humphrey.
"then, my good sir, if you perceive any signs of perspiration--and ithink now that there is a little--keep the clothes on him and let himperspire freely.
if so, his life will be saved."
the surgeon withdrew, saying that he would return again late in theevening.
humphrey remained for another two hours at the bedside, and then feelingthat there was a sign of perspiration, he obeyed the injunctions of thesurgeon, and held on the clothes, against all edward's endeavours tothrow them off.
for a short time the perspiration was profuse, and therestlessness of edward subsided into a deep slumber.
there are then hopes."
"did you say there were hopes?"
repeated a voice behind him.
humphrey turned, and perceived patience and clara behind him, who hadcome in without his observing it.
"yes," replied humphrey, looking reproachfully at patience, "there arehopes, by what the surgeon said to me--hopes that he may yet be able toquit this house, which he was so unfortunate as to enter."
this was a harsh and rude speech of humphrey's; but he considered thatpatience heatherstone had been the cause of his brother's dangerousstate, and that she had not behaved well to him.
patience made no reply, but falling down on her knees by the bedside,prayed silently; and humphrey's heart smote him for what he had said toher.
"she cannot be so bad," thought humphrey, as patience and claraquitted the room without the least noise.
shortly afterwards the intendant came up into the room, and offered hishand to humphrey, who pretended not to see it, and did not take it.
"he has got arnwood; that is enough for him," thought humphrey; "but myhand in friendship he shall not receive."
the intendant put his hand within the clothes, and feeling the highperspiration in which edward was in, said--"i thank thee, o god!
for all thy mercies, and that thou hast beenpleased to spare this valuable life."
"how are your sisters, master humphrey?"
said the intendant; "mydaughter bade me inquire.
i will send over to them and let them knowthat your brother is better, if you do not leave this for the cottageyourself after the surgeon has called again."
"my sisters are no longer at the cottage, mr heatherstone," repliedhumphrey; "they have gone to some friends who have taken charge of them.
i saw them safe to london myself, or i should have known of mybrother's illness and have been here before this."
"you indeed tell me news, master humphrey," replied the intendant.
"with whom, may i ask, are your sisters placed, and in what capacity arethey gone?"
this reply of the intendant's reminded humphrey that he had somewhatcommitted himself, as being supposed to be the daughters of a forester,it was not to be thought that they had gone up to be educated; and hetherefore replied--"they found it lonely in the forest, mr heatherstone, and wished to seelondon; so we have taken them there, and put them into the care of thosewho have promised that they shall be well placed."
the intendant appeared to be much disturbed and surprised, but he saidnothing, and soon afterwards quitted the room.
he almost immediatelyreturned with the surgeon, who, as soon as he felt edward's pulse,declared that the crisis was over, and that when he awoke he would bequite sensible.
having given directions as to the drink of his patient,and some medicine which he was to take, the surgeon then left, statingthat he should not call until the next evening, unless he was sent for,as he considered all danger over.
edward continued in a quiet slumber for the major portion of the night.
it was just break of day when he opened his eyes.
humphrey offered himsome drink, which edward took greedily; and seeing humphrey, said--"oh, humphrey, i had quite forgotten where i was--i'm so sleepy!"
andwith these words his head fell on the pillow, and he was again asleep.
when it was broad daylight oswald came into the room--"master humphrey, they say that all danger is over now, but that youhave remained here all night.
i will relieve you now, if you let me.
go and take a walk in the fresh air--it will revive you."
"i will, oswald, and many thanks.
my brother has woke up once, and, ithank god, quite sensible.
he will know you when he wakes again, andthen do you send for me."
humphrey left the room, and was glad, after a night of close confinementin a sick-room, to feel the cool morning air fanning his cheeks.
he hadnot been long out of the house before he perceived clara coming towardshim.
"how d'ye do, humphrey?"
said clara; "and how is your brother thismorning?"
"he is better, clara, and i hope now out of danger."
"but, humphrey," continued clara; "when we came into the room lastnight, what made you say what you did?"
"i do not recollect that i said anything."
"yes, you did; you said that there were now hopes that your brotherwould be able soon to quit this house, which he had been so unfortunateas to enter.
do you recollect?"
"i may have said so, clara," replied humphrey; "it was only speaking mythoughts aloud."
"but why do you think so, humphrey?
why has edward been unfortunate inentering this house?
that is what i want to know.
patience cried somuch after she left the room because you said that.
why did you say so?
you did not think so a short time ago."
"no, my dear clara, i did not, but i do now, and i cannot give you myreasons; so you must say no more about it."
clara was silent for a time, and then said--"patience tells me that your sisters have gone away from the cottage.
you told her father so."
"it is very true, they have gone."
"but why have they gone?
what have they gone for?
who is to look afterthe cows and goats and poultry?
who is to cook your dinner, humphrey?
what can you do without them, and why did you send them away withoutletting me or patience know that they were going, so that at least wemight have bid them farewell?"
"my dear clara," replied humphrey--who, feeling no little difficulty inreplying to all these questions, resolved to cut the matter short byappearing to be angry--"you know that you are the daughter of agentleman, and so is patience heatherstone.
you are both of gentlebirth; but my sisters, you know, are only the daughters of a forester,and my brother edward and i are no better.
it does not become mistresspatience and you to be intimate with such as we are, especially now thatmistress patience is a great heiress: for her father has obtained thelarge property of arnwood, and it will be hers after his death.
it isnot fit that the heiress of arnwood should mix herself up withforester's daughters; and as we had friends near lymington who offeredto assist us, and take our sisters under their charge, we thought itbetter that they should go; for what would become of them, if anyaccident was to happen to edward or to me?
now they will be providedfor.
after they have been taught, they will make very nice tire-womento some lady of quality," added humphrey, with a sneer.
"don't youthink they will, my pretty clara?"
clara burst into tears.
"you are very unkind, humphrey," sobbed she.
"you had no right to sendaway your sisters.
i don't believe you--that's more!"
and clara ranaway into the house.
our readers may think that humphrey was very unkind; but it was to avoidbeing questioned by clara, who was evidently sent for the purpose, thathe was so harsh.
at the same time it must be admitted that mrheatherstone having obtained possession of arnwood, rankled no doubt inthe minds of both the brothers, and every act now, on the part of him orhis family, was viewed in a false medium.
but our feelings are notalways at our control, and edward was naturally impetuous, and humphreyso much attached, and so much alarmed at his brother's danger, that hewas even more excited.
the blow fell doubly heavy, as it appeared thatat the very same time patience had rejected his brother and takenpossession of their property, which had been held by the family forcenturies.
what made the case more annoying was, that explanation, ifthere was any to offer on either side, was, under present circumstances,almost impossible.
soon after clara left him humphrey returned to his brother's room.
hefound him awake, and talking to oswald.
ardently pressing his brother'shand, edward said--"my dear humphrey, i shall soon be well now, and able, i trust, to quitthis house.
what i fear is, that some explanation will be asked for bythe intendant, not only relative to my sisters having left us, but alsoupon other points.
this is what i wish to avoid, without givingoffence.
i do not think that the intendant is so much to blame inhaving obtained my property, as he does not know that a beverleyexisted, but i cannot bear to have any further intimacy with him,especially after what has taken place between me and his daughter.
whati have to request is, that you will never quit this room while i amstill here, unless you are relieved by oswald; so that the intendant oranybody else may have no opportunity of having any private communicationwith me, or forcing me to listen to what they may have to say.
i madethis known to oswald before you came in."
"depend upon it, it shall be so, edward; for i am of your opinion.
clara came to me just now, and i had much trouble, and was compelled tobe harsh, to get rid of her importunity."
when the surgeon called, he pronounced edward out of danger, and thathis attendance would be no longer necessary.
edward felt the truth ofthis.
all that he required was strength; and that he trusted in a fewdays to obtain.
oswald was sent over to the cottage to ascertain how pablo was going onby himself.
he found that everything was correct, and that pablo,although he felt proud of his responsibility, was very anxious forhumphrey's return, as he found himself very lonely.
during oswald'sabsence on this day, humphrey never quitted the room and although theintendant came up several times he never could find an opportunity ofspeaking to edward, which he evidently wished to do.
to inquiries made as to how he was, edward always complained of greatweakness, for a reason which will soon be understood.
several dayselapsed, and edward had often been out of bed during the night, when notlikely to be intruded upon, and he now felt himself strong enough to beremoved; and his object was to leave the intendant's house without hisknowledge, so as to avoid any explanation.
one evening pablo came over with the horses after it was dark.
oswaldput them into the stable; and the morning proving fine and clear, alittle before break of day edward came softly downstairs with humphrey,and, mounting the horses, set off for the cottage, without any one inthe intendant's house being aware of their departure.
it must not be supposed, however, that edward took this step withoutsome degree of consideration as to the feelings of the intendant.
onthe contrary, he left a letter with oswald, to be delivered after hisdeparture, in which he thanked the intendant sincerely for all thekindness and compassion he had shown towards him assured him of hisgratitude and kind feelings towards him and his daughter, but said thatcircumstances had occurred of which no explanation could be givenwithout great pain to all parties, which rendered it advisable that heshould take such an apparently unkind step as to leave without biddingthem farewell in person; that he was about to embark immediately for thecontinent, to seek his fortune in the wars; and that he wished allprosperity to the family, which would ever have his kindest wishes andremembrances.
"humphrey," said edward, after they had ridden about two miles acrossthe forest, and the sun had risen in an unclouded sky, "i feel like anemancipated slave.
my sickness has cured me of all mycomplaints, and all i want now is active employment.
and now, humphrey,chaloner and grenville are not a little tired of being inured up intheir cottage, and i am as anxious as they are to be off.
what will youdo?
will you join us, or will you remain at the cottage?"
"i have reflected upon it, edward, and i have come to the determinationof remaining at the cottage.
you will find it expensive enough tosupport one where you are going, and you must appear as a beverleyshould do.
we have plenty of money saved to equip you, and maintain youwell for a year or so; but after that you may require more.
i can make money, now that the farm is well stocked; and i haveno doubt that i shall be able to send over a trifle every year tosupport the honour of the family.
besides, i do not wish to leave thisfor another reason.
i want to know what is going on, and watch themotions of the intendant and the heiress of arnwood.
i also do not wishto leave the country until i know how my sisters get on with the ladiesconynghame: it is my duty to watch over them.
i have made up my mind,so do not attempt to dissuade me."
"i shall not, my dear humphrey, as i think you have decided properly;but i beg you will not think of laying by money for me--a very littlewill suffice for my wants."
"not so, good brother; you must and shall, if i can help you, ruffle itwith the best.
you will be better received if you do; for, thoughpoverty is no sin, as the saying is, it is scouted as sin should be,while sins are winked at.
you know that i require no money, andtherefore you must and shall, if you love me, take it all."
"as you will, my dear humphrey.
now then, let us put our horses tospeed, for, if possible, we will to-morrow morning leave the forest."
by this time all search for the fugitives from worcester had long beenover, and there was no difficulty in obtaining the means of embarkation.
early the next morning everything was ready, and edward, humphrey,chaloner, grenville, and pablo set off for southampton, one of thehorses carrying the little baggage which they had with them.
edward, aswe have before mentioned, with the money he had saved, and the store atthe cottage, which had been greatly increased, was well supplied withcash; and that evening they embarked, with their horses, in a smallsailing vessel, and, with a favourable light wind, arrived at a smallport of france on the following day.
humphrey and pablo returned to thecottage, we need hardly now say, very much out of spirits at theseparation.
"oh, massa humphrey," said pablo, as they rode along, "missy alice andmissy edith go away--i wish go with them.
massa edward go away--i wishgo with him.
you stay at cottage--i wish stay with you.
pablo cannotbe in three places."
"no, pablo; all you can do is to stay where you can be most useful."
"yes, i know that.
you want me at cottage very much.
missy alice andedith and massa edward no want me; so i stay at cottage."
"yes, pablo, we will stay at the cottage, but we can't do everythingnow.
i think we must give up the dairy, now that my sisters are gone.
i'll tell you what i have been thinking of, pablo.
we will make a largeenclosed place, to coax the ponies into during the winter, pick out asmany as we think are good, and sell them at lymington.
that will bebetter than churning butter."
"yes, i see; plenty of work for pablo."
"and plenty for me, too, pablo; but you know, when the enclosure is oncemade, it will last for a long while; and we will get the wild cattleinto it if we can."
"yes, i see," said pablo.
"i like that very much; only not like troubleto build place."
"we shan't have much trouble, pablo: if we fell the trees inside thewood at each side, and let them lie one upon the other, the animals willnever break through them."
"that very good idea--save trouble," said pablo.
"and what you do withcows, suppose no make butter?"
"keep them, and sell their calves; keep them, to entice the wild cattleinto the pen."
"yes, that good.
and turn out old billy to 'tice ponies into pen,"continued pablo, laughing.
"yes, we will try it."
we must now return to the intendant's house.
oswald delivered theletter to the intendant, who read it with much astonishment.
is he actually gone?"
said mr heatherstone.
"yes, sir, before daylight this morning."
"and why was i not informed of it?"
said mr heatherstone; "why have youbeen a party to this proceeding, being my servant?
may i inquire that?"
"i knew master edward before i knew you, sir," replied oswald.
"then you had better follow him," rejoined the intendant, in an angrytone.
"very well, sir," replied oswald, who quitted the room.
how all my plans have been frustrated!"
exclaimed the intendant, when hewas alone.
he then read the letter over more carefully than he had doneat first.
"`circumstances had occurred of which no explanation could begiven by him.'
i do not comprehend that--i must see patience."
mr heatherstone opened the door, and called to his daughter.
"patience," said mr heatherstone, "edward has left the house thismorning; here is a letter which he has written to me.
read it, and letme know if you can explain some portion of it, which to me isincomprehensible.
sit down and read it attentively."
patience, who was much agitated, gladly took the seat and perusededward's letter.
when she had done so she let it drop in her lap, andcovered all her face, the tears trickling through her fingers.
after atime the intendant said--"patience, has anything passed between you and edward armitage?"
patience made no reply, but sobbed aloud.
she might not have shown somuch emotion, but it must be remembered that for the last three weekssince edward had spoken to her, and during his subsequent illness, shehad been very unhappy.
the reserve of humphrey, the expressions he hadmade use of, his repulse of clara, and her not having seen anything ofedward during his illness, added to his sudden and unexpected departurewithout a word to her, had broken her spirits, and she sank beneath theload of sorrow.
the intendant left her to recover herself before he again addressed her.
when she had ceased sobbing, her father spoke to her in a very kindvoice, begging her that she would not conceal anything from him, as itwas most important to him that the real facts should be known.
"now tell me, my child, what passed between edward and you?"
"he told me, just before you came up to us that evening, that he lovedme."
"and what was your reply?"
"i hardly know, my dear father, what it was that i said.
i did not liketo be unkind to one who saved my life, and i did not choose to say whati thought, because--because--because he was of low birth; and how couldi give encouragement to the son of a forester without your permission?"
"then you rejected him?"
"i suppose i did, or that he considered that i did so.
he had a secretof importance that he would have confided to me, had you not interruptedus."
"and now, patience, i must request you to answer me one questioncandidly.
i do not blame you for your conduct, which was correct underthe circumstances.
i also had a secret which i perhaps ought to haveconfided; but i did consider that the confidence and paternal kindnesswith which i treated edward would have been sufficient to point out toyou that i could not have been very averse to an union--indeed, thefreedom of communication which i allowed between you must have told youso: but your sense of duty and propriety has made you act as you oughtto have done, i grant, although contrary to my real wishes."
"your wishes, my father?"
"yes--my wishes; there isnothing that i so ardently desired as an union between you and edward;but i wished you to love him for his own merits."
"i have done so, father," replied patience, sobbing again, "although idid not tell him so."
the intendant remained silent for some time, and then said--"there is no cause for further concealment, patience; i have only toregret that i was not more explicit sooner.
i have long suspected, andhave since been satisfied, that edward armitage is edward beverley, who,with his brother and sisters, were supposed to have been burnt to deathat arnwood."
patience removed her handkerchief from her face, and looked at herfather with astonishment.
"i tell you that i had a strong suspicion of it, my dear child, first,from the noble appearance, which no forest garb could disguise; but whatgave me further conviction was, that when at lymington i happened tofall in with one benjamin, who had been a servant at arnwood, andinterrogated him closely.
he really believed that the children wereburnt; it is true that i asked him particularly relative to theappearance of the children--how many were boys and how many were girls,their ages, etcetera; but the strongest proof was, that the names of thefour children corresponded with the names of the children of the forest,as well as their ages, and i went to the church register and extractedthem.
now this was almost amounting to proof; for it was not likelythat four children in the forest cottage should have the same ages andnames as those of arnwood.
after i had ascertained this point, iengaged edward, as you know, wishing to secure him; for i was onceacquainted with his father, and at all events well acquainted with thecolonel's merits.
you remained in the house together, and it was withpleasure that i watched the intimacy between you; and then i exertedmyself to get arnwood restored to him.
i could not ask it for him, buti prevented it being given to any other, by laying claim to it myself.
had edward remained with us, all might have succeeded as i wished; buthe would join in the unfortunate insurrection, and i knew it useless toprevent him, so i let him go.
i found that he took the name of beverleyduring the time he was with the king's army, and when i was last in towni was told so by the commissioners, who wondered where he had come from;but the effect was, that it was now useless for me to request the estatefor him, as i had wished to do--his having served in the royal armyrendered it impossible.
i therefore claimed it for myself, andsucceeded.
i had made up my mind that he was attached to you, and youwere equally so to him; and as soon as i had the grant sent down, whichwas on the evening he addressed you, i made known to him that theproperty was given to me; and i added, on some dry questions being putto me by him, relative to the possibility of there being still existingan heir to the estate, that there was no chance of that, and that youwould be the mistress of arnwood.
i threw it out as a hint to him,fancying that, as far as you were concerned, all would go well, and thati would explain to him my knowledge of who he was after he had madeknown his regard for you."
"yes, i see it all now," replied patience; "in one hour he is rejectedby me, and in the next he is told that i have obtained possession of hisproperty.
no wonder that he is indignant, and looks upon us with scorn.
and now he has left us: we have driven him into danger, and may neversee him again.
i am very, very miserable!"
"we must hope for the best, patience.
it is true that he has gone tothe wars, but it does not therefore follow that he is to be killed.
youare both very young--much too young to marry--and all may be explained.
i must see humphrey, and be candid with him."
"but alice and edith,--where are they gone, father?"
"that i can inform you.
i have a letter from langton on the subject,for i begged him to find out.
he says that there are two young ladiesof the name of beverley, who have been placed under the charge of hisfriends the ladies conynghame, who is aunt to major chaloner, who hasbeen for some time concealed in the forest.
but i have letters towrite, my dear patience.
to-morrow, if i live and do well, i will rideover to the cottage to see humphrey beverley."
the intendant kissed his daughter; and she left the room.
she was glad to be left to herself, and think over thisstrange communication.
for many days she had felt how fond she had beenof edward, much more so than she had believed herself to be.
"and now,"she thought, "if he really loves me, and hears my father's explanation,he will come back again."
by degrees, she recovered her serenity, andemployed herself in her quiet domestic duties.
mr heatherstone rode over to the cottage the next day, where he foundhumphrey busily employed as usual; and, what was very unusual, extremelygrave.
it was not a pleasant task for mr heatherstone to have toexplain his conduct to so very young a man as humphrey; but he felt thathe could not be comfortable until the evil impression against him wasremoved, and he knew that humphrey had a great deal of sterling goodsense.
his reception was cool; but when the explanation was made,humphrey was more than satisfied, as it showed that the intendant hadbeen their best friend, and that it was from a delicacy on the part ofpatience, rather than from any other cause, that the misunderstandinghad occurred.
humphrey inquired if he had permission to communicate thesubstance of their conversation to his brother, and mr heatherstonestated that such was his wish and intention when he confided it tohumphrey.
it is hardly necessary to say that humphrey took the earliestopportunity of writing to edward at the direction which chaloner hadleft with him.
but we must follow edward for a time.
on his arrival at paris he waskindly received by king charles, who promised to assist his views injoining the army.
"you have to choose between two generals, both great in the art of war--conde and turenne; i have no doubt that they will be opposed to eachother soon--that will be the better for you, as you will learn tacticsfrom such great players."
"which would your majesty recommend me to follow?"
"conde is my favourite, and he will soon be opposed to this truculentand dishonest court, who have kept me here as an instrument toaccomplish their own wishes, but who have never intended to keep theirpromises and place me on the english throne.
i will give you letters toconde and recollect that whatever general you take service under youwill follow him, without pretending to calculate how far his movementsmay be right or wrong--that is not your affair.
conde is now justreleased from vincennes; but, depend upon it, he will be in arms verysoon."
as soon as he was furnished with the necessary credentials from the kingedward presented himself at the levee of the prince of conde.
"you are here highly spoken of," said the prince, "for so young a man.
so you were at the affair of worcester?
we will retain you, for yourservices will be wanted by and by.
can you procure any of yourcountrymen?"
"i know but of two that i can recommend from personal knowledge; butthese two officers i can venture to pledge myself for."
"that i cannot at present reply to your highness--but i should think itvery possible."
"bring me the officers to-morrow at this hour, monsieur beverley--_aurevoir_."
the prince of conde then passed on to speak to other officers andgentlemen who were waiting to pay their respects.
edward went to chaloner and grenville, who were delighted with theintelligence which he brought them.
the next day they were at theprince's levee, and introduced by edward.
"i am fortunate, gentlemen," said the prince, "in securing the servicesof such fine young men.
you will oblige me by enlisting as many of yourcountrymen as you may consider likely to do good service, and thenfollow me to guienne, to which province i am now about to depart.
bepleased to put yourself into communication with the parties named inthis paper, and after my absence you will receive from them everyassistance and necessary supplies which may be required."
a month after this interview, conde, who had been joined by a greatnumber of nobles, and had been reinforced by troops from spain, set upthe standard of revolt.
edward and his friends joined them, with about300 english and scotch, whom they had enlisted, and very soon afterwardsconde obtained the victory at blenan, and in april 1652 advanced toparis.
turenne, who had taken the command of the french army, followed him, anda severe action was fought in the streets of the suburb d'antoine, inwhich neither party had the advantage.
but eventually conde was beatenback by the superior force of turenne; and not receiving the assistancehe expected from the spaniards, he fell back to the frontiers ofchampagne.
previous to his departure from paris, edward had received humphrey'sletter, explaining away the intendant's conduct; and the contentsremoved a heavy load from edward's mind; but he now thought of nothingbut war, and although he cherished the idea of patience heatherstone, hewas resolved to follow the fortunes of the prince as long as he could.
he wrote a letter to the intendant, thanking him for his kind feelingsand intentions towards him, and he trusted that he might one day havethe pleasure of seeing him again.
he did not, however, think itadvisable to mention the name of his daughter, except in inquiring afterher health, and sending his respects.
"it may be years before i see heragain," thought edward, "and who knows what may happen?"
the prince of conde now had the command of the spanish forces in thenetherlands; and edward, with his friends, followed his fortunes, andgained his good-will: they were rapidly promoted.
time flew on, and in the year 1654 the court of france concluded analliance with cromwell, and expelled king charles from the frenchfrontiers.
the war was still carried on in the netherlands.
turennebore down conde, who had gained every campaign; and the court of spain,wearied with reverses, made overtures of peace, which were gladlyaccepted by the french.
during these wars cromwell had been named protector, and had shortlyafterwards died.
edward, who but rarely heard from humphrey, was now anxious to quit thearmy and go to the king, who was in spain; but to leave his colourswhile things were adverse was impossible.
after the peace and the pardon of conde by the french king, the armieswere disbanded, and the three adventurers were free.
they took theirleave of the prince, who thanked them for their long and meritoriousservices; and they then hastened to king charles, who had left spain andcome to the low countries.
at the time of their joining the king,richard, the son of cromwell, who had been nominated protector, hadresigned, and everything was ready for the restoration.
on the 15th of may 1660 the news arrived that charles had beenproclaimed king on the 8th, and a large body of gentlemen went to invitehim over.
the king sailed from scheveling, was met at dover by generalmonk, and conducted to london, which he entered amidst the acclamationsof the people, on the 29th of the same month.
we may leave the reader to suppose that edward, chaloner, and grenvillewere among the most favoured of those in his train.
as the processionmoved slowly along the strand, through a countless multitude, thewindows of all the houses were filled with well-dressed ladies, whowaved their white kerchiefs to the king and his attendant suite.
chaloner, edward, and grenville, who rode side by side as gentlemen inwaiting, were certainly the most distinguished among the king's retinue.
"look, edward," said chaloner, "at those two lovely girls at yon window.
do you recognise them?"
"indeed i do not.
are they any of our paris beauties?"
"why, thou insensible and unnatural animal!
they are thy sisters, aliceand edith: and do you not recognise behind them my good auntsconynghame?"
"it is so, i believe," replied edward.
"yes, now that edith smiles, i'msure it is they."
"yes," replied grenville, "there can be no doubt of that; but will they,think you, recognise us?"
"we shall see," replied edward, as they now approached within a fewyards of the window; for while they had been speaking the procession hadstopped.
"is it possible," thought edward, "that these can be the two girls inrusset gowns that i left at the cottage?
and yet it must be.
well,chaloner, to all appearance, your good aunts have done justice to theircharge."
"nature has done more, edward.
i never thought that they would havegrown into such lovely girls as they have, although i always thoughtthat they were handsome."
as they passed edward caught the eye of edith, and smiled.
"alice, that's edward!"
said edith, so loud as to be heard by the king,and all near him.
alice and edith rose and waved their handkerchiefs, but they wereobliged to cease, and put them to their eyes.
"are those your sisters, edward?"
said the king.
"they are, your majesty."
the king rose in his stirrups, and made a low obeisance to the windowwhere they were standing.
"we shall have some court beauties, beverley," said the king, looking athim over his shoulder.
as soon as the ceremonies were over, and they could escape from theirattendance on the king's person, edward and his two friends went to thehouse in which resided the ladies conynghame and his sisters.
we pass over the joy of this meeting after so many years' absence, andthe pleasure which it gave to edward to find his sisters grown suchaccomplished and elegant young women.
that his two friends, who were,as the reader will recollect, old acquaintances of alice and edith, werewarmly received, we hardly need say.
"now, edward, who do you think was here to-day--the reigning belle, andthe toast of all the gentlemen?"
i must be careful of my heart.
dear edith, who is she?"
"no less than one with whom you were formerly well acquainted, edward--patience heatherstone."
"patience heatherstone," cried edward, "the toast of all london!"
"yes; and deservedly so, i can assure you: but she is as good as she ishandsome, and, moreover, treats all the gay gallants with perfectindifference.
she is staying with her uncle, sir ashley cooper; and herfather is also in town, for he called here with her to-day."
"when did you hear from humphrey, edith?"
"a few days back.
he has left the cottage now, altogether."
where does he reside then?"
the house has been rebuilt, and i understand is a veryprincely mansion.
humphrey has charge of it, until it is ascertained towhom it is to belong."
"it belongs to mr heatherstone, does it not?"
"how can you say so, edward?
you received humphrey's letters a longwhile ago."
"yes, i did; but let us not talk about it any more, my dear edith.
i amin great perplexity."
"nay, dear brother, let us talk about it," said alice, who had come upand overheard the latter portion of the conversation.
"what is your perplexity?"
"well," replied edward, "since it is to be so, let us sit down and talkover the matter.
i acknowledge the kindness of mr heatherstone, andfeel that all he asserted to humphrey is true; still i do not like thati should be indebted to him for a property which is mine, and that hehas no right to give.
i acknowledge his generosity, but i do notacknowledge his right of possession.
nay, much as i admire, and i maysay, fond as i am (for time has not effaced the feeling) of hisdaughter, it still appears to me that, although not said, it is expectedthat she is to be included in the transfer; and i will accept no wife onsuch conditions."
"that is to say, because all you wish for, your property and a woman youlove, are offered you in one lot, you will not accept them; they must bedivided, and handed over to you in two!"
said alice, smiling.
"you mistake, dearest; i am not so foolish; but i have a certain pride,which you cannot blame.
accepting the property from mr heatherstone isreceiving a favour, were it given as a marriage portion with hisdaughter.
now, why should i accept as a favour what i can claim as aright?
it is my intention of appealing to the king and demanding therestoration of my property.
he cannot refuse it."
"put not your trust in princes, brother," replied alice.
"i doubt ifthe king, or his council, will consider it advisable to make so manydiscontented as to restore property which has been so long held byothers, and by so doing create a host of enemies.
recollect also thatmr heatherstone and his brother-in-law sir ashley cooper have done theking much more service than you ever have, or can do.
they have beenmost important agents in his restoration, and the king's obligations tothem are much greater than they are to you.
besides, merely for whatmay be called a point of honour, for it is no more, in what anunpleasant situation will you put his majesty!
at all events, edward,recollect you do not know what are the intentions of mr heatherstone;wait and see what he proffers first."
"but, my dear sister, it appears to me that his intentions are evident.
why has he rebuilt arnwood?
he is not going to surrender my propertyand make me a present of the house."
"the reason for rebuilding the mansion was good.
you were at the wars;it was possible that you might or that you might not return.
he saidthis to humphrey, who has all along been acting as his factotum in thebusiness; and recollect, at the time that mr heatherstone commenced therebuilding of the mansion, what prospect was there of the restoration ofthe king, or of your ever being in a position to apply for therestoration of your property?
i believe, however, that humphrey knowsmore of mr heatherstone's intentions than he has made known to us; andi therefore say again, my dear edward, make no application till youascertain what mr heatherstone's intentions may be."
"your advice is good, my dear alice, and i will be guided by it,"replied edward.
"and now let me give you some advice for your friends, masters chalonerand grenville.
that much of their property has been taken away and putinto other hands, i know; and probably they expect it will be restoredupon their application to the king.
those who hold the property thinkso too, and so far it is fortunate.
now, from wiser heads than mine, ihave been told that these applications will not be acceded to, as issupposed; but, at the same time, if they were to meet the parties, andclose with them at once, before the king's intentions are known, theywould recover their property at a third or a quarter of the value.
nowis their time: even a few days' delay may make a difference.
they caneasily obtain a delay for the payment of the moneys.
impress that uponthem, my dear edward, and let them, if possible, be off to their estatesto-morrow and make the arrangements."
"that is advice which must be followed," replied edward.
"we must gonow, and i will not fail to communicate it to them this very night."
we may as well here inform the reader that the advice was immediatelyacted upon, and that chaloner and grenville recovered all their estatesat about five years' purchase.
edward remained at court several days.
he had written to humphrey, andhad despatched a messenger with the letter, but the messenger had notyet returned.
the court was now one continual scene of fetes andgaiety.
on the following day a drawing-room was to be held, andedward's sisters were to be presented.
edward was standing, with manyothers of the suite, behind the chair of the king, amusing himself withthe presentations as they took place, and waiting for the arrival of hissisters.
chaloner and grenville were not with him, they had obtainedleave to go into the country, for the object we have before referredto--when his eyes caught, advancing towards the king, mr heatherstone,who led his daughter patience.
that they had not perceived him wasevident; indeed her eyes were not raised once, from the natural timidityfelt by a young woman in the presence of royalty.
edward half concealedhimself behind one of his companions, that he might gaze upon herwithout reserve.
she was indeed a lovely young person, but littlealtered, except having grown taller and more rounded and perfect in herfigure; and her court-dress displayed proportions which her humblecostume at the new forest had concealed, or which time had not matured.
there was the same pensive sweet expression in her face, which hadaltered little; but the beautiful rounded arms, the symmetrical fall ofthe shoulders, and the proportion of the whole figure, was a surprise tohim; and edward, in his own mind, agreed that she might well be thereigning toast of the day.
mr heatherstone advanced and made his obeisance, and then his daughterwas led forward, and introduced by a lady unknown to edward.
after hehad saluted her, the king said, loud enough for edward to hear--"my obligations to your father are great.
i trust that the daughterwill often grace our court."
patience made no reply, but passed on;and, soon afterwards, edward lost sight of her in the crowd.
if thereever had been any check to edward's feelings towards patience--and timeand absence have their effect upon the most ardent of lovers--the sightof her so resplendent in beauty acted upon him like magic; and he wasuneasy till the ceremony was over, and he was enabled to go to hissisters.
when he entered the room he found himself in the arms of humphrey, whohad arrived with the messenger.
after the greetings were over, edwardsaid--"alice, i have seen patience, and i fear i must surrender at discretion.
mr heatherstone may make his own terms; i must waive all pride ratherthan lose her.
i thought that i had more control over myself; but ihave seen her, and feel that my future happiness depends upon obtainingher as a wife.
let her father but give me her, and arnwood will be buta trifle in addition!"
"with respect to the conditions upon which you are to possess arnwood,"said humphrey, "i can inform you what they are.
they are whollyunshackled, further than that you are to repay by instalments the moneyexpended in the building of the house.
this i am empowered to state toyou, and i think you will allow that mr heatherstone has fully acted upto what he stated were his views when he first obtained a grant of theproperty."
"he has, indeed," replied edward.
"as for his daughter, edward, you have yet to `win her and wear her,' asthe saying is.
her father will resign the property to you as yours byright; but you have no property in his daughter, and i suspect that shewill not be quite so easily handed over to you."
"but why should you say so, humphrey?
have we not been attached fromour youth?"
"yes, it was a youthful passion, i grant; but recollect, nothing came ofit, and years have passed away.
it is now seven years since you quittedthe forest, and in your letters to mr heatherstone you made no remarkupon what had passed between you and patience.
since that, you havenever corresponded or sent any messages; and you can hardly expect thata girl, from the age of seventeen to twenty-four, will cherish the imageof one who, to say the least, had treated her with indifference.
thatis my view of the matter, edward.
it may be wrong."
"and it may be true," replied edward mournfully.
"well, my view is different," replied edith.
"you know, humphrey, howmany offers patience heatherstone has had, and has every day, i may say.
why has she refused them all?
in my opinion, because she has beenconstant to a proud brother of mine, who does not deserve her!"
"it may be so, edith," replied humphrey.
"women are riddles--i onlyargued upon the common sense of the thing."
"much you know about women," replied edith.
"to be sure, you do notmeet many in the new forest, where you have lived all your life."
"very true, my dear sister; perhaps that is the reason that the newforest has had such charms for me."
"after that speech, sir, the sooner you get back again the better!"
but edward made a sign to humphrey, and they beat aretreat.
"have you seen the intendant, humphrey?"
"no; i was about to call upon him, but i wanted to see you first."
"i will go with you.
i have not done him justice," replied edward, "andyet i hardly know how to explain to him--""say nothing, but meet him cordially; that will be explanationsufficient."
"i shall meet him as one whom i shall always revere, and feel that i owea deep debt of gratitude.
what must he think of my not having calledupon him?"
you hold a place at court.
you may not have known that hewas in london, as you have never met him; your coming with me will makeit appear so.
tell him that i have just made known to you his noble anddisinterested conduct."
"you are right--i will.
i fear, however, humphrey, that you are right,and edith wrong, as regards his daughter."
"nay, edward, recollect that i have, as edith observed, passed my lifein the woods."
edward was most kindly received by mr heatherstone.
edward, on mrheatherstone repeating to him his intentions relative to arnwood,expressed his sense of that gentleman's conduct, simply adding--"you may think me impetuous, sir; but i trust you will believe megrateful."
patience coloured up and trembled when edward first saw her.
edward didnot refer to the past for some time after they had renewed theiracquaintance.
he wooed her again, and won her.
then all was explained.
about a year after the restoration there was a fete at hampton court,given in honour of three marriages taking place--edward beverley topatience heatherstone, chaloner to alice, and grenville to edith; and,as his majesty himself said, as he gave away the brides, "could loyaltybe better rewarded?"
but our young readers will not be content if they do not hear someparticulars about the other personages who have appeared in our littlehistory.
humphrey must take the first place.
his love of farmingcontinued.
edward gave him a large farm, rent free; and in a few yearshumphrey saved up sufficient to purchase a property for himself.
hethen married clara ratcliffe, who has not appeared lately on the scene,owing to her having been, about two years before the restoration,claimed by an elderly relation, who lived in the country, and whoseinfirm state of health did not permit him to quit the house.
he lefthis property to clara, about a year after her marriage to humphrey.
thecottage in the new forest was held by, and eventually made over to,pablo, who became a very steady character, and in the course of timemarried a young girl from arnwood, and had a houseful of young gipsies.
oswald, so soon as edward came down to arnwood, gave up his place in thenew forest, and lived entirely with edward as his steward; and phoebealso went to arnwood, and lived to a good old age, in the capacity ofhousekeeper, her temper becoming rather worse than better as sheadvanced in years.
this is all that we have been able to collect relative to the severalparties; and so now we must say farewell.
