i am about to write a very curious history, as the reader will agreewith me when he has read this book.
we have more than one narrativeof people being cast away upon desolate islands, and being left totheir own resources, and no works are perhaps read with moreinterest; but i believe i am the first instance of a boy being leftalone upon an uninhabited island.
such was, however, the case; andnow i shall tell my own story.
my first recollections are, that i was in company with a man uponthis island, and that we walked often along the sea-shore.
it wasrocky and difficult to climb in many parts, and the man used to dragor pull me over the dangerous places.
he was very unkind to me, whichmay appear strange, as i was the only companion that he had; but hewas of a morose and gloomy disposition.
he would sit down squatted inthe corner of our cabin, and sometimes not speak for hours--or hewould remain the whole day looking out at the sea, as if watching forsomething, but what i never could tell; for if i spoke, he would notreply; and if near to him, i was sure to receive a cuff or a heavyblow.
i should imagine that i was about five years old at the timethat i first recollect clearly what passed.
i may have been younger.
i may as well here state what i gathered from him at different times,relative to our being left upon this desolate spot.
it was withdifficulty that i did so; for, generally speaking, he would throw astone at me if i asked questions, that is, if i repeatedly asked themafter he had refused to answer.
it was on one occasion, when he waslying sick, that i gained the information, and that only by refusingto attend him or bring him food and water.
he would be very angry,and say, that when he got well again, he would make me smart for it;but i cared not, for i was then getting strong, whilst he was gettingweaker every day, and i had no love for him, for he had never shownany to me, but always treated me with great severity.
he told me, that about twelve years before (not that i knew what hemeant by a year, for i had never heard the term used by him), anenglish ship (i did not know what a ship was) had been swamped nearthe island, in a heavy gale, and that seven men and one woman hadbeen saved, and all the other people lost.
that the ship had beenbroken into pieces, and that they had saved nothing--that they hadpicked up among the rocks pieces of the wood with which it had beenmade, and had built the cabin in which we lived.
that one had diedafter another, and had been buried (what death or burial meant, i hadno idea at the time), and that i had been born on the island; (howwas i born?
thought i)--that most of them had died before i was twoyears old; and that then, he and my mother were the only two leftbesides me.
my mother had died a few months afterwards.
i was obligedto ask him many questions to understand all this; indeed, i did notunderstand it till long afterwards, although i had an idea of what hewould say.
had i been left with any other person, i should, ofcourse, by conversation, have learnt much; but he never wouldconverse, still less explain.
he called me, boy, and i called him,master.
his inveterate silence was the occasion of my language beingcomposed of very few words; for, except to order me to do this orthat, to procure what was required, he never would converse.
he didhowever mutter to himself, and talk in his sleep, and i used to lieawake and listen, that i might gain information; not at first, butwhen i grew older.
he used to cry out in his sleep constantly.--"ajudgment, a judgment on me for my sins, my heavy sins--god bemerciful!"
but what judgment, or what sin was, or what was god, i didnot then know, although i mused on words repeated so often.
i will now describe the island, and the way in which we lived.
theisland was very small, perhaps not three miles round; it was of rock,and there was no beach nor landing place, the sea washing its sideswith deep water.
it was, as i afterwards discovered, one of the groupof islands to which the peruvians despatch vessels every year tocollect the guano, or refuse of the sea birds which resort to theislands; but the one on which we were was small, and detached somedistance from the others, on which the guano was found in greatprofusion; so that hitherto it had been neglected, and no vessel hadever come near it.
indeed, the other islands were not to be seen fromit except on a very clear day, when they appeared like a cloud ormist on the horizon.
the shores of the island were, moreover, soprecipitous, that there was no landing place, and the eternal wash ofthe ocean would have made it almost impossible for a vessel to havetaken off a cargo.
such was the island upon which i found myself incompany with this man.
our cabin was built of ship-plank and timber,under the shelter of a cliff, about fifty yards from the water; therewas a flat of about thirty yards square in front of it, and from thecliff there trickled down a rill of water, which fell into a hole dugout to collect it, and then found its way over the flat to the rocksbeneath.
the cabin itself was large, and capable of holding many morepeople than had ever lived in it; but it was not too large, as we hadto secure in it our provisions for many months.
there were severalbed-places level with the floor, which were rendered soft enough tolie on, by being filled with the feathers of birds.
furniture therewas none, except two or three old axes, blunted with long use, a tinpannikin, a mess kid and some rude vessels to hold water, cut out ofwood.
on the summit of the island there was a forest of underwood,and the bushes extended some distance down the ravines which led fromthe summit to the shore.
one of my most arduous tasks was to climbthese ravines and collect wood, but fortunately a fire was not oftenrequired.
the climate was warm all the year round, and there seldomwas a fall of rain; when it did fall, it was generally expended onthe summit of the island, and did not reach us.
at a certain periodof the year, the birds came to the island in numberless quantities tobreed, and their chief resort was some tolerably level ground--indeed, in many places, it was quite level with the accumulation ofguano--which ground was divided from the spot where our cabin wasbuilt by a deep ravine.
on this spot, which might perhaps containabout twenty acres or more, the sea birds would sit upon their eggs,not four inches apart from each other, and the whole surface of thistwenty acres would be completely covered with them.
there they wouldremain from the time of the laying of the eggs, until the young oneswere able to leave the nests and fly away with them.
at the seasonwhen the birds were on the island, all was gaiety, bustle, and noise,but after their departure it was quiet and solitude.
i used to longfor their arrival, and was delighted with the animation whichgladdened the island, the male birds diving in every direction afterfish, wheeling and soaring in the air, and uttering loud cries, whichwere responded to by their mates on the nests.
but it was also our harvest time; we seldom touched the old birds,as they were not in flesh, but as soon as the young ones were withina few days of leaving the nests, we were then busy enough.
in spiteof the screaming and the flapping of their wings in our faces, andthe darting their beaks at our eyes, of the old birds, as we robbedthem of their progeny, we collected hundreds every day, and bore asheavy a load as we could carry across the ravine to the platform infront of our cabin, where we busied ourselves in skinning them,splitting them, and hanging them out to dry in the sun.
the air ofthe island was so pure that no putrefaction ever took place, andduring the last fortnight of the birds coming on the island, we hadcollected a sufficiency for our support until their return on thefollowing year.
as soon as they were quite dry they were packed up ina corner of the cabin for use.
these birds were, it may be said, the only produce of the island,with the exception of fish, and the eggs taken at the time of theirfirst making their nests.
fish were to be taken in large quantities.
it was sufficient to put a line over the rocks, and it had hardlytime to go down a fathom before anything at the end of it was seized.
indeed, our means of taking them were as simple as their voracity wasgreat.
our lines were composed of the sinews of the legs of theman-of-war birds, as i afterwards heard them named; and, as these wereonly about a foot long, it required a great many of them knottedtogether to make a line.
at the end of the line was a bait fixed overa strong fish-bone, which was fastened to the line by the middle; ahalf-hitch of the line round one end kept the bone on a parallel withthe line until the bait was seized, when the line being taughtened,the half-hitch slipped off and the bone remained crossways in thegullet of the fish, which was drawn up by it.
simple as thiscontrivance was, it answered as well as the best hook, of which i hadnever seen one at that time.
the fish were so strong and large, that,when i was young, the man would not allow me to attempt to catchthem, lest they should pull me into the water; but, as i grew bigger,i could master them.
such was our food from one year's end to theother; we had no variety, except when occasionally we broiled thedried birds or the fish upon the embers, instead of eating them driedby the sun.
our raiment, such as it was, we were also indebted to thefeathered tribe for.
the birds were skinned with the feathers on, andtheir skins sewn together with sinews, and a fish-bone by way of aneedle.
these garments were not very durable, but the climate was sofine that we did not suffer from the cold at any season of the year.
i used to make myself a new dress every year when the birds came; butby the time that they returned, i had little left of my last year'ssuit, the fragments of which might be found among the rocky and steepparts of the ravine where we used to collect firing.
living such a life, with so few wants, and those periodically andeasily supplied, hardly varied from one year's end to another, it mayeasily be imagined that i had but few ideas.
i might have had more,if my companion had not been of such a taciturn and morose habit; asit was, i looked at the wide ocean, and the sky, and the sun, moon,and stars, wondering, puzzled, afraid to ask questions, and endingall by sleeping away a large portion of my existence.
we had no toolsexcept the old ones, which were useless--no employment of any kind.
there was a book, and i asked what it was for and what it was, but igot no answer.
it remained upon the shelf, for if i looked at it iwas ordered away, and at last i regarded it with a sort of fear, asif it were a kind of incomprehensible animal.
the day was passed inidleness and almost silence; perhaps not a dozen sentences wereexchanged in the twenty-four hours.
my companion always the same,brooding over something which appeared ever to occupy his thoughts,and angry if roused up from his reverie.
the reader must understand that the foregoing remarks are to beconsidered as referring to my position and amount of knowledge when iwas seven or eight years old.
my master, as i called him, was a shortsquare-built man, about sixty years of age, as i afterwards estimatedfrom recollection and comparison.
his hair fell down his back inthick clusters and was still of a dark color, and his beard was fulltwo feet long and very bushy; indeed, he was covered with hair,wherever his person was exposed.
he was, i should say, very powerfulhad he had occasion to exert his strength, but with the exception ofthe time at which we collected the birds, and occasionally going upthe ravine to bring down faggots of wood, he seldom moved out of thecabin unless it was to bathe.
there was a pool of salt water of abouttwenty yards square, near the sea, but separated from it by a lowridge of rocks, over which the waves only beat when the sea was roughand the wind on that side of the island.
every morning almost we wentdown to bathe in that pool, as it was secure from the sharks, whichwere very numerous.
i could swim like a fish as early as i canrecollect, but whether i was taught, or learnt myself, i cannot tell.
thus was my life passed away; my duties were trifling; i had littleor nothing to employ myself about, for i had no means of employment.
i seldom heard the human voice, and became as taciturn as mycompanion.
my amusements were equally confined--looking down into thedepths of the ocean, as i lay over the rocky wall which girded themajor portion of the island, and watching the motions of the finnytribes below, wondering at the stars during the night season, eating,and sleeping.
thus did i pass away an existence without pleasure andwithout pain.
as for what my thoughts were i can hardly say, myknowledge and my ideas were too confined for me to have any food forthought.
i was little better than a beast of the field, that liesdown on the pasture after he is filled.
there was one great source ofinterest however, which was, to listen to the sleeping talk of mycompanion, and i always looked forward to the time when the nightfell and we repaired to our beds.
i would lie awake for hours,listening to his ejaculations and murmured speech, trying in vain tofind out some meaning in what he would say--but i gained little; hetalked of "that woman"--appearing to be constantly with other men,and muttering about something he had hidden away.
one night, when themoon was shining bright, he sat up in his bed, which, as i havebefore said, was on the floor of the cabin, and throwing aside thefeathers upon which he had been lying, scratched the mould away belowthem and lifted up a piece of board.
after a minute he replacedeverything, and lay down again.
he evidently was sleeping during thewhole time.
here, at last, was something to feed my thoughts with.
ihad heard him say in his sleep that he had hidden something--thismust be the hiding place.
what was it?
perhaps i ought here toobserve that my feelings towards this man were those of positivedislike, if not hatred; i never had received one kind word or deedfrom him, that i could recollect.
harsh and unfeeling towards me,evidently looking upon me with ill-will, and only suffering mebecause i saved him some trouble, and perhaps because he wished tohave a living thing for his companion,--his feelings towards me werereciprocated by mine towards him.
what age i was at the time mymother died, i know not, but i had some faint recollection of one whotreated me with kindness and caresses, and these recollections becamemore forcible in my dreams, when i saw a figure very different fromthat of my companion (a female figure) hanging over me or leading meby the hand.
how i used to try to continue those dreams, by closingmy eyes again after i had woke up!
and yet i knew not that they hadbeen brought about by the dim recollection of my infancy; i knew notthat the figure that appeared to me was the shadow of my mother; buti loved the dreams because i was treated kindly in them.
but a change took place by the hand of providence.
one day, after wehad just laid in our yearly provision of sea birds, i was busyarranging the skins of the old birds, on the flat rock, for my annualgarment, which was joined together something like a sack, with holesfor the head and arms to pass through; when, as i looked to seaward,i saw a large white object on the water.
"look, master," said i, pointing towards it.
"a ship, a ship!"
cried my companion.
"oh," thought i, "that is a ship; i recollect that he said they camehere in a ship."
i kept my eyes on her, and she rounded to.
"is she alive?"
"you're a fool," said the man; "come and help me to pile up thiswood that we may make a signal to her.
go and fetch some water andthrow on it, that there may be plenty of smoke.
thank god, i mayleave this cursed hole at last!"
i hardly understood him, but i went for the water and brought it inthe mess kid.
"i want more wood yet," said he.
"her head is this way, and she willcome nearer."
"then she is alive," said i.
said he, giving me a cuff on the head; "get some morewater and throw on the wood."
he then went into the cabin to strike a light, which he obtained bya piece of iron and flint, with some fine dry moss for tinder.
whilehe was so employed, my eyes were fixed on the vessel, wondering whatit could be.
it moved through the water, turned this way and that.
"it must be alive," thought i; "is it a fish or a bird?"
as i watchedthe vessel, the sun was going down and there was not more than anhour's daylight.
the wind was very light and variable, whichaccounted for the vessel so often altering her course.
my companioncame out with his hands full of smoking tinder, and putting it underthe wood, was busy blowing it into a flame.
the wood was soon setfire to, and the smoke ascended several feet into the air.
"they'll see that," said he.
"what then, it has eyes?
it must be alive.
does it mind the wind?"
inquired i, having no answer to my first remark, "for look there, thelittle clouds are coming up fast," and i pointed to the horizon,where some small clouds were rising up and which were, as i knew fromexperience and constantly watching the sky, a sign of a short butviolent gale, or tornado, of which we usually had one, if not two, atthis season of the year.
"yes; confound it," replied my companion, grinding his teeth, "itwill blow her off!
that's my luck."
in the meantime, the smoke ascended in the air and the vesselapproached nearer and nearer, until she was within, i suppose, twomiles of the island, and then it fell quite calm.
my companion threwmore water on to increase the smoke, and the vessel now hauling upher courses, i perceived that there were people on board, and while iwas arranging my ideas as to what the vessel might be, my companioncried out--"they see us, they see us!
there's hope now.
confound it,i've been here long enough.
hurrah for old england!"
and he commenceddancing and capering about like a madman.
at last he said,"look out and see if she sends a boat, while i go into the cabin."
"what's a boat?"
"out, you fool!
tell me if you see anything,""yes, i do see something," replied i.
"look at the squall comingalong the water, it will be here very soon; and see how thick theclouds are getting up: we shall have as much wind and rain as we hadthe time before last, when the birds came."
"confound it," replied he, "i wish they'd lower a boat, at allevents;" and so saying, he went into the cabin, and i perceived thathe was busy at his bed-place.
my eyes were still fixed upon the squall, as i watched it advancingat a furious speed on the surface of the water; at first it was adeep black line on the horizon, but as it approached the vessel, itchanged to white; the surface of the water was still smooth.
theclouds were not more than ten degrees above the horizon, althoughthey were thick and opaque--but at this season of the year, thesetornadoes, as i may call them, visited us; sometimes we had one,sometimes more, and it was only when these gusts came on that we hadany rain below.
on board of the vessel--i speak now from my afterknowledge--they did not appear to be aware of the danger; the sailswere all set and flapping against the masts.
at last, i perceived asmall object close to the vessel; this i presumed was the boat whichmy companion looked for.
it was like a young vessel close to the oldone, but i said nothing; as i was watching and wondering what effectthe rising wind would have upon her, for the observations of mycompanion had made me feel that it was important.
after a time, iperceived that the white sails were disappearing, and that the formsof men were very busy, and moving on board, and the boat went back tothe side of the vessel.
the fact is, they had not perceived thesquall until it was too late, for in another moment almost, i sawthat the vessel bowed down to the fury of the gale, and after that,the mist was so great that i couldn't see her any more.
"is she sending a boat, boy?"
cried my companion.
"i can't see her," replied i; "for she is hidden by the wind."
as i said this, the tornado reached to where we stood, and threw meoff my legs to the entrance of the cabin; and with the wind came downa torrent of rain, which drenched us, and the clouds covered thewhole of the firmament, which became dark; the lightning darted inevery direction, with peals of thunder which were deafening.
icrawled into the cabin, into which the rain beat in great fury andflowed out again in a small river.
my companion sat near me, lowering and silent.
for two hours thetornado lasted without interruption; the sun had set, and thedarkness was opaque.
it was impossible to move against the force ofthe wind and the deluge of water which descended.
speak, we did not,but shut our eyes against the lightning, and held our fingers to ourears to deaden the noise of the thunder, which burst upon us in themost awful manner.
my companion groaned at intervals, whether fromfear, i know not; i had no fear, for i did not know the danger, orthat there was a god to judge the earth.
gradually the fury of the gale abated, the rain was only heavy atintervals, and we could now hear the beating of the waves, as theydashed against the rocks beneath us.
the sky also cleared up alittle, and we could dimly discern the white foam of the breakers.
icrawled out of the cabin, and stood upon the platform in front,straining my eyes to see the vessel.
a flash of lightning, for asecond, revealed her to me; she was dismasted, rolling in the awfulbreakers, which bore her down upon the high rocks, not a quarter of amile from her.
"there it is," exclaimed i, as the disappearance of the lightningleft me in darkness, more opaque than ever.
"she's done for," growled my companion, who, i was not till thenaware, stood by my side.
"no hopes this time, confound it!"
then hecontinued for some time to curse and swear awfully, as i afterwardsdiscovered, for i did not then know what was cursing and swearing.
"there she is again," said i, as another flash of lightning revealedthe position of the vessel.
"yes, and she won't be there long; in five minutes she'll be dashedto atoms, and every soul perish."
"what are souls?"
inquired i.my companion gave me no reply.
"i will go down to the rocks," said i, "and see what goes on."
"go," said he, "and share their fate."
i left him, and commenced a careful descent of the precipices bywhich we were surrounded, but, before i had gone fifty paces, anotherflash of lightning was followed up by a loud shriek, which arrestedmy steps.
where the noise came from, i could not tell, but i heard mycompanion calling to me to come back.
i obeyed him, and found himstanding where i had left him.
"you called me, master?"
"yes, i did; take my hand, and lead me to the cabin."
i obeyed him, wondering why he asked me so to do.
he gained his bed-place,and threw himself down on it.
"bring the kid full of water," said he--"quick!"
i brought it, and he bathed his head and face.
after a time, hethrew himself back upon the bed-place, and groaned heavily.
it's all over with me," said he at last.
"i shall live anddie in this cursed hole."
"what's the matter, master?"
said i.he gave me no answer, but lay groaning and occasionally cursing.
after a time, he was still, and then i went out again.
the tornadowas now over, and the stars were to be seen here and there, but stillthe wind was strong and the wild clouds flew fast.
the shores of theisland were one mass of foam, which was dashed high in the air andfell upon the black rocks.
i looked for the vessel, and could seenothing--the day was evidently dawning, and i sat down and waited itscoming.
my companion was apparently asleep, for he lay without motionor noise.
that some misfortune had happened, i was convinced, butwhat, i knew not, and i passed a long time in conjecture, dividing mythoughts between him and the vessel.
at last the daylight appeared--theweather was moderating fast, although the waves still beat furiouslyagainst the rocky shore.
i could see nothing of the vessel, and idescended the path, now slippery and insecure from the heavy fall ofrain, and went as near to the edge of the rocks as the breaking billowswould permit.
i walked along, occasionally drenched by the spray,until i arrived where i had last seen the vessel.
the waves weredashing and tossing about, as if in sport, fragments of timber, casks,and spars; but that was all i could see, except a mast and rigging,which lay alongside of the rocks, sometimes appearing above themon the summit of the waves, then descending far out of my sight, fori dared not venture near enough to the edge to look over.
"then thevessel is dashed to pieces, as my companion said," thought i.
"i wonderhow she was made."
i remained about an hour on the rocks, and thenturned back to the cabin.
i found my companion awake, and groaningheavily.
"there is no ship," said i, "nothing but pieces of wood floatingabout."
"i know that," replied he; "but what do i care now?"
"i thought by your making a smoke, that you did care."
"yes, i did then, but now i am blind, i shall never see a ship oranything else again.
god help me!
i shall die and rot on this cursedisland."
"blind, what is blind?"
"the lightning has burned out my eyes, and i can see nothing--icannot help myself--i cannot walk about--i cannot do anything, and isuppose you will leave me here to die like a dog."
"can't you see me?"
"no, all is dark, dark as night, and will be as long as i live."
andhe turned on his bed-place and groaned.
"i had hope, i lived in hope--it has kept me alive for many weary years, but now hope is gone, andi care not if i die to-morrow."
and then he started up and turned his face towards me, and i sawthat there was no light in his eyes.
"bring me some more water, do you hear?"
said he, angrily.
"bequick, or i'll make you."
but i now fully comprehended his condition, and how powerless hewas.
my feelings, as i have before said, were anything but cordialtowards him, and this renewed violence and threatening manner had itseffect.
i was now, i suppose, about twelve or thirteen years old--strong and active.
i had more than once felt inclined to rebel, andmeasure my strength against his.
irritated, therefore, at his angrylanguage, i replied--"go for the water yourself."
sighed he, after a pause of some seconds, "that i might haveexpected.
but let me once get you into my hands, i'll make youremember it."
"i care not if i were in your hands," replied i; "i am as strong asyou."
for i had thought so many a day, and meant to prove it.
well, come here, and let us try."
"no, no," replied i; "i'm not such a fool as you say i am--not thati'm afraid of you; for i shall have an axe in my hand always ready,and you will not find another."
"i wish that i had tossed you over the cliffs when you were achild," said he, bitterly, "instead of nursing you and bringing youup."
"then why have you not been kind to me?
as far back as i canremember you have always treated me ill; you have made me work foryou; and yet never even spoken kindly to me.
i have wanted to knowthings, and you have never answered my questions, but called me afool, and told me to hold my tongue.
you have made me hate you, andyou have often told me how you hated me--you know you have."
"it's true, quite true," replied he, as if talking to himself.
"ihave done all that he says, and i have hated him.
but i have hadcause.
come here, boy."
"no," replied i; "do you come here.
you have been master, and i havebeen boy, long enough.
now i am master and you are boy, and you shallfind it so."
having said this, i walked out of the cabin and left him.
he criedout, "don't leave me," but i heeded him not, and sat down at the edgeof the fiat ledge of the rock before the cabin.
looking at the whitedancing waves, and deep in my own thoughts, i considered a long whilehow i should behave towards him.
i did not wish him to die, as i knewhe must if i left him.
he could not obtain water from the rillwithout a great chance of falling over the cliff.
in fact, i was nowfully aware of his helpless state; to prove it to myself, i rose andshut my own eyes; tried if i could venture to move on such dangerousground, and i felt sure that i could not.
he was then in my power; hecould do nothing; he must trust to me for almost everything.
i hadsaid, let what would follow, i would be master and he boy; but thatcould not be, as i must still attend upon him, or he would die.
atlast the thought came suddenly upon me--i will be master,nevertheless, for now he shall answer me all my questions, tell meall he knows, or he shall starve.
he is in my power.
he shall now dowhat i have ever tried to make him do, and he has ever refused.
having thus arranged my plans, i returned to the cabin, and said tohim:"hear what i say--i will be kind to you, and not leave you tostarve, if you will do what i ask."
"and what is that?"
"for a long while i have asked you many questions, and you haverefused to answer them.
instead of telling me what i would know, youhave beaten or thrown stones at me, called me names, and threatenedme.
i now give you your choice--either you shall promise to answerevery question that i put to you, or you may live how you can, for ishall leave you to help yourself.
if you do as i wish, i will do alli can to help you, but if you will not, thank yourself for what mayhappen.
recollect, i am master now; so take your choice."
"well," replied he slowly, "it's a judgment upon me, and i mustagree to it.
i will do what you wish."
"well, then, to begin," said i, "i have often asked you what yourname was, and what was mine.
i must call you something, and master iwill not, for i am master now.
what is your name?"
he groaned, ground his teeth, and then said, "edward jackson."
very well; and my name?"
"no, i cannot bear the name.
i cannot say it," replied he, angrily.
"be it so," replied i.
"then i leave you."
"will you bring me some water for my eyes?
they burn," said he.
"no, i will not, nor anything else, unless you tell me my name."
"frank henniker--and curses on it."
well, now you shall have the water."
i went out, filled a kid, and put it by his side,"there is the water, jackson; if you want anything, call me.
i shallbe outside."
"i have gained the mastery," thought i,--"it will be my turn now.
hedon't like to answer, but he shall, or he shall starve.
why does hefeel so angry at my name?
what is the meaning of henniker,i wonder?
i will make him tell me.
yes, he shall tell me everything."
i may here observe, that as for pity and compassion, i did not knowsuch feelings.
i had been so ill-treated, that i only felt that mightwas right; and this right i determined upon exercising to the utmost.
i felt an inconceivable pleasure at the idea of my being the master,and he the boy.
i felt the love of power, the pride of superiority.
ithen revolved in my mind the daily task which i would set him, beforehe should receive his daily sustenance.
he should talk now as much asi pleased, for i was the master.
i had been treated as a slave, and iwas now fully prepared to play the tyrant.
mercy and compassion iknew not.
i had never seen them called forth, and i felt them not.
isat down on the flat rock for some time, and then it occurred to methat i would turn the course of the water which fell into the hole atthe edge of the cliff; so that if he crawled there, he would not beable to obtain any.
i did so, and emptied the hole.
the water was nowonly to be obtained by climbing up, and it was out of his power toobtain a drop.
food, of course, he could obtain, as the dried birdswere all piled up at the farther end of the cabin, and i could notwell remove them; but what was food without water?
i was turning inmy mind what should be the first question to put to him; and i haddecided that i would have a full and particular account of how thevessel had been wrecked on the island, and who were my father andmother, and why i was named henniker--when i was roused by hearingjackson (as i shall in future call him) crying out, "boy, boy!"
"boy,indeed," thought i--"no longer boy," and i gave no reply.
again hecalled, and at last he cried out, "henniker," but i had been ruffledby his calling me boy, and i would not answer him.
at last he fairlyscreamed my name, and then was silent.
after a moment, i perceivedthat he crawled out of his bed-place, and feeling by the sides of thecabin, contrived on his hands and knees to crawl in the direction ofthe hole into which the water had previously been received; and ismiled at what i knew would be his disappointment when he arrivedthere.
he did so at last: put his hand to feel the edge of the hole,and then down into it to feel for the water; and when he found thatthere was none, he cursed bitterly, and i laughed at his vexation.
hethen felt all the way down where the water had fallen, and found thatthe course of it had been stopped, and he dared not attempt anythingfurther.
he dashed his clenched hand against the rock.
that ihad him in this grasp--if it were but for one moment.
i would notcare if i died the next."
"i do not doubt you," replied i to him, above, "but you have not gotme in your hands, and you will not.
go in to bed directly--quick,"cried i, throwing a piece of rock at him, which hit him on the head.
"crawl back as fast as you can, you fool, or i'll send another atyour head directly.
i'll tame you, as you used to say to me."
the blow on the head appeared to have confused him; but after a timehe crawled back to his bed-place, and threw himself down with a heavygroan.
i then went down to the water's edge to see if i could find anythingfrom the wreck, for the water was smooth, and no longer washed overthe rocks of the island.
except fragments of wood, i perceivednothing until i arrived at the pool where we were accustomed tobathe; and i found that the sea had thrown into it two articles oflarge dimensions--one was a cask of the size of a puncheon, which layin about a foot of water farthest from the seaward; and the other wasa seaman's chest.
what these things were i did not then know, and iwish the reader to recollect that a great portion of this narrativeis compiled from after knowledge.
the cask was firm in the sand, andi could not move it.
the chest was floating; i hauled it on the rockswithout difficulty, and then proceeded to open it.
it was some timebefore i could discover how, for i had never seen a lock, or a hingein my life; but at last, finding that the lid was the only portion ofthe chest which yielded, i contrived, with a piece of rock, to breakit open.
i found in it a quantity of seamen's clothes, upon which iput no value; but some of the articles i immediately comprehended theuse of, and they filled me with delight.
there were two new tinpannikins, and those would hold water.
there were three empty winebottles, a hammer, a chisel, gimlet, and some other tools, also threeor four fishing-lines many fathoms long.
but what pleased me mostwere two knives, one shutting up, with a lanyard sheath to wear roundthe waist; and the other an american long knife, in a sheath, whichis usually worn by them in the belt.
now, three or four years back,jackson had the remains of a clasp knife--that is, there was about aninch of the blade remaining--and this, as may be supposed, he valuedvery much; indeed, miserable as the article was, in our destitutestate it was invaluable.
this knife he had laid on the rock when fishing, and it had beendragged into the sea as his line ran out; and he was for many daysinconsolable for its loss.
we had used it for cutting open the birdswhen we skinned them, and, indeed this remains of a knife had beenalways in request.
since the loss of it, we had had hard work to getthe skins off the birds; i therefore well knew the value of theseknives, which i immediately secured.
the remainder of the articles inthe chest, which was quite full, i laid upon the rocks, with theclothes, to dry; of most of them i did not know the use, andconsequently did not prize them at the time.
it was not untilafterwards, when i had taken them to my companion, that i learnedtheir value.
i may as well here observe, that amongst these articleswere two books, and, from the positive commands of my companion, notto touch the book in the cabin, i looked upon them with a degree ofawe, and hesitated upon taking them in my hand; but, at last, i putthem out to dry on the rocks, with the rest of the contents of thechest.
i felt the knives, the blades were sharp; i put the lanyard of theclasp knife round my neck; the sheath knife, which was a formidableweapon, i made fast round my waist, with a piece of the fishinglines, which i cut off; and i then turned my steps towards the cabin,as night was coming on, though the moon was high in the heavens, andshining brightly.
on my return, i found jackson in his bed-place; heheard me come in, and asked me, in a quiet tone, whether i wouldbring him some water?
i answered,"no, that i would not, for what he had said about me, and what hewould do, if he got me into his power.
i'll tame you," cried i.
"i'mmaster now, as you shall find."
"you may be," replied he, quickly, "but still, that is no reason whyyou should not let me have some water.
did i ever prevent you fromhaving water?"
"you never had to fetch it for me," i rejoined, "or you would nothave taken the trouble.
what trouble would you take for me, if i wereblind now, and not you?
i should become of no use to you, and youwould leave me to die.
you only let me live that you might make mework for you, and beat me cruelly.
it's my turn now--you're the boy,and i'm the master."
the reader must remember that i did not know the meaning of the word"boy"; my idea of it was, that it was in opposition to "master," andboy, with me, had the same idea as the word "slave."
"be it so," replied he, calmly.
"i shall not want water long."
there was a quietness about jackson which made me suspect him, andthe consequence was, that although i turned into my bed-place, whichwas on the ground at the side of the cabin opposite to his, i did notfeel inclined to go to sleep, but remained awake, thinking of whathad passed.
it was towards morning when i heard him move; my facebeing turned that way, i had no occasion to stir to watch hismotions.
he crept very softly out of his bed-place towards me,listening, and advancing on his knees, not more than a foot every tenseconds.
"you want me in your grasp," thought i, "come along," and idrew my american knife from its sheath, without noise, and awaitedhis approach, smiling at the surprise he would meet with.
i allowedhim to come right up to me; he felt the side of my bed, and thenpassed his right hand over to seize me.
i caught his right hand withmy left, and passing the knife across his wrist, more than halfdivided it from his arm.
he gave a shriek of surprise and pain, andfell back.
"he has a knife," exclaimed he, with surprise, holding his severedwrist with the other hand.
"yes, he has a knife, and more than one," replied i, "and you seethat he knows how to use it.
will you come again?
or will you believethat i'm master?"
"if you have any charity or mercy, kill me at once," said he, as hesat up in the moonlight, in the centre of the floor of the cabin.
"charity and mercy," said i, "what are they?
i never heard of them."
no," replied he, "i have shewed none--it's a judgment on me--a judgment on me for my many sins; lord, forgive me!
first my eyes,now my right hand useless.
what next, o lord of heaven?"
"why, your other hand next," replied i, "if you try it again."
jackson made no reply.
he attempted to crawl back to his bed, but,faint with loss of blood, he dropped senseless on the floor of thecabin.
i looked at him, and satisfied that he would make no moreattempts upon me, i turned away, and fell fast asleep.
in about twohours, i awoke, and looking round, perceived him lying on the floor,where he had fallen the night before.
i went to him and examined him--was he asleep, or was he dead?
he lay in a pool of blood.
i felt him,and he was quite warm.
it was a ghastly cut on his wrist, and ithought, if he is dead, he will never tell me what i want to know.
iknew that he bound up cuts to stop the blood.
i took some feathersfrom the bed, and put a handful on the wound.
after i had done it, ibound his wrist up with a piece of fishing-line i had taken to securethe sheath knife round my waist, and then i went for some water.
ipoured some down his throat; this revived him, and he opened his eyes.
"where am i?"
said he faintly.
"where are you?--why, in the cabin," said i.
"give me some more water."
i did so, for i did not wish to kill him.
i wanted him to live, andto be in my power.
after drinking the water he roused himself, andcrawled back to his bed-place.
i left him then, and went down to bathe.
the reader may exclaim--what a horrid tyrant this boy is--why, he isas bad as his companion.
exactly--i was so--but let the readerreflect that i was made so by education.
from the time that i couldfirst remember, i had been tyrannised over; cuffed, kicked, abusedand ill-treated.
i had never known kindness.
most truly was thequestion put by me, "charity and mercy--what are they?"
i never heardof them.
an american indian has kind feelings--he is hospitable andgenerous--yet, educated to inflict, and receive, the severesttortures to and from, his enemies, he does the first with the mostsavage and vindictive feelings, and submits to the latter withindifference and stoicism.
he has, indeed, the kindlier feelings ofhis nature exercised; still, this changes him not.
he has been fromearliest infancy brought up to cruelty, and he cannot feel that it iswrong.
now, my position was worse.
i had never seen the softerfeelings of our nature called into play; i knew nothing but tyrannyand oppression, hatred and vengeance.
it was therefore not surprisingthat, when my turn came, i did to others as i had been done by.
jackson had no excuse for his treatment of me, whereas, i had everyexcuse for retaliation.
he did know better, i did not.
i followed theways of the world in the petty microcosm in which i had been placed.
i knew not of mercy, of forgiveness, charity, or goodwill.
i knew notthat there was a god; i only knew that might was right, and the mostpleasurable sensation which i felt, was that of anxiety forvengeance, combined with the consciousness of power.
after i had bathed, i again examined the chest and its contents.
ilooked at the books without touching them.
"i must know what thesemean," thought i, "and i will know."
my thirst for knowledge wascertainly most remarkable, in a boy of my age; i presume for thesimple reason, that we want most what we cannot obtain; and jacksonhaving invariably refused to enlighten me on any subject, i becamemost anxious and impatient to satisfy the longing which increasedwith my growth.
for three days did jackson lie on his bed; i supplied him withwater, but he did not eat anything.
he groaned heavily at times, andtalked much to himself, and i heard him ask forgiveness of god, andpardon for his sins.
i noted this down for an explanation.
on thethird day, he said to me,"henniker, i am very ill. i have a fever coming on, from the woundyou have given me.
i do not say that i did not deserve it, for i did,and i know that i have treated you ill, and that you must hate me,but the question is, do you wish me to die?"
"no," replied i; "i want you to live, and answer all my questions,and you shall do so."
"i will do so," replied he.
"i have done wrong, and i will makeamends.
do you understand me?
i mean to say, that i have been verycruel to you, and now i will do all you wish, and answer everyquestion you may put to me, as well as i can."
"that is what i want," replied i.
"i know it is, but my wound is festering and must be washed anddressed.
the feathers make it worse.
will you do this for me?"
i thought a little, and recollected that he was still in my power,as he could not obtain water.
i replied, "yes, i will."
"the cord hurts it, you must take it off."
i fetched the kid of water, and untied the cord, and took away thefeathers, which had matted together with the flow of blood, and theni washed the wound carefully.
looking into the wound, my desire ofinformation induced me to say, "what are these little white cords,which are cut through?"
"they are the sinews and tendons," replied he, "by which we areenabled to move our hands and fingers; now these are cut through, ishall not have the use of my hand again."
"stop a moment," said i, rising up, "i have just thought ofsomething."
i ran down to the point where the chest lay, took a shirtfrom the rock, and brought it back with me, and tearing it intostrips, i bandaged the wound.
"where did you get that linen?"
i told him.
"and you got the knife there, too," said he, with a sigh.
i repliedin the affirmative.
as soon as i had finished, he told me he was much easier, and said,"i thank you."
"what is i thank you?"
"it means that i am grateful for what you have done."
"and what is grateful?"
inquired i again.
"you never said thosewords to me before."
"alas, no," replied he; "it had been better if i had.
i mean that ifeel kindly towards you, for having bound up my wound, and would doanything for you if i had the power.
it means, that if i had myeyesight, as i had a week ago, and was master, as i then was, that iwould not kick nor beat you, but be kind to you.
do you understand me?"
"yes," replied i, "i think i do; and if you tell me all i want toknow i shall believe you."
"that i will as soon as i am well enough; but now i am too ill--youmust wait a day or two, till the fever has left me."
satisfied with jackson's promise, i tended him carefully, and washedand dressed his wound for the two following days.
he said that hefelt himself much better, and his language to me was so kind andconciliatory, that i hardly knew what to make of it; but this iscertain, that it had a good effect upon me, and gradually the hatredand ill-will that i bore to him wore off, and i found myself handlinghim tenderly, and anxious not to give him more pain than wasnecessary, yet without being aware that i was prompted by betterfeelings.
it was on the third morning that he said,--"i can talk to you now; what do you want to know?"
"i want to know the whole story of how we came to this island, whomy father and mother were, and why you said that you hated me and myname?"
"that," said jackson, after a silence of a few minutes, "will takesome time.
i could soon tell it you if it were not for the lastquestion,--why i hated your name?
but the history of your father isso mixed up with mine, that i cannot well tell one without the other.
i may as well begin with my own history, and that will be telling youboth."
"then tell it me," replied i, "and do not tell me what is not true."
"no; i will tell you exactly what it was," replied jackson; "you mayas well know it as not.--your father and i were both born in england,which you know is your country by birth, and you also know that thelanguage we talk is english."
"i did not know it.
tell me something about england before you sayany more."
i will not trouble the reader with jackson's description of england,or the many questions which i put to him.
it was night-fall before hehad finished answering, and before i was satisfied with theinformation imparted.
i believe that he was very glad to hold histongue, for he complained of being tired, and i dressed his wound andwetted the bandage with cold water for him before he went to sleep.
i can hardly describe to the reader the effect which thisuninterrupted flow of language had upon me; i was excited in a verystrange way, and for many nights after could not sleep for hours.
imay say here, i did not understand a great proportion of the meaningof the words used by jackson; but i gathered it from the context, asi could not always be interrupting him.
it is astonishing how fast ideas breed ideas, and how a word, themeaning of which i did not understand when it was first used, becameby repetition clear and intelligible; not that i always put the rightconstruction on it, but if i did not find it answer when used atanother time to my former interpretation of it, i would then ask andobtain an explanation.
this did not however occur very often.
as forthis first night, i was positively almost drunk with words, andremained nearly the whole of it arranging and fixing the new ideasthat i had acquired.
my feelings towards jackson also were changed--that is, i no longer felt hatred or ill-will against him.
these wereswallowed up in the pleasure which he had afforded me, and i lookedupon him as a treasure beyond all price,--not but that many oldfeelings towards him returned at intervals, for they were not soeasily disposed of, but still i would not for the world have lost himuntil i had obtained from him all possible knowledge; and if hiswound did not look well when i removed the bandage, i was much moredistressed than he was.
indeed, there was every prospect of ourultimately being friends, from our mutual dependence on each other.
it was useless on his part, in his present destitute condition, tonourish feelings of animosity against one on whose good offices hewas now so wholly dependant, or on my part, against one who wascreating for me, i may say, new worlds for imagination and thought todwell on.
on the following morning, jackson narrated in substance (asnear as i can recollect) as follows:--"i was not intended for a sailor.
i was taught at a good school, andwhen i was ten years old, i was put into a house of business as aclerk, where i remained at the desk all day long, copying intoledgers and day-books, in fact, writing what was required of me.
thishouse was connected with the south american trade."
"where is south america?"
"you had better let me tell my story," replied jackson, "and after ihave done, you can ask any questions you like, but if you stop me, itwill take a week to finish it; yesterday we lost the whole day."
"that's very true," replied i, "then i will do so."
"there were two other clerks in the counting-house--the head clerk,whose name was manvers, and your father, who was in the counting-housebut a few months before me.
our master, whose name was evelyn, wasvery particular with both your father and myself, scanning ourwork daily, and finding fault when we deserved it.
this occasioned arivalry between us, which made us both very active, and i receivedpraise quite as often as he did.
on sunday, mr evelyn used to askyour father and me to spend the day.
we went to church in theforenoon and dined with him.
he had a daughter a little younger thanwe were.
she was your mother.
both of us, as we grew up, were veryattentive to her, and anxious to be in her good graces.
i cannot saywhich was preferred at first, but i rather think that if anything iwas the favourite, during the first two years of our being acquaintedwith her.
i was more lively and a better companion than your father,who was inclined to be grave and thoughtful.
we had been about fouryears in the counting-house, when my mother died--my father had beendead some time before i went into it--and at her death i found myshare of her property to amount to about l2500.
but i was not yettwenty-one years of age.
i could not receive it for another year.
mrevelyn, who had till then every reason to be satisfied with myconduct, used to joke with me, and say that as soon as i was of age,he would allow me, if i chose it, to put the money in the business,and thus obtain a small share in it--and such was my intention, and ilooked forward to bright prospects and the hope of one day beingmarried to your mother, and i have no doubt but such would have beenthe case, had i still conducted myself properly.
but, before i was ofage, i made some very bad acquaintances, and soon ran into expenseswhich i could not afford--and the worst was, that i contracted ahabit of sitting up late at night, and drinking to excess, which inever have since got over, which proved my ruin then, and has provedmy ruin through life.
this little fortune of mine not only gave meconsequence, but was the cause of my thinking very highly of myself.
i now was more particular in my attentions to miss evelyn, and wasgraciously received by her father; neither had i any reason tocomplain of my treatment from the young lady.
as for your father, hewas quite thrown into the back-ground.
he had no property nor hope ofany, except what he might hereafter secure by his diligence and goodconduct; and the attention i received from mr evelyn, and also thehead clerk, who had an idea that i was to be a partner andconsequently would become his superior, made him very melancholy andunhappy--for i believe that then he was quite as much in love withmiss evelyn as i was myself; and i must tell you, that my love forher was unbounded, and she well deserved it.
but all these happyprospects were overthrown by my own folly.
as soon as it was knownthat i had property left to me, i was surrounded by many others whorequested to be introduced to me, and my evenings were passed in whati considered very good company, but which proved the very reverse.
bydegrees i took to gambling, and after a time, lost more money than icould afford to pay.
this caused me to have recourse to a jew, whoadvanced me loans at a large interest to be repaid at my coming ofage.
trying to win back my money, i at last found myself indebted tothe jew for the sum of nearly l1000.
the more that i became involved,the more reckless i became.
mr evelyn perceived that i kept latehours, and looked haggard, as i well might; indeed, my position hadnow become very awkward.
mr evelyn knew well the sum that had beenleft me, and how was i to account to him for the deficiency, if heproposed that i should put it into the business?
i should be ruinedin his opinion, and he never, i was convinced, would entrust thehappiness of his daughter to a young man who had been guilty of suchirregularities.
at the same time, my love for her nearly amounted toadoration.
never was there a more miserable being than i was for thelast six months previous to my coming of age, and to drown my miseryi plunged into every excess, and seldom, if ever, went to bed but ina state of intoxication.
scheme after scheme did i propose to enableme to conceal my fault, but i could hit upon nothing.
the timeapproached; i was within a few days of coming of age, when mr evelynsent for me and then spoke to me seriously, saying, that out ofregard to the memory of my father, with whom he had been veryintimate, he was willing to allow me to embark my little capital inthe business, and that he hoped that by my good conduct andapplication i might soon become a useful partner.
i stammered somereply which surprised him; and he asked me to be more explicit.
istated that i considered my capital too small to be of much use insuch a business as his, and that i preferred trying some quick methodof doubling it; that as soon as i had so done i would accept hisoffer with gratitude.
'as you please,' replied he coolly; 'but takecare, that in risking all, you do not lose all.
of course, you areyour own master,' and so saying, he left me, apparently muchdispleased and mortified.
but circumstances occurred, which exposedthe whole affair.
when in company with my evening companions, istated my intentions of trying my fortune in the east indies, notseriously, but talking at random.
this came to the ears of the jew ofwhom i had borrowed the money; he thought that i intended to leavethe kingdom without taking up my bonds, and immediately repaired tomr evelyn's counting-house, to communicate with the head clerk, andascertain if the report was correct, stating also the sums i wasindebted to him.
the head clerk informed mr evelyn, and on the dayupon which i became twenty-one years of age, he sent for me into hisprivate room, and, after some remonstrances, to which i replied veryhaughtily, it ended in my being dismissed.
the fact was, that mrevelyn had, since his last interview with me, made inquiries, andfinding out i had been living a very riotous life, he had determinedupon my leaving his service.
as soon as my first burst of indignationwas over, i felt what i had lost; my attachment to miss evelyn wasstronger than ever, and i bitterly deplored my folly, but after atime, as usual, i had recourse to the bottle, and to drowning mycares in intemperance.
i tried very hard to obtain an interview withmiss evelyn previous to my quitting the house, but this mr evelynwould not permit, and a few days after, sent his daughter away, toreside, for a time with a relation in the country.
i embarked mycapital in the wine trade, and, could i have restrained myself fromdrinking, should have been successful, and in a short time might havedoubled my property, as i stated to mr evelyn; but now, i had becomean irreclaimable drunkard, and when that is the case, all hope isover.
my affairs soon became deranged, and, at the request of mypartner, they were wound up, and i found myself with my capital ofl1500 reduced to l1000.
with this, i resolved to try my fortune inshipping; i procured a share in a brig, and sailed in her myself.
after a time, i was sufficiently expert to take the command of her,and might have succeeded, had not my habit of drinking been soconfirmed.
when at ceylon, i fell sick, and was left behind.
the brigwas lost, and as i had forgotten to insure my portion of her, i wasruined.
i struggled long, but in vain--intemperance was my curse, mybane, the millstone at my neck, which dragged me down: i hadeducation, talents, and energy, and at one time, capital, but allwere useless; and thus did i sink down, from captain of a vessel tomate, from mate to second mate, until i at last found myself adrunken sailor before the mast.
such is my general history; to-morrow,i will let you know how, and in what way, your father and i met again,and what occurred, up to this present time."
but i was too much bewildered and confused with what he had told me,to allow him to proceed, as he proposed.
"no, no," replied i.
"i now recollect all you have said, although ido not understand.
you must first answer my questions, as to themeaning of words i never heard of before.
i cannot understand whatmoney is, what gaming is, and a great many more things you havetalked about, but i recollect, and can repeat every word that youhave said.
to-morrow, i will recall it all over, and you shall tellme what i cannot make out; after that, you can go on again."
"very well," replied he, "i don't care how long it takes me toanswer your questions, for i am not very anxious to tell all aboutyour father and myself."
i can hardly describe to the reader the effect which theseconversations with jackson had upon me at first.
if a prisoner wereremoved from a dark cell, and all at once introduced into a gardenfull of fruit and flowers, which he never before had an idea were inexistence, he could not have been more filled with wonder, surprise,and pleasure.
all was novelty and excitement, but, at the same time,to a great degree, above my comprehension.
i had neither language norideas to meet it, and yet, i did, to a certain degree, comprehend.
isaw not clearly, but sometimes as through a mist, at others through adark fog, and i could discern little.
every day, however, myincreased knowledge of language and terms gave me an increasedknowledge of ideas.
i gained more by context than i did by any othermeans, and as i was by degrees enlightened, so my thirst forinformation and knowledge became every day more insatiable.
that much that i considered i understood was erroneous, is certain,for mine was a knowledge, as yet, of theory only.
i could imagine tomyself, as far as the explanation i received, what such an objectmight be, and, having made up my ideas on the matter, i was content;further knowledge, would however incline me to think, andoccasionally to decide, that the idea i had formed was incorrect, andi would alter it.
thus did i flounder about in a sea of uncertainty,but still of exciting interest.
if any one who has been educated, and has used his eyes in acivilised country, reads an account of people and things hithertounknown to him, he can, from the description and from his own generalknowledge, form a very correct idea of what the country contains.
butthen he has used his eyes--he has seen those objects, between whichthe parallel or the difference has been pointed out.
now i had notthat advantage.
i had seen nothing but the sea, rocks, and sea-birds,and had but one companion.
here was my great difficulty, which, i maysay, was never surmounted, until i had visited and mixed withcivilisation and men.
the difficulty, however, only increased myardour.
i was naturally of an ingenious mind, i had a remarkablememory, and every increase of knowledge was to me a source ofdelight.
in fact, i had now something to live for, before i had not;and i verily believe, that if jackson had been by any chance removedfrom me at this particular time, i should soon have become a lunatic,from the sudden drying up of the well which supplied my inordinatethirst for knowledge.
some days passed before i asked jackson to continue his narrative,during which we lived in great harmony.
whether it was that he wasdeceiving me, and commanding his temper till he had an opportunity ofrevenge, or whether it was that his forlorn and helpless conditionhad softened him down, i could not say, but he appeared gradually tobe forming an attachment to me; i was however on my guard at alltimes.
his wounded wrist had now healed up, but his hand was quiteuseless, as all the tendons had been severed.
i had therefore less tofear from him than before.
at my request that he would continue hishistory, jackson related as follows:--"after sailing in vessel after vessel, and generally dismissed afterthe voyage for my failing of intemperance, i embarked on board a shipbound to chili, and after having been on the coast for nearly a year,we were about to proceed home with a cargo, when we anchored atvaldivia, previous to our homeward voyage, as we had some fewarticles to ship at that port.
we were again ready for sea, when weheard from the captain, that he had agreed to take two passengers, agentleman and his wife, who wished to proceed to england.
the cabinwas cleared out, and every preparation made to receive them on board,and in the evening the boat was sent on shore for the luggage.
i wentin the boat, as i thought it likely that the gentleman would give theboat's crew something to drink; nor was i wrong--he gave us fourdollars, which we spent immediately in one of the ventas, and wereall more or less intoxicated.
it had been arranged that the luggageshould first be carried on board, and after that, we were to returnfor the passengers, as we were to sail early in the morning.
wepulled off with the luggage, but on our arrival on board, i was sodrunk, that the captain would not allow me to return in the boat, andi knew nothing of what had passed until i was roused up the nextmorning to assist in getting the ship under weigh.
we had been underweigh two or three hours, and were clearing the land fast, when thegentleman passenger came on neck; i was then coiling down a rope onthe quarter-deck, and as he passed by me, i looked at him, and irecognised him immediately as your father.
years had passed--from astripling he had grown a man, but his face was not to be mistaken.
there he was, apparently a gentlemen of property and consideration;and i, what was i?
a drunken sailor.
all i hoped was, that he wouldnot recognise me.
shortly afterwards he went down again, and returnedescorting his wife on deck.
again i took a furtive curious glance,and perceived at once that she was that miss evelyn whom i had onceso loved, and by my folly had lost.
this was madness.
as they stoodon the deck enjoying the cool sea breeze, for the weather wasdelightfully fine, the captain came up and joined them.
i was soconfused at my discovery, that i knew not what i was about, and ipresume was doing something very awkwardly; for the captain said tome--'jackson, what are you about, you drunken hound?
i suppose youare not sober yet.'
at the mention of my name, your father and motherlooked at me, and as i lifted up my head to reply to the captain,they eyed me earnestly, and then spoke to each other in a low tone;after which they interrogated the captain.
i could not hear what theysaid, but i was certain they were talking about me, and that they hadsuspected, if they had not recognised me.
i was ready to sink to thedeck, and, at the same time, i felt a hatred of your father enter myheart, of which, during his life, i never could divest myself.
it wasas i supposed; your father had recognised me, and the followingmorning he came up to me as i was leaning over the gunwaleamidships, and addressed me,--'jackson,' said he, 'i am sorry tofind you in this situation.
you must have been very unfortunate tohave become so reduced.
if you will confide your history to me,perhaps i may, when we arrive in england, be able to assist you, andit really will give me great pleasure.'
i cannot say that i repliedvery cordially.
'mr henniker,' said i, 'you have been fortunate byall appearances, and can therefore afford compassion to those whohave not been so; but, sir, in our positions, i feel as if pity wasin reality a sort of triumph, and an offer of assistance an insult.
iam content with my present position, and will at all events notchange it by your interference.
i earn my bread honestly.
you can dono more.
times may change yet.
it's a long road that has no turningto it.
i wish you a good morning.'
so saying, i turned from him, andwalked away forward, with my heart full of bitterness and anger.
fromthat hour he never spoke to me or noticed me again, but the captainwas more severe upon me, and i ascribed his severity most unjustly toyour father.
we were about to go round cape horn, when the gale fromthe s.e.
came on, which ended in the loss of the vessel.
for severaldays we strove up against it, but at last the vessel, which was old,leaked so much from straining, that we were obliged to bear up andrun before it, which we did for several days, the wind and seacontinuing without intermission.
at last we found ourselves amongthese islands, and were compelled occasionally to haul to the wind toclear them.
this made her leak more and more, until at last shebecame water logged, and we were forced to abandon her in hasteduring the night, having no time to take anything with us; we leftthree men on board, who were down below.
by the mercy of heaven weran the boat into the opening below, which was the only spot where wecould have landed.
i think i had better stop now, as i have a gooddeal to tell you yet."
"do then," replied i; "and now i think of it, i will bring up thechest and all the things which were in it, and you shall tell me whatthey are."
i went down and returned with the clothes and linen.
there wereeight pair of trousers, nine shirts, besides the one i had torn up tobandage his wounds with, two pair of blue trousers, and two jackets,four white duck frocks, some shoes, and stockings.
jackson felt themone by one with his hands, and told me what they were, and how worn.
"why don't you wear some of them?"
"if you will give me leave, i will," replied he.
"let me have a duckfrock and a pair of trousers."
i handed the articles to him, and then went back for the rest whichi had left on the rocks.
when i returned, with my arms full, i found that he had put them on,and his other clothes were beside him.
"i feel more like a christiannow," said he.
"a christian," said i, "what is that?"
"i will tell you by-and-bye.
it is what i have not been for a long,long while," replied he.
"now, what have you brought this time?"
"here," said i, "what is this?"
"this is a roll of duck, to make into frocks and trousers," repliedhe.
"that is bees'-wax."
he then explained to me all the tools,sailing-needles, fish-hooks, and fishing-lines, some sheets ofwriting-paper, and two pens, i had brought up with me.
"all these arevery valuable," said he, after a pause, "and would have added much toour comfort, if i had not been blind."
"there are more things yet," said i; "i will go and fetch them."
this time i replaced the remaining articles, and brought up thechest.
it was a heavy load to carry up the rocks, and i was out ofbreath when i arrived and set it down on the cabin-floor.
"now, i have the whole of them," said i.
"now, what is this?"
"that is a spy-glass--but, alas!
i am blind--but i will show you howto use it, at all events."
"here are two books," said i.
"give them to me," said he, "and let me feel them.
this one is abible, i am quite sure by its shape, and the other is, i think, aprayer-book."
"what is a bible, and what is a prayer-book?"
"the bible is the word of god, and the prayer-book teaches us how topray to him."
"but who is god?
i have often heard you say, 'o god!'
and 'god damn'--but who is he?"
"i will tell you to-night before we go to sleep," replied jackson,gravely.
"very well, i shall remind you.
i have found a little box inside thechest, and it is full of all manner of little things--strings andsinews."
"let me feel them?"
i put a bundle into his hand.
"these are needles and thread for making and mending clothes--theywill be useful bye-and-bye."
at last the whole contents of the chest were overhauled andexplained: i could not well comprehend the glass bottles, or how theywere made, but i put them with the pannikins, and everything else,very carefully into the chest again, and hauled the chest to thefarther end of the cabin, out of the way.
before we went to bed thatnight, jackson had to explain to me who god was, but as it was onlythe commencement of several conversations on the subject, i shall notat present trouble the reader with what passed between us.
jacksonappeared to be very melancholy after the conversation we had had onreligious matters, and was frequently agitated and muttering tohimself.
i did not on the following day ask him to resume his narrativerelative to my father and mother, as i perceived that he avoided it,and i already had so far changed as to have consideration for hisfeelings.
another point had now taken possession of my mind, whichwas, whether it were possible to learn to read those books which ihad found in the chest, and this was the first question that i put tojackson when we arose on that morning.
"how is it possible?"
"am i not blind--how can i teachyou?"
"is there no way?"
replied i, mournfully.
"let me think.--yes, perhaps there is a way--at all events we willtry.
you know which book i told you was the prayer-book?"
the small, thin one."
"yes--fetch it here.
now," said he, when i put it into his hand,"tell me; is there a straight line down the middle of the page of thebook, so that the words and letters are on both sides of it?"
"yes, there is," replied i; "in every page, as you call it, there isa black line down the middle, and words and letters (i suppose theyare) on both sides."
"and among the letters, there are some larger than others,especially at the side nearest to the margin."
"i don't know what margin is."
"i mean here," replied he, pointing to the margin of the page.
"yes, there are."
"well then, i will open the book as near as i can guess at themorning service, and you tell me if you can find any part of thewriting which appears to begin with a large round letter, like--whatshall i say?--the bottom of a pannikin."
"there is one on this leaf, quite round."
"very well--now get me a small piece of stick, and make a point toit."
i did so, and jackson swept away a small place on the floor of thecabin.
"now," said he, "there are many other prayers which begin with around o, as the letter is called; so i must first ascertain if thisone is the one i require.
if it is, i know it by heart, and by thatshall be able to teach you all the letters of the alphabet."
"what's an alphabet?"
"the alphabet is the number of letters invented to enable us to readand write.
there are twenty-six of them.
now look, frank; is the nextletter to o the shape of this?"
and he drew with the pointed stickthe letter u on the ground.
"yes, it is," replied i.
"and the next is like this," continued he, drawing the letter r,after he had smoothed the ground and effaced the u.
"yes," replied i.
"well then, to make sure, i had better go on.
our is one word, andthen there is a little space between; and next you come to an f.""yes," replied i, looking at what he had drawn and comparing it withthe letter in the book.
"then i believe that we are all right, but to make sure, we will goon for a little longer."
jackson then completed the word "father," and "which art," thatfollowed it, and then he was satisfied.
"now," said he, "out of that prayer i can teach you all the letters,and if you pay attention, you will learn to read."
the whole morning was passed in my telling him the differentletters, and i very soon knew them all.
during the day, the lord'sprayer was gone through, and as i learnt the words as well as theletters, i could repeat it before night; i read it over to him twentyor thirty times, spelling every word, letter by letter, until i wasperfect.
this was my first lesson.
"why is it called the lord's prayer?"
"because, when our lord jesus christ was asked by his followers inwhat way they ought to address god, he gave them this prayer torepeat, as being the most proper that they could use."
"but who was jesus christ?"
"he was the son of god, as i told you yesterday, and at the sametime equal with god."
"how could he be equal with god, if, as you said yesterday, god senthim down to be killed?"
"it was with his own consent that he suffered death; but all this isa mystery which you cannot understand at present."
"what's a mystery?"
"that which you cannot understand."
"do you understand it yourself?"
"no, i do not; i only know that such is the fact, but it is abovenot only mine, but all men's comprehension.
but i tell you honestlythat, on these points, i am but a bad teacher; i have paid littleattention to them during my life, and as far as religion isconcerned, i can only give you the outlines, for i know no more."
"but i thought you said, that people were to be punished or rewardedwhen they died, according as they had lived a bad or good life; andthat to live a good life, people must be religious, and obey god'scommands."
"i did tell you so, and i told you the truth; but i did not tell youthat i had led a bad life, as i have done, and that i have neglectedto pay obedience to god's word and command."
"then you will be punished when you die, will you not?"
i fear so, child," replied jackson, putting his hands up tohis forehead and hiding his face.
"but there is still time,"continued he, after a pause, and "o god of mercy!"
exclaimed he, "howshall i escape?"
i was about to continue the conversation, but jackson requested thati would leave him alone for a time.
i went out and sat on a rock,watching the stars.
"and those, he says, were all made by god,"--"and god madeeverything," thought i, "and god lives up beyond those stars."
ithought for a long while, and was much perplexed.
i had never heardanything of god till the night before, and what jackson had told mewas just enough to make me more anxious and curious; but he evidentlydid not like to talk on the subject.
i tried after a time, if i couldrepeat the lord's prayer, and i found that i could, so i knelt downon the rock, and looking up to a bright star, as if i would imagineit was god, i repeated the lord's prayer to it, and then i rose upand went to bed.
this was the first time that i had ever prayed.
i had learnt so much from jackson, latterly, that i could hardlyretain what i had learnt; at all events, i had a very confusedrecollection in my brain, and my thoughts turned from one subject toanother, till there was, for a time, a perfect chaos; by degreesthings unravelled themselves, and my ideas became more clear; butstill i laboured under that half-comprehension of things, which, inmy position, was unavoidable.
but now my mind was occupied with one leading object and wish, whichwas to learn to read.
i thought no more of jackson's history and theaccount he might give me of my father and mother, and was as willingas he was that it should be deferred for a time.
what i required nowwas to be able to read the books, and to this object my whole mindand attention were given.
three or four hours in the earlier portionof the day, and the same time in the latter, were dedicated to thispursuit, and my attention never tired or flagged.
in the course of, ithink, about six weeks, i could read, without hesitation, almost anyportion of the bible or prayer-book.
i required no more teaching fromjackson, who now became an attentive hearer, as i read to him everymorning and evening a portion of the gospel or liturgy.
but i cannotsay that i understood many portions which i read, and the questionswhich i put to jackson puzzled him not a little, and very often heacknowledged that he could not answer them.
as i afterwardsdiscovered this arose from his own imperfect knowledge of the natureof the christian religion, which, according to his statement to me,might be considered to have been comprised in the following sentence:"if you do good on earth, you will go to heaven and be happy; if youdo ill, you will go to hell and be tormented.
christ came down fromheaven to teach us what to do, and how to follow his example; and allthat we read in the bible we must believe."
this may be considered asthe creed imparted to me at that time.
i believe that jackson, likemany others, knew no better, and candidly told me what he himself hadbeen taught to believe.
but the season for the return of the birds arrived, and our stock ofprovender was getting low.
i was therefore soon obliged to leave mybooks, and work hard for jackson and myself.
as soon as the youngbirds were old enough, i set to my task.
and now i found how valuablewere the knives which i had obtained from the seaman's chest; indeed,in many points i could work much faster.
by tying the neck andsleeves of a duck frock, i made a bag, which enabled me to carry thebirds more conveniently, and in greater quantities at a time, andwith the knives i could skin and prepare a bird in one quarter of thetime.
with my fishing-lines also, i could hang up more to dry at onetime, so that, though without assistance, i had more birds cured inthe same time than when jackson and i were both employed in thelabour.
the whole affair, however, occupied me from morning toevening for more than three weeks, by which time the major portion ofmy provender was piled up at the back of the cabin.
i did not,however, lose what i had gained in reading, as jackson would not letme go away in the morning, or retire to my bed in the evening,without my reading to him a portion of the bible.
indeed, he appearedto be uncomfortable if i did not do so.
at last, the work was ended, and then i felt a strong desire returnto hear that portion of jackson's history connected with my fatherand mother, and i told him so.
he did not appear to be pleased withmy communication, or at all willing to proceed, but as i pressed himhard and showed some symptoms of resolution and rebellion, hereluctantly resumed his narrative.
"i wish you to understand," said he, "that my unwillingness to go onwith my history, proceeds from my being obliged to make known to youthe hatred that subsisted between your father and me; but if you willrecollect, that we both had, in our early days, been striving to gainthe same object--i mean your mother--and also that he had taken, asit were, what i considered to have been my place, in other points--that he had been successful in life, and i had been unfortunate, youmust not then be surprised at my hating him as i did."
"i understand nothing about your feelings," replied i; "and why heinjured you by marrying my mother, i cannot see."
"why i loved her."
"well, suppose you did, i don't know what love is, and thereforecannot understand it, so tell me the story."
"well then, when i left off, i told you that we had ventured to landupon this island by running the boat into the bathing-pond, but in sodoing, the boat was beaten to pieces, and was of no use afterwards.
we landed, eight persons in all--that is, the captain, your father,the carpenter, mate, and three seamen, besides your mother.
we hadliterally nothing in the boat except three axes, two kids, and thetwo pannikins, which we have indeed now, but as for provisions oreven water we had none of either.
our first object, therefore, was tosearch the island to obtain water, and this we soon found at the rillwhich now runs down by the side of the cabin.
it was very fortunatefor us that we arrived exactly at the time that the birds had come onthe island, and had just laid their eggs; if not, we must haveperished with hunger, for we had not a fish-hook with us or even afathom of line.
"we collected a quantity of eggs, and made a good meal, although wedevoured them raw.
while we were running about, or rather climbingabout, over the rocks, to find out what chance of subsistence wemight have on the island, the captain and your father remained withyour mother, who sat down in a sheltered spot near to the bathing-pool.
on our return in the evening, the captain called us all togetherthat he might speak to us, and he said that if we would do well wemust all act in concert; that it also would be necessary that oneshould have the command and control of the others; that withoutsuch was the case, nothing would go on well;--and he asked us if wedid not consider that what he said was true.
we all agreed, althoughi, for one, felt little inclination to do so, but as all the restsaid so, i raised no objections.
the captain then told us that as wewere all of one opinion, the next point, was to decide as to whoshould have the command--he said, that if it had been on ship-board,he of course would have taken it himself, but now we were on shore hethought that mr henniker was a much more competent person than hewas, and he therefore proposed that the command should be given tohim, and he, for one, would willingly be under his orders.
to thisproposal, the carpenter and mate immediately agreed, and at last twoof the seamen.
i was left alone, but i resisted, saying, that i wasnot going to be ordered about by a landsman, and that if i were toobey orders, it must be from a thorough-bred seaman.
the other twosailors were of my way of thinking, i was sure, although they hadgiven their consent, and i hoped that they would join me, which theyappeared very much inclined to do.
your father spoke very coolly,modestly, and prudently.
he pointed out that he had no wish to takethe command, and that he would cheerfully serve under the captain ofthe vessel, if it would be more satisfactory to all parties that suchshould be the case.
but the captain and the others were positive,saying that they would not have their choice disputed by such adrunken vagabond as i was, and that if i did not like to remain withthem, i might go to any part of the island that i chose.
thisconference ended by my getting in a passion, and saying that i wouldnot be under your father's orders; and i was seizing one of the axesto go off with it, when the captain caught my arm and wrested it fromme, stating that the axe was his property, and then telling me that iwas welcome to go where i pleased.
"i left them, therefore, and went away by myself to where the birdswere hatching, as i wished to secure a supply of eggs.
when the nightclosed in, i lay down upon the guano, and felt no cold, for the galewas now over, and the weather was very mild.
"the next morning, when i awoke, i found that the sun had been upsome time.
i looked for the rest of my companions whom i had quitted,and perceived that they were all busily at work.
the sea was quitecalm; and, when the vessel went down after we left, many articles hadfloated, and had been washed to the island.
some of the men were busycollecting spars and planks, which were near the rocks, and pushingthem along with the boat-hooks to the direction of the bathing pond,where they hauled them over the ridge, and secured them.
your fatherand mother, with the carpenter, were on this ledge where we now are,having selected it as a proper place for building a shelter, and wereapparently very busy.
the captain and one of the seamen were carryingup what spars and timber could be collected to where your father wasstanding with the carpenter.
all appeared to be active, and workinginto each others hands; and i confess that, as i looked on, i enviedthem, and wished that i had been along with them; but i could notbear the idea of obeying any orders given by your father; and thisalone prevented my joining them, and making my excuses for what i haddone and said the previous night.
i therefore swallowed some morebirds' eggs raw, and sat down in the sun, looking at them as theyworked.
"i soon perceived that the carpenter had commenced operations.
theframe of this cabin was, with the assistance of your father, beforeit was noon, quite complete and put up; and then they all went downto the bathing place, where the boat was lying with her bottom beatenout.
they commenced taking her to pieces and saving all the nails;the other men carried up the portions of the boat as they were rippedoff, to where the frame of the cabin had been raised.
i saw yourmother go up with a load in her hand, which i believed to be thenails taken from the boat.
in a couple of hours the boat was inpieces and carried up, and then your father and most of the men wentup to assist the carpenter.
i hardly need tell what they did, as youhave the cabin before you.
the roof, you see, is mostly built out ofthe timbers of the boat; and the lower part out of heavier wood; anda very good job they made of it.
before the morning closed in, one ofthe sides of the cabin was finished; and i saw them light a fire withthe chips that had been cut off with the axes, and they then dressedthe eggs and birds which they had collected the first day.
"there was one thing which i had quite forgotten when i mutinied andleft my companions, which was, the necessity of water to drink; and inow perceived that they had taken possession of the spot where theonly water had as yet been found.
i was suffering very much fromthirst towards the close of the day, and i set off up the ravine toascertain if there was none to be found in that direction.
beforenight i succeeded in finding some, as you know, for you have oftendrunk from the spring when you have gone up for firewood.
this gaveme great encouragement, for i was afraid that the want of water wouldhave driven me to submission.
by way of bravado, i tore off, and cutwith my knife, as many boughs of the underwood on the ravine as iwell could carry, and the next morning i built a sort of wigwam formyself on the guano, to show them that i had a house over my head aswell as they had; but i built it farther up to the edge of the cliff,above the guano plain, so that i need not have any communication withthose who i knew would come for eggs and birds for their dailysustenance.
"before the night of the following day set in, the cabin was quitefinished.
"the weather became warmer every day, and i found it very fatiguingto have to climb the ravine two or three times a day to procure adrink of water, for i had nothing to hold water in, and i thoughtthat it would be better that i should take up my quarters in theravine, and build myself a wigwam among the brushwood close to thewater, instead of having to make so many journeys for so necessary anarticle.
i knew that i could carry eggs in my hat and pocket-handkerchiefsufficient for two or three days at one trip; so i determined thati would do so; and the next morning i went up the ravine, loadedwith eggs, to take up my residence there.
in a day or two i had builtmy hut of boughs, and made it very comfortable.
i returned for afresh supply of eggs on the third day, with a basket i had constructedout of young boughs, and which enabled me to carry a whole week'ssustenance.
then i felt quite satisfied, and made up my mind thati would live as a hermit during my sojourn on the island, howeverlong it might be; for i preferred anything to obeying the orders ofone whom i detested as i did your father.
"it soon was evident, however, how well they had done in selectingyour father as their leader.
they had fancied that the birds wouldremain on the island, and that thus they would always be able toprocure a supply.
your father, who had lived so long in chili, knewbetter, and that in a few weeks they would quit their nesting place.
he pointed this out to them, showing them what a mercy it was thatthey had been cast away just at this time, and how necessary it wasto make a provision for the year.
but this they could not imaginethat it was possible to do without salt to cure the birds with; buthe knew how beef was preserved without salt on the continent, andshowed them how to dry the birds in the sun.
while therefore i was upin the ravine, they were busy collecting and drying them in largequantities, and before the time of the birds leaving they had laid upa sufficient supply.
it was he also that invented the fishing linesout of the sinews of the legs of the birds, and your mother whoknotted them together.
at first, they caught fish with some hooksmade of nails, but your father showed them the way to take themwithout a hook, as you have learnt from me, and which he had beenshown by some of the indians on the continent.
owing to your father,they were well prepared when the birds flew away with their youngones, while i was destitute.
previous to the flight, i had fared butbadly, for the eggs contained the young birds half formed, andlatterly so completely formed that i could not eat them, and as i hadno fire and did not understand drying them, i had no alternative buteating the young birds raw, which was anything but pleasant.
iconsoled myself, however, with the idea that your father and motherand the rest were faring just as badly as myself, and i lookedforward to the time when the birds would begin to lay eggs again,when i resolved to hoard up a much larger supply while they werefresh.
but my schemes were all put an end to, for in two days, aftera great deal of noise and flying about in circles, all the birds,young and old, took wing, and left me without any means of futuresubsistence.
"this was a horrid discovery, and i was put to my wits' ends.
iwandered over the guano place, and, after the third day of theirdeparture, was glad to pick up even a dead bird with which to appeasemy hunger.
at the same time, i wondered how my former companions goton, for i considered that they must be as badly off as i was.
iwatched them from behind the rocks, but i could perceive no signs ofuneasiness.
there was your mother sitting quietly on the level by thecabin, and your father or the captain talking with her.
i perceived,however, that two of the party were employed fishing off the rocks,and i wondered where they got their fishing-lines, and at last iconcluded that it was by catching fish that they supportedthemselves.
this, however, did not help me--i was starving, andstarvation will bring down the pride of any man.
on the fifth day, iwalked down to the rocks, to where one of the seamen was fishing, andhaving greeted him, i told him that i was starving, and asked forsomething to eat.
"'i cannot help you,' replied he; 'i have no power to give anythingaway; it is more than i dare do.
you must apply to mr henniker, whois the governor now.
what a foolish fellow you were to mutiny, as youdid; see what it has brought you to.'
"'why,' replied i, 'if it were not for fishing, you would not bebetter off than i am.'
"'oh yes we should be; but we have to thank him for that--withouthim, i grant, we should not have been.
we have plenty of provisions,although we fish to help them out.'
"this puzzled me amazingly, but there was no help for it.
i couldstarve no longer, so up i went to the level where your father wasstanding with the captain, and in a swaggering sort of tone, saidthat i had come back, and wanted to join my comrades.
the captainlooked at me, and referred me to your father, who said that he wouldconsult with the rest when they came to dinner, as without theirpermission he could do nothing, and then they both turned away.
inthe meantime i was ravenous with hunger, and was made more so byperceiving that two large fish were slowly baking on the embers ofthe fire, and that your mother was watching them; however, there wasno help for it, and i sat down at some little distance, anxiouslywaiting for the return of the rest of the party, when my fate wouldbe decided.
my pride was now brought down so low that i could havesubmitted to any terms which might have been dictated.
in about twohours they were all assembled to dinner, and i remained envying everymorsel that they ate, until the repast was finished; when after someconsultation, i was ordered to approach--which i did--and your fatheraddressed me: 'jackson, you deserted us when you might have been veryuseful, and when our labour was severe; now that we have worked hard,and made ourselves tolerably comfortable, you request to join us, andpartake with us of the fruits of our labour and foresight.
you haveprovided nothing, we have--the consequence is that we are incomparative plenty, while you are starving.
now i have taken theopinion of my companions, and they are all agreed, that as you havenot assisted when you are wanted, should we now allow you to join us,you will have to work more than the others to make up an equivalent.
it is therefore proposed that you shall join us on one condition,which is, that during the year till the birds again visit the island,it will be your task to go up to the ravine every day, and procurethe firewood which is required.
if you choose to accept these terms,you are permitted to join, always supposing that to all the otherrules and regulations which we have laid down for our guidance, youwill be subject as well as we are.
these are our terms, and you maydecide as you think proper.'
i hardly need say, that i gladlyaccepted them, and was still more glad when the remnants of thedinner were placed before me; i was nearly choked, i devoured withsuch haste until my appetite was appeased.
"when this was done, i thought over the conditions which i hadaccepted, and my blood boiled at the idea that i was to be in amanner the slave to the rest, as i should have to work hard everyday.
i forgot that it was but justice, and that i was only earning myshare of the years' provisions, which i had not assisted to collect.
my heart was still more bitter against your father, and i vowedvengeance if ever i had an opportunity, but there was no help for it.
every day i went up with a piece of cord and an axe, cut a largefaggot of wood, and brought it down to the cabin.
it was hard work,and occupied me from breakfast to dinner-time, and i had no time tolose if i wanted to be back for dinner.
the captain always examinedthe faggot, and ascertained that i had brought down a sufficientsupply for the day's consumption."
"a year passed away, during which i was thus employed.
at last, thebirds made their appearance, and after we had laid up our annualprovision, i was freed from my task, and had only to share the labourwith others.
it was now a great source of speculation how long wewere likely to remain on the island; every day did we anxiously lookout for a vessel, but we could see none, or if seen, they were toofar off from the island to permit us to make signals to them.
at lastwe began to give up all hope, and, as hope was abandoned, a settledgloom was perceptible on most of our faces.
i believe that otherswould have now mutinied as well as myself, if they had known what tomutiny about.
your father and mother were the life and soul of theparty, inventing amusements, or narrating a touching story in theevenings, so as to beguile the weary time; great respect was paid toyour mother, which she certainly deserved; i seldom approached her;she had taken a decided dislike to me, arising, i presume, from mybehaviour towards her husband, for now that i was again on a footingwith the others, i was as insolent to him as i dared to be, withoutincurring the penalty attached to insubordination, and i opposed himas much as i could in every proposal that he brought forward--butyour father kept his temper, although i lost mine but too often.
thefirst incident which occurred of any consequence, was the loss of twoof the men, who had, with your father's permission, taken a week'sprovisions, with the intention of making a tour round the island, andascertaining whether any valuable information could be brought back;they were the carpenter and one of the seamen.
it appears that duringtheir return, as they were crossing the highest ridge, they, feelingvery thirsty, and not finding water, attempted to refresh themselvesby eating some berries which they found on a plant.
these berriesproved to be strong poison, and they returned very ill--afterlanguishing a few days, they both died.
"this was an event which roused us up, and broke the monotony of ourlife; but it was one which was not very agreeable to dwell upon, andyet, at the same time, i felt rather pleasure than annoyance at it--ifelt that i was of more consequence, and many other thoughts enteredmy mind which i shall not now dwell upon.
we buried them in theguano, under the first high rock, where, indeed, the others were allsubsequently buried.
three more months passed away, when the otherseaman was missing.
after a search, his trousers were found at theedge of the rock.
he had evidently been bathing in the sea, for theday on which he was missed, the water was as smooth as glass.
whetherhe had seen something floating, which he wished to bring to land, orwhether he had ventured for his own amusement, for he was anexcellent swimmer, could never be ascertained--any more than whetherhe had sunk with the cramp, or had been taken down by a shark.
henever appeared again, and his real fate is a mystery to this day, andmust ever remain so.
thus were we reduced to four men--your father,the captain, the mate, and me.
but you must be tired--i will stopnow, and tell you the remainder some other time."
although i was not tired, yet, as jackson appeared to be so, i madeno objection to his proposal, and we both went to sleep.
while i had read the bible to jackson, i had often been puzzled bynumbers being mentioned, and never could understand what was meant,that is, i could form no of the quantity represented by seventy orsixty, or whatever it might be.
jackson's answer was, "oh!
it means agreat many; i'll explain to you bye-and-bye, but we have nothing tocount with, and as i am blind, i must have something in my hand toteach you."
i recollected that at the bathing pool there were a greatmany small shells on the rocks, about the size of a pea; there werelive fish in them, and they appeared to crawl on the rocks.
icollected a great quantity of these, and brought them up to thecabin, and requested jackson would teach me to count.
this he did,until he came to a thousand, which he said was sufficient.
for manydays i continued to count up to a hundred, until i was quite perfect,and then jackson taught me addition and subtraction to a certaindegree, by making me add and take away from the shells, and count theaccumulation, or the remainder.
at last, i could remember what i hadgained by manipulation, if i may use the term, but further, i couldnot go, although addition had, to a degree, made me master ofmultiplication, and subtraction gave me a good idea of division.
this was a new delight to me, and occupied me for three or fourweeks.
at last i had, as i thought, learned all that he could teachme in his blind state, and i threw away the shells, and sighed forsomething more.
of a sudden it occurred to me, that i had never looked into the bookwhich still lay upon the shelf in the cabin, and i saw no reason nowthat i should not; so i mentioned it to jackson, and asked him why imight not have that book?
"to be sure you may," replied he; "but you never asked for it, and iquite forgot it."
"but when i asked you before, you were so particular that i shouldnot open it.
what was your reason then?"
jackson replied--"i had no reason except that i then disliked you,and i thought that looking into the book would give you pleasure.
itbelonged to that poor fellow that was drowned; he had left it in thestern-sheets of the boat when we were at valdivia, and had forgottenit, and we found it there when we landed on the island.
take it down,it will amuse you."
i took down the book, and opened it.
it was, if i recollect right,called "mavor's natural history."
at all events, it was a naturalhistory of beasts and birds, with a plate representing each, and adescription annexed.
it would be impossible for me to convey to thereader my astonishment and delight.
i had never seen a picture ordrawing in my life.
i did not know that such things existed.
i was inan ecstasy of delight as i turned over the pages, hardly takingsufficient time to see one object before i hastened on to another.
for two or three hours did i thus turn over leaves, without settlingupon any one animal; at last my pulse beat more regularly, and icommenced with the lion.
but now what a source of amusement, and whata multitude of questions had to be answered by my companion.
he hadto tell me all about the countries in which the animals were found;and the description of the animals, with the anecdotes, were a sourceof much conversation; and, what was more, the foregrounds andbackgrounds of the landscapes with which the animals were surroundedproduced new ideas.
there was a palm-tree, which i explained tojackson, and inquired about it.
this led to more inquiries.
the lionhimself occupied him and me for a whole afternoon, and it was gettingdark when i lay down, with my new treasure by my side.
i had read ofthe lion in the scriptures, and now i recalled all the passages; andbefore i slept i thought of the bear which destroyed the children whohad mocked elisha the prophet, and i determined that the first animali would read about the next morning should be the bear.
i think that this book lasted me nearly two months, during whichtime, except reading a portion every night and morning to jackson,the bible and prayer-book were neglected.
sometimes i thought thatthe book could not be true; but when i came to the birds, i foundthose which frequented the island so correctly described, that i hadno longer any doubt on the subject.
perhaps what interested me mostwere the plates in which the barn-door fowls and the peacock weredescribed, as in the background of the first were a cottage andfigures, representing the rural scenery of england, my own country;and in the second there was a splendid mansion, and a carriage andfour horses driving up to the door.
in short, it is impossible toconvey to the reader the new ideas which i received from these slightefforts of the draftsman to give effect to his drawing.
the engravingwas also a matter of much wonder, and required a great deal ofexplanation from jackson.
this book became my treasure, and it wasnot till i had read it through and through, so as almost to know itby heart, that at length i returned to my bible.
all this time i hadnever asked jackson to go on with his narrative; but now that mycuriosity was appeased, i made the request.
he appeared, as before,very unwilling; but i was pertinacious, and he was worried into it.
"there were but four of us left and your mother, and the mate was ina very bad state of health; he fretted very much, poor fellow, for hehad left a young wife in england, and what he appeared to fear mostwas, that she would be married again before he could get home.
itended in a confirmed liver complaint, which carried him off ninemonths afterwards; and thus was one more of our companions disposedof.
he died very quietly, and gave me his sleeve-buttons and watch todeliver to his wife, if ever i should escape from the island.
i fearthere is little chance of her ever receiving them."
"where are they?"
said i, recollecting how i had seen him lift upthe board under his bed-place.
"i have them safe," replied jackson, "and if necessary, will tellyou where to find them."
this reply satisfied me, and i allowed him to proceed.
"we buried him in the guano, by the side of the two others, and nowwe were but three.
it was at this time that your mother was confinedand you were born; that is about three months after the death of themate.
we had just finished laying in our stock of birds for the yearwhen she was taken ill, sooner than was expected, and it was supposedthat it was occasioned by over-exertion at the time.
however, she gotup very well without any medical assistance, and your father was muchpleased at having a son, for he had been married five years withoutany prospect of a family.
i ought to observe that the loss of ourcompanions, one after another, had had the effect of bringing thosethat remained much closer together; i was treated with more kindnessby both your father and mother, and the captain, and i returned it aswell as my feelings would permit me, for i could not altogether getrid of my animosity to your father.
however, we became much moreconfidential, that is certain, and i was now treated as an equal.
"six months passed away and you had become a thriving child, when amelancholy occurrence"--here jackson covered up his face with hishands and remained for some time silent.
"go on," said i, "jackson, i know that they all died somehow oranother."
"very true," replied he, recovering himself.
"well, your fatherdisappeared.
he had gone to the rocks to fish, and when i was sent tobring him home to dinner, he was nowhere to be found.
it was supposedthat a larger fish than usual had been fast to his line, and that hehad been jerked off the rocks into the water and the sharks had takenhim.
it was a dreadful affair," continued jackson, again covering hisface.
"i think," replied i, "that any man in his senses would have allowedthe fish to have taken the line rather than have been dragged intothe water.
i don't think that the supposed manner of his death is atall satisfactory."
"perhaps not," replied jackson; "his foot may have slipped, whoknows?
we only could guess; the line was gone as well as he, whichmade us think what i said.
still we searched everywhere, but withouthope; and our search--that is the captain's and mine, for your poormother remained with you in her arms distracted--was the cause ofanother disaster--no less than the death of the captain.
they saymisfortunes never come single, and surely this was an instance of thetruth of the proverb."
"how did he die?"
replied i, gravely, for somehow or other i feltdoubts as to the truth of what he was saying.
jackson did not replytill after a pause, when he said--"he was out with me up the ravine collecting firewood, and he fellover the high cliff.
he was so injured that he died in half an hour."
"what did you do?"
"what did i do--what could i do but go back and break the news toyour mother, who was distracted when she heard it; for the captainwas her friend, and she could not bear me."
"well go on, pray," said i.
"i did all that i could to make your mother comfortable, as therenow were but her, you, and i, left on the island.
you were then aboutthree years old; but your mother always hated me, and appeared now tohate me more and more.
she never recovered the loss of your father towhom she was devotedly attached; she pined away, and after six monthsshe died, leaving you and me only on the island.
now you know thewhole history, and pray do not ask me any more about it."
jackson threw himself back in his bed-place and was silent.
so wasi, for i was recalling all that he had told me, and my doubts wereraised as to the truth of it.
i did not like his hurrying over thelatter portion of his narrative in the way which he had done.
what hehad said about my mother was not satisfactory.
i had for some timebeen gradually drawing towards him, not only shewing, but feeling,for him a great increase of goodwill; but suspicion had entered mymind, and i now began to feel my former animosity towards himrenewed.
a night's sleep, however, and more reflection, induced me tothink that possibly i was judging him too harshly, and as i could notafford to quarrel with him, our intercourse remained as amicable asbefore, particularly as he became more and more amiable towards meand did everything in his power to interest and amuse me.
i was one day reading to him the account of a monkey given in thebook of natural history, in which it is said that that animal is fondof spirits and will intoxicate itself, and jackson was telling memany anecdotes of monkeys on board of the vessel he had sailed in,when it occurred to me that i had never thought of mentioning to himor of ascertaining the contents of the cask which had been throwninto the bathing-pool with the seaman's chest, and i did so then tojackson, wondering at its contents and how they were to be got at.
jackson entered into the question warmly, explaining to me how andwhere to bore holes with a gimlet, and making two spiles for me tostop the holes with.
as soon as he had done so, curiosity induced meto go down to the pool where the cask had been lying so long, inabout a foot-and-half water.
by jackson's directions i took apannikin with me, that i might bring him a specimen of the contentsof the cask, if they should prove not to be water.
i soon bored thehole above and below, following jackson's directions, and the liquor,which poured out in a small stream into the pannikin, was of a browncolour and very strong in odour, so strong, indeed, as to make mereel as i walked back to the rocks with the pannikin full of it.
ithen sat down, and after a time tasted it.
i thought i had swallowedfire, for i had taken a good mouthful of it.
"this cannot be whatjackson called spirits," said i.
"no one can drink this--what can itbe?"
although i had not swallowed more than a table-spoonful of it,yet, combined with the fumes of the liquor which i had inhaled whendrawing it off into the pannikin, the effect was to make my headswim, and i lay down on the rock and shut my eyes to recover myself.
it ended in my falling asleep for many hours, for it was not muchafter noon when i went to the cask, and it was near sunset when iawoke, with an intense pain in my head.
it was some time before icould recollect where i was, or what had passed, but the pannikinfull of liquor by my side first reminded me; and then perceiving howlate it was, and how long i must have slept, i rose up, and takingthe pannikin in my hand, i hastened to return to the cabin.
as i approached, i heard the voice of jackson, whose hearing, sincehis blindness, i had observed, had become peculiarly acute.
"is that you, frank?"
"yes," replied i.
"and what has kept you so long--how you have frightened me.
godforgive me, but i thought that i was to be left and abandoned tostarvation."
"why should you have thought that?"
"because i thought that some way or another you must have beenkilled, and then i must have died, of course.
i never was sofrightened in my life, the idea of dying here all alone--it wasterrible."
it occurred to me at the time that the alarm was all for himself,for he did not say a word about how sorry he should have been at anyaccident happening to me, but i made no remark, simply stating whathad occurred, and my conviction that the contents of the cask werenot drinkable.
"have you brought any with you?"
inquired he, sharply.
"yes, here it is," said i, giving him the pannikin.
he smelt it, and raised it to his lips--took about a wine-glassfulof it, and then drew his breath.
"this is delightful," said he; "the best of old rum, i never tastedso good.
how big did you say that the cask was?"
i described it as well as i could.
"indeed, then it must be a whole puncheon--that will last a longwhile."
"but do you mean to say that you really like to drink that stuff?"
"do i like to drink it?
yes, it is good for men, but it's death tolittle boys.
it will kill you.
don't you get fond of it.
now promiseme that you will never drink a drop of it.
you must not get fond ofit, or some sad accident will happen to you."
"i don't think you need fear my drinking it," replied i.
"i have hadone taste, as i told you, and it nearly burnt my mouth.
i shan'ttouch it again."
"that's right," replied jackson, taking another quantity into hismouth.
"you are not old enough for it; bye-and-bye, when you are asold as i am, you may drink it, then it will do you good.
now, i'll goto bed, it's time for bed.
bring the pannikin after me and put it bymy side.
take care you don't spill any of it."
jackson crawled to his bed, and i followed him with the pannikin,and put it by his side, as he requested, and i returned to my ownresting-place, without however having the least inclination to sleep,having slept so long during the day.
at first jackson was quiet, but i heard him occasionally applying tothe pannikin, which held, i should say, about three half-pints ofliquor.
at last he commenced singing a sea song; i was muchsurprised, as i had never heard him sing before; but i was also muchpleased, as it was the first time that i had ever heard anything likemelody, for he had a good voice and sang in good tune.
as soon as hehad finished, i begged him to go on.
replied he, with a gay tone i had never heard from him before.
"you like songs, do you?
my little chap.
well, i'll give you plentyof them.
'tis a long while since i have sung, but it's a 'poor heartthat never rejoiceth.'
the time was when no one in company could singa song as i could, and so i can again, now that i have something tocheer my heart.
yes, here's another for you.
i shall rouse them allout by-and-bye, as i get the grog in--no fear of that--you find thestuff, and i'll find songs."
i was surprised at first at this unusual mirth; but recollectingwhat jackson had told me about his intemperance, i presumed that thismirth which it produced was the cause why he indulged so much in it;and i felt less inclined to blame him.
at all events, i was muchpleased with the songs that he sang to me one after another for threeor four hours, when his voice became thick, and, after some mutteringand swearing, he was quite silent, and soon afterwards snored loudly.
i remained awake some time longer, and then i also sank intoforgetfulness.
when i awoke the next morning, i found jackson still fast asleep.
iwaited for him for our morning meal; but, as he did not wake, i tookmine by myself, and then i walked out to the rock, where i usuallysat, and looked round the horizon to see if there was anything insight.
the spy-glass, from having been in sea water, was of no use,and i did not know what to do with it; nor could jackson instruct me.
after i had been out about an hour i returned, and found jacksonstill snoring, and i determined to wake him up.
i pushed him for sometime without success; but, at last he opened his eyes, and said:"my watch already?"
"no," said i; "but you have slept so long, that i have waked you up."
he paused, as if he did not know my voice, and then said:"but i can't see anything; how's this?"
"why, don't you know that you're blind, jackson?"
replied i, withamazement.
"yes, yes; i recollect now.
is there anything in the pannikin?"
"not a drop," replied i; "why, you must have drunk it all."
"yes, i recollect now.
get me some water, my good boy; for i amdying with thirst."
i went for the water; he drank the whole pannikin, and asked for more.
"won't you have something to eat?"
oh no; i can't eat anything.
give me drink;" and he held outhis hand for the pannikin.
i perceived how it trembled and shook, andi observed it to him.
"yes," replied he, "that's always the case after a carouse, and ihad a good one last night--the first for many a year.
but there'splenty more of it.
i wish you would get me a little more now, frank,just to steady me; just about two or three mouthfuls, no more; thatis, no more till night-time.
did i make much noise last night?"
"you sang several songs," replied i, "with which i was much amused."
"i'm glad that you liked them.
i used to be considered a good singerin my day; indeed, if i had not been such good company, as they termit, i had not become so fond of drinking.
just go and fetch me abouthalf an inch high of the pannikin, my good fellow, that's all i wantnow."
i went down to the cask, drew of the quantity that he requested, andbrought it to him.
he drank it off; and, in a few moments, appearedto be quite himself again.
he then asked for something to eat, andcommenced telling me a variety of stories relative to what he termedjolly parties in his former days; so that the day passed veryagreeably.
as the night closed in, he said:"now, frank, i know you want to hear some more songs; so go down andbring me up a full pannikin, and i will sing you plenty."
i complied with his request, for i was anxious to be again amused asi was the night before.
the consequence was that this night was, inthe early portion of it, but a repetition of the previous one.
jackson took the precaution to get into his bed-place before hecommenced drinking; and, as soon as he had taken his second dose, heasked me what sort of songs i liked.
my reply naturally was, that ihad never heard any one sing but him, and therefore could not say.
"what did i sing to you last night?"
i replied as well as i could.
"ah," said he, "they were all sea songs; but now i will give yousomething better."
after a little thought, he commenced singing a very beautiful andplaintive one, and certainly much better than he had sung the nightbefore; for he now was sober.
the consequence was, that i was stillmore delighted; and, at my request, he sang several others; but atlast his speech became rapid and thick, and he would not sing anymore, using some very coarse expressions to me when i asked him.
fora time he was silent, and i thought that he was going to sleep, and iwas reflecting upon the various effects which the liquor appeared tohave upon him, when i heard him talking and muttering, and i listened.
"never mind how i got them," said he; "quite as honestly as otherpeople, old moshes.
there they are, do you choose to buy them?"
thenthere was a pause, after which he commenced: "they're as purediamonds as ever came out of a mine.
i know that, so none of yourlies, you old jew.
where did i come by them?
that's no concern ofyours.
the question is, will you give me the price, or will you not?
well, then, i'm off.
no, i won't come back, you old thief."
here heswore terribly, and then was silent.
after a while he recommenced--"who can ever prove that they were henniker's diamonds?"
i started up at the mention of my father's name; i rested with myhands on the floor of the cabin, breathless as to what would come next.
"no, no," continued jackson, "he's dead, and food for fishes--deadmen tell no tales--and she's dead, and the captain's dead, all dead--yes, all;" and he gave a bitter groan and was silent.
the day was breaking, and i could just see him as he lay; but hesaid no more, and appeared to breathe heavily.
as the sun rose, i gotout of my bed-place; and, now that it was broad daylight, i looked atjackson.
he was lying on his back; his brow was covered with largedrops of perspiration, and his hands were clenched together.
althoughasleep, he appeared, by the convulsive twitching of the muscles ofhis face, to be suffering and in great agony.
occasionally he groaneddeeply, and his lips appeared to move, but no sound proceeded fromthem.
i perceived that the pannikin of liquor was not finished, one-thirdat least having been left.
i then went out of the cabin and took my usual seat, and began toreflect upon what i had heard.
he had talked about diamonds; now iknew what diamonds were, so far as they were of great value, for ihad read of them in the bible, and jackson had explained the value ofprecious stones to me, and had told me of diamonds of very greatvalue indeed.
then he said that they were henniker's diamonds--hemust have meant my father, that was positive.
and that no one couldprove they were his--this implied that jackson had no right to them;indeed how could he have?
and then i recalled to mind his having asecret hiding place under his bed, where i presumed the diamonds weredeposited.
i then turned over in my mind what he had told me relativeto the death of my father, the captain, and my mother, how confusedhe was, and how glad he was to get rid of the subject, and howunsatisfactory i thought his account was at the time.
after muchcogitation, i made up my mind that jackson had not told me the truth,and that there was a mystery yet to be explained; but how was i toget at it?
there was but one way.
the liquor made him talk.
i wouldsupply him with liquor, and by degrees i would get the truth out ofhim.
at the same time i would not allow him to suppose that he hadsaid anything to commit himself, or that i had any suspicions.
how naturally do we fall into treachery and deceit, from the evil inour own hearts, without any assistance or example from the world.
howcould i have learnt deceit?
isolated as i had been, must it not havebeen innate?
i returned to the cabin, and woke jackson without much difficulty,since he had not drunk so much as on the previous night.
"how are you this morning?"
"not very well; i have had some bad dreams."
"well you sang me some beautiful songs," replied i.
"yes, i recollect," said he; "but i fell asleep at last."
"yes, you refused to sing any more, and went off in a loud snore."
jackson got out of his bed-place, and i gave him his meal.
we talkedduring the whole day about singing, and i hummed the air which hadpleased me most.
"you have got the air pretty correct," said he; "you must have anear for music.
have you ever tried to sing?"
"no, never; you know i have not."
"you might have tried when i was not with you.
i will singa tune, and then do you repeat it after me."
he did so, and i repeated it.
"very good," said he.
"let's try the compass of your voice."
he ran up the gamut, and i followed him.
"i think you can go higher than i can," said he, "however you goquite high enough, so now i'll give you a singing lesson."
thus were we occupied at intervals during the whole day, for jacksonwould not allow me to try my voice too much at first.
as the eveningfell, he again asked me to fetch some liquor, and as i had threequart wine bottles, as i before mentioned, which i had found in thechest, i took them down to fill, as it would save me many trips, andbe more convenient in every respect.
i brought them up full, and jackson stopped them up with some of therags which i had torn to bind round his wrist, and put them all threein his bed-place.
"that will be a much better arrangement," said he, "as now i canpour out the liquor into the pannikin as i want it; besides, i meanto take a little water with it in future.
it's not quite so good withwater, but it lasts longer, and one don't go to sleep so soon.
well,i little thought that i should have such a comfort sent me after allmy sufferings.
i don't so much care now about staying here.
go andfetch some water in the pannikin."
that night was a repetition of the first.
jackson sang till he wasintoxicated, and then fell fast asleep, not talking or saying a word,and i was disappointed, for i remained awake to catch anything hemight say.
it would be tedious to repeat what took place for about amonth;--suffice it to say it was very rarely, during that time, thatjackson said anything in his sleep, or drunken state, and what he didsay i could make nothing of.
he continued, in the daytime, to give melessons in singing, and i could now sing several songs verycorrectly.
at night, he returned to his usual habit, and was more orless intoxicated before the night was over.
i perceived, however,that this excess had a great effect upon his constitution, and thathe had become very pale and haggard.
impatient as i felt to find outthe truth, i concealed my feelings towards him (which had certainlyvery much changed again since the discovery i had made and thesuspicions i had formed) and i remained on the best of terms withhim, resolving to wait patiently.
he had spoken once, and therefore iargued that he would speak again, nor was i wrong in my calculations.
one night, after he had finished his usual allowance of liquor, andhad composed himself for sleep, i observed that he was unusuallyrestless, changing his position in his bed-place every few minutes,and, at last, he muttered, "captain james.
well, what of captainjames, eh?"
a thought struck me that he might reply to a question.
"how did he die?"
said i, in a low clear voice.
replied jackson, "he fell down the cliff.
yes, he did.
youcan't say i killed him.
no--never put my finger on him."
after that, he was silent for some time, and then he recommenced.
"she always said that i destroyed them both, but i did not--only one--yes, one, i grant--but i hated him--no, not for his diamonds--no,no--if you said his wife indeed--love and hate."
"then you killed him for love of his wife, and hate of himself?"
"yes, i did.
who are you that have guessed that?
who are you?
i'llhave your life."
as he said this, he started up in his bed-place, awakened by hisdream, and probably by my voice, which he had replied to.
"frank henniker, did you speak?"
i made no reply, but pretended to be sound asleep, as he still satup, as if watching me.
i feigned a snore.
"it could not have been him," muttered jackson, "he's quite fast.
mercy, what a dream!"
he then sank down in his bed-place, and i heard the gurgling noisewhich told me that he had put the bottle of liquor to his mouth, andwas drinking out of it.
from the time that the gurgling lasted, hemust have taken a great deal.
at last, all was quiet again.
"so i have discovered it at last," said i, as my blood boiled atwhat i had heard.
"he did murder my father.
shall i kill him while hesleeps?"
was the first thought that came into my troubled mind.
"no,i won't do that.
what then, shall i tax him with it when he is awake,and then kill him?"
but i thought, that, as he was blind, and unableto defend himself, it would be cowardly, and i could not do that.
what then was i to do?
and as i cooled down, i thought of the wordsof the bible, that we were to return good for evil; for jackson, ofwhom, when i read it, i asked why we were told to do so, hadexplained it to me, and afterwards when i came to the part whichsaid, "vengeance is mine, saith the lord," he had told me that therewas punishment for the wicked hereafter, and that was the reason whywe were not to obey the jewish law of "an eye for an eye, and a toothfor a tooth," which i had referred to.
this portion of the bible hehad well explained, and certain it is that it prevented my raising myhand against him that night.
still, i remained in a state of greatexcitement; i felt that it would be impossible for me to be anylonger on good terms with him, and i revolved the question in mymind, till at last, worn out by excitement, i fell fast asleep.
a short time before daylight, i started up at what i thought was afaint cry, but i listened, and hearing nothing more, i again fellasleep, and it was broad daylight when i arose; my first thoughtswere naturally of jackson, and i looked at where he lay, but he wasno longer there--his bed-place was empty.
i was astonished, and aftera moment's thought, i recollected the cry i had heard in the night,and i ran out of the cabin and looked around me, but i could seenothing of him.
i then went to the edge of the flat rock upon whichthe cabin was built and looked over it; it was about thirty feet fromthis rock to the one below, and nearly perpendicular.
i thought thathe must have gone out in the night, when intoxicated with liquor, andhave fallen down the precipice; but i did not see him as i peeredover.
"he must have gone for water," thought i, and i ran to thecorner of the rock, where the precipice was much deeper, and lookingover, i perceived him lying down below without motion or apparentlife.
i had, then, judged rightly.
i sat down by the side of the poolof water quite overpowered; last night i had been planning how ishould destroy him, and now he lay dead before me without my beingguilty of the crime.
"vengeance is mine, saith the lord," were thewords that first escaped my lips; and i remained many minutes in deepthought.
at last it occurred to me that he might not yet be dead; iran down the cliff, and, clambering over the rocks, arrivedbreathless at the spot where jackson lay.
he groaned heavily as istood by him.
"jackson," said i, kneeling down by him, "are you much hurt?"
forall my feelings of animosity had vanished when i perceived hisunhappy condition.
his lips moved, but he did not utter any sound.
atlast he said, in a low voice, "water."
i hastened back as fast as icould to the cabin, got a pannikin half full of water, and poured alittle rum in it out of the bottle.
this journey and my return to himoccupied some ten minutes.
i put it to his lips, and he seemed torevive.
he was a dreadful object to look at.
the blood from a cut onhis head had poured over his face and beard, which were clotted withgore.
how to remove him to the cabin i knew not.
it would be hardlypossible for me to carry him over the broken rocks which i hadclimbed to arrive at where he lay; and there was no other way butwhat was longer, and just as difficult.
by degrees he appeared torecover; i gave him more of the contents of the pannikin, and at lasthe could speak, although with great pain and difficulty.
as he did sohe put his hand to his side.
he was indeed a ghastly object, with hissightless eyeballs, his livid lips, and his face and beard mattedwith blood.
"do you think you could get to the cabin, if i helped you?"
"i shall never get there--let me die where i am," said he.
"but the cut on your head is not very deep," replied i.
"no, i don't feel it;--but--my side--i bleed inwardly--i am--brokento pieces," said he, pausing and gasping between each word.
i looked at his side, and perceived that it was already black andmuch swollen.
i offered him more drink, which he took eagerly, and ithen returned for a further supply.
i filled two of the wine-bottleswith water and a small drop of spirits as before, and went back towhere he lay.
i found him more recovered, and i had hopes that hemight still do well, and i told him so.
"no, no," replied he; "i have but a few hours to live--i feel that.
let me die here, and die in peace."
he then sank into a sort of stupor, occasioned, i presume, by what ihad given him to drink, and remained quite quiet, and breathingheavily.
i sat by him waiting till he should rouse up again; for morethan an hour i was in a very confused state of mind, as may well beimagined, after what had passed in the night.
what i most thought of was obtaining from him, now that he wasdying, the full truth as to the deaths of my father and mother.
jackson remained so long in this state of stupor, i feared that hewould die before i could interrogate him; but this, as it proved, wasnot to be the case.
i waited another hour, very impatiently i mustacknowledge, and then i went to him and asked him how he felt.
hereplied immediately, and without that difficulty which he appearedbefore to have experienced.
"i am better now--the inward bleeding has stopped; but still icannot live--my side is broken in, i do not think there is a rib thatis not fractured into pieces, and my spine is injured, for i cannotmove or feel my legs; but i may live many hours yet, and i thank godfor his mercy in allowing me so much time--short indeed to makereparation for so bad a life, but still nothing is impossible withgod."
"well, then," replied i, "if you can speak, i wish you would tell methe truth relative to my father's death, and also about the death ofothers; as for my father i know that you murdered him--for you saidso last night in your sleep."
after a pause, jackson replied--"i am glad that i did, and that youhave told me so--i wished to make a full confession even to you, forconfession is a proof of repentance.
i know that you must hate me,and will hate my memory, and i cannot be surprised at it; but look atme now, frank, and ask your own heart whether i am not more an objectof pity than of hatred.
'vengeance is mine, saith the lord!'
and hasnot his vengeance fallen upon me even in this world?
look at me; herei am, separated from the world that i loved so much, with no chanceof ever joining it--possessed of wealth which would but a few monthsago have made me happy--now blind, crushed to pieces by an avenginggod, in whose presence i must shortly appear to answer for all mywickedness--all my expectations overthrown, all my hopes destroyed,and all my accumulated sins procuring me nothing, but, it may be,eternal condemnation.
i ask you again, am i not an object of pity andcommiseration?"
i could but assent to this, and he proceeded.
"i will now tell you the truth.
i did tell the truth up to the timeof your father and mother's embarkation on board of the brig, up towhen the gale of wind came on which occasioned eventually the loss ofthe ship.
now give me a little drink.
"the vessel was so tossed by the storm, and the waves broke over herso continually, that the between-decks were full of water, and as thehatches were kept down, the heat was most oppressive.
when it was notmy watch i remained below, and looked out for another berth to sleepin.
before the cabin bulkheads on the starboard side, the captain hadfitted up a sort of sail-room to contain the spare sails in case weshould require them.
it was about eight feet square, and the sailswere piled up in it, so as to reach within two feet of the deckoverhead; though the lower ones were wetted with the water, abovethey were dry, and i took this berth on the top of the sails as mysleeping place.
now the state-room in which your father and motherslept was on the other side of the cabin bulkhead, and the strainingand rolling of the vessel had opened the chinks between the planks,so that i could see a great deal of what was done in the state-room,and could hear every word almost that was spoken by them.
i was notaware of this when i selected this place as my berth, but i found itout on the first night, the light of the candle shining through thechinks into the darkness by which i was surrounded outside.
ofcourse, it is when a man is alone with his wife that he talks onconfidential subjects; that i knew well, and hoped by listening to beable to make some discovery;--what, i had no idea of; but, with thebad feelings which stimulated me, i determined not to lose anopportunity.
it was not till about a week after i had selected thisberth, that i made any discovery.
i had had the watch from six toeight o'clock, and had gone to bed early.
about nine o'clock yourfather came into the state-room.
your mother was already in bed.
asyour father undressed, your mother said, 'does not that belt worryyou a great deal, my dear?'
"'no,' replied your father, 'i am used to it now; it did when ifirst put it on, but now i have had it on four days, i do not feelit.
i shall keep it on as long as this weather lasts; there is nosaying what may happen, and it will not do to be looking for the beltat a moment's warning.'
"'do you think then that we are in danger?'
"'no, not particularly so, but the storm is very fierce, and thevessel is old and weak.
we may have fine weather in a day or two, orwe may not; at all events, when property of value is at stake, andthat property not my own, i should feel myself very culpable, if idid not take every precaution.'
"'well--i wish we were safe home again, my dear, and that my fatherhad his diamonds, but we are in the hands of god.'
"'yes, i must trust to him,' replied your father.
"this circumstance induced me to look through one of the chinks ofthe bulkhead, so that i could see your father, and i perceived thathe was unbuckling a belt which was round his body, and which no doubtcontained the diamonds referred to.
it was of soft leather, and abouteight inches wide, sewed lengthways and breadthways in small squares,in which i presumed the diamonds were deposited.
after a time yourmother spoke again.
"'i really think, henniker, that i ought to wear the belt.'
"'why so, my dear?'
"'because it might be the means of my preservation in case ofaccident.
suppose now, we were obliged to abandon the vessel and taketo the boats; a husband, in his hurry, might forget his wife, but hewould not forget his diamonds.
if i wore the belt, you would becertain to put me in the boat.'
"'that observation of yours would have force with some husbands, andsome wives,' retorted your father; 'but as i have a firm belief inthe scriptures, it does not affect me.
what do the proverbs say?
"theprice of a virtuous woman is far above rubies;" and a good ruby isworth even more in the market than a diamond of the same size.'
"'well, i must comfort myself with that idea,' replied your mother,laughing.
"'supposing we be thrown upon some out-of-the-way place,' said yourfather, 'i shall then commit the belt to your charge.
it might soonbe discovered on my person, whereas, on yours, it would stand everychance of being long concealed.
i say this because, even in a desert,it would be dangerous to have it known by unscrupulous andunprincipled men that anyone had so much wealth about him.'
"'well,' replied your mother, 'that is also comfortable for me tohear, for you will not leave me behind, because i shall be necessaryto conceal your treasure.'
"'yes,' replied your father, laughing, 'there is another chance foryou, you see.'
"your father then extinguished the light, and the conversation wasnot renewed; but i had heard enough.
your father carried a greattreasure about his person--wealth, i took it for granted, that if ionce could obtain, and return to england, would save me from mypresent position.
my avarice was hereby excited, and thus anotherpassion equally powerful, and equally inciting to evil deeds, wasadded to the hate which i already had imbibed for your father.
but imust leave off now."
jackson drank a little more, and then remained quiet, and as i hadhad no food that day, i took the opportunity of returning to thecabin, with the promise that i would be back very soon.
in half anhour i returned, bringing with me the bible and prayer-book, as ithought that he would ask me to read to him after he had made hisconfession.
i found him breathing heavily, and apparently asleep, soi did not wake him.
as i looked at him, and recalled to mind hiswords, "am not i an object of pity?"
i confessed that he was, andthen i asked myself the question, can you forgive him who was themurderer of your father?
after some reflection, i thought that icould.
was he not already punished?
had not the murder been alreadyavenged?
it was not possible to retain animosity against one sostricken, so broken to pieces, and my heart smote me when i looked athis disabled hand, and felt that i, boy as i was, had had a share inhis marring.
at last he spoke.
"are you there, frank?"
"yes," replied i.
"i have had a little sleep," said he.
"do you feel easier?"
inquired i kindly.
"yes, i feel my side more numbed, and so it will remain tillmortification takes place.
but let me finish my confession; i wish torelieve my mind, not that i shall die to-night, or perhaps to-morrow,but still i wish it over.
come nearer to me, that i may speak in alower voice, and then i shall be able to speak longer."
i did so, and he proceeded.
"you know how we were cast upon this island, and how i behaved atfirst.
when i afterwards took my place with the others, my evilthoughts gradually quitted me, and i gave up all idea of any injuryto your father.
but this did not last long.
the deaths of so many,and at last the captain your father and your mother being the onlyones left on the island besides myself, once more excited mycupidity.
i thought again of the belt of diamonds, and by what meansi should gain possession of it; and the devil suggested to me themurders of the captain and of your father.
i had ascertained thatyour father no longer carried the belt on his person when we all usedto bathe at the bathing-pool; it was, therefore, as your father hadproposed, in your mother's keeping.
having once made up my mind, iwatched every opportunity to put my intentions into execution.
it wasthe custom for one of us to fish every morning, as your mother wouldnot eat the dried birds, if fish could be procured, and i consideredthat the only chance i had of executing my horrible wish was whenyour father went to fish off the rocks.
we usually did so off theledge of rocks which divide the bathing-pool from the sea, but ifound out another place, where more fish, and of a better quality,were to be taken, which is off the high wall of rocks just below.
youknow where i mean, i have often sent you to fish there, but i nevercould go myself since your father's death.
your father took his linesthere, and was hauling in a large fish, when i, who had concealedmyself close to where he stood, watched the opportunity as he lookedover the rock to see if the fish was clear of the water, to comebehind him and throw him off into the sea.
he could not swim, i knew,and after waiting a minute or two, i looked over and saw his body,just as it sank, after his last struggles.
i then hastened away, andmy guilty conscience induced me to ascend the ravine, and collect afaggot of firewood to bring home, that no suspicions might beentertained; but my so doing was the very cause of suspicion, as youwill afterwards perceive.
i returned with the wood, and the captainobserved, when i came up to the cabin:"'why, it's something new for you to collect wood out of your turn,jackson.
wonders will never cease.'
"'the fact is, that i am becoming very amiable,' replied i, hardlyknowing what to say, and afraid to look either of them in the face,for your mother, with you on her lap, was standing close by.
"'has my husband caught any fish, do you know, jackson?'
said yourmother, 'for it is high time that he came home.'
"'how can i tell?'
'i have been up the ravine for wood.'
"'but you were down on the rock two hours ago,' replied your mother,'for captain james saw you coming away.'
"'that i certainly did,' replied the captain.
'had he caught anyfish when you were with him?'
"they must have perceived my confusion when i said, 'yes, i was onthe rocks, but i never went near henniker, that i'll swear.'
"'you must have been near him, even when i saw you,' replied thecaptain.
"'i never looked at him, if i was,' replied i.
"'well, then, one of us had better go down and see what he isabout,' said the captain.
'shall i leave jackson with you?'
"'yes, yes,' replied your mother, much agitated, 'for i have myforebodings; better leave him here.'
"the captain hastened down to the rocks, and in a quarter of an hourreturned very much heated, saying, 'he is not there!'
replied i, getting up, for i had seated myself insilence on the rock during the captain's absence: 'that's very odd.'
"'it is,' replied the captain.
'jackson, go and try if you seeanything of him, while i attend to mrs henniker.'
"your mother, on the captain's return, had bowed her head down toher knees, and covered her face with her hands.
i was glad of anexcuse to be away, for my heart smote me as i witnessed her condition.
"i remained away half-an-hour, and then returned, saying that icould see nothing of your father.
"your mother was in the cabin, and the captain went in to her, whilei remained outside with all the feelings of cain upon my brow.
"that was a dreadful day for all parties--no food was taken.
yourmother and the captain remained in the cabin, and i dared not, asusual, go in to my own bed-place.
i lay all night upon the rocks--sleep i could not; every moment i saw your father's body sinking, asi had seen it in the morning.
the next morning the captain came outto me.
he was very grave and stern, but he could not accuse me,whatever his suspicions might have been.
it was a week before i sawyour mother again, for i dared not intrude into her presence; but,finding there was no accusation against me, i recovered my spirits,and returned to the cabin, and things went on as before."
"one thing, however, was evident, that your mother had an aversion--imay say a horror--of me, which she could not conceal.
she saidnothing, but she never could look at me; and to any question i put,would seldom make reply.
strange to say this treatment of hersproduced quite a different effect from what might have beenanticipated, and i felt my former love for her revive.
her shrinkingfrom me made me more familiar towards her, and increased her disgust.
i assumed a jocose air with her, and at times captain jamesconsidered it his duty to interfere and check me.
he was a verypowerful man, and in a contest would have proved my master; this iknew, and this knowledge compelled me to be more respectful to yourmother in his presence, but when his back was turned i became sodisgustingly familiar, that at last your mother requested thatwhether fishing or collecting wood, instead of going out by turns weshould both go, and leave her alone.
this i could not well refuse, ascaptain james would in all probability have used force if i had notconsented, but my hatred to him was in consequence most unbounded.
however, an event took place which relieved me from the subjectionwhich i was under, and left me alone with you and your mother.
now imust rest a little.
wait another hour, and you shall know the rest."
it was now late in the evening, but there was a bright moon whichshone over head, and the broad light and shadow made the rocks aroundus appear peculiarly wild and rugged.
they towered up one above theother till they met the dark blue of the sky in which the starstwinkled but faintly, while the moon sailed through the ether,without a cloud to obscure her radiance.
and in this majestic scenerywere found but two living beings--a poor boy and a mangled wretch--amurderer--soon to breathe his last, and be summoned before anoffended god.
as i remained motionless by his side, i felt, as ilooked up, a sensation of awe, but not of fear; i thought to myself--"and god made all this and all the world besides, and me and him.
thebible said so:" and my speculation then was as to what god must be,for although i had read the bible, i had but a confused idea, and hadit been asked me, as it was of the man in the chariot by philip,"understandest thou what thou readest?"
i most certainly should haveanswered, no.
i remained for nearly two hours in this reverie, and atlast fell asleep with my back against the rock.
i was, however,wakened up by jackson's voice, when he asked in a low tone for water.
"there it is," said i, handing it to him.
"have you called long?"
"no," replied he; "i asked but once."
"i have been asleep," said i.as soon as he had drunk, he said--"i will finish now; my side begins to burn."
he then proceeded--"it was about four months after your father's death that captainjames and i went together to the ravine to collect firewood.
wepassed under the wall of rock, which you know so well, and wentthrough the gap, as we call it, when captain james left the water-courseand walked along the edge of the wall.
i followed him; we bothof us had our pieces of rope in our hands with which we tied thefaggots.
of a sudden his foot slipped, and he rolled down to the edgeof the rock, but catching hold of a small bush which had fixed itsroots in the rocks, he saved himself when his body was hanging halfover the precipice.
"'give me the end of your rope,' said he to me, perfectly collected,although in such danger.
"'yes,' replied i, and i intended so to do, as i perceived that if irefused he could still have saved himself by the bush to which heclung.
"but the bush began to loosen and give way, and captain jamesperceiving it cried out--"'quick, quick, the bush is giving way!'
"this assertion of his determined me not to give him the rope.
ipretended to be in a great hurry to do so, but entangled it about mylegs, and then appeared occupied in clearing it, when he cried again--"'quick!'
--and hardly had he said the word when the root of the bushsnapped, and down he fell below.
"i heard the crash as he came to the rock beneath.
see the judgmentof god--am i not now precisely in his position, lying battered andcrushed as he was?
after a time i went down to where he lay, andfound him expiring.
he had just strength to say 'god forgive you,'and then he died.
it was murder, for i could have saved him and wouldnot, and yet he prayed to god to forgive me.
how much happier shouldi have felt if he had not said that.
his 'god forgive you' rang in myears for months afterwards.
i returned to the cabin, and with a boldair stated to your mother what had happened, for i felt i could say,this time, i did not do the deed.
she burst out into franticexclamations, accusing me of being not only his murderer but themurderer of her husband.
i tried all i could do to appease her, butin vain.
for many weeks she was in a state of melancholy anddespondency, that made me fear for her life; but she had you still tobestow her affections upon, and for your sake she lived.
i soon madethis discovery.
she was now wholly in my power, but i was awed by herlooks even, for a time.
at last i became bolder, and spoke to her ofour becoming man and wife; she turned from me with abhorrence.
i thenresorted to other means.
i prevented her from obtaining food; shewould have starved with pleasure, but she could not bear to see yousuffer.
i will not detail my cruelty and barbarity towards her;suffice to say, it was such that she pined away, and about six monthsafter the death of the captain she died, exhorting me not to injureyou, but if ever i had an opportunity, to take you to yourgrandfather.
i could not refuse this demand, made by a woman whom ias certainly killed by slow means as i had your father by a moresudden death.
i buried her in the guano, by the side of the others.
after her death my life was a torture to me for a long while.
i darednot kill you, but i hated you.
i had only one consolation, one hope,which occasionally gave me satisfaction; the consolation, if so itcould be called, was--that i had possession of the diamonds; the hope--that i should one day see england again.
you see me now--are theynot all avenged?"
i could not but feel the truth of jackson's last sentence.
they wereindeed avenged.
after a short pause, he said to me--"now, frank, i feel that the mortification in my side is makinggreat progress, and, in a short time i shall be in too great pain totalk to you.
i have made a full confession of my crimes; it is allthe reparation i can make to you.
now, can you forgive me?
for ishall die very miserable if you do not.
just look at me.
can you feelresentment against one in my wretched state?
recollect that you prayto be forgiven as you forgive others.
give me your answer."
"i think--yes, i feel that i can forgive you, jackson," replied i.
"i shall soon be left alone on this island, and i am sure i should bemuch more miserable than i shall be, if i do not forgive you.
i doforgive you."
"thanks; you are a good boy, and may god bless you.
is it not nearlydaylight?"
"yes, it is.
i shall soon be able to read the bible or prayer-bookto you.
i have them both here."
"the pain is too severe, and becomes worse every minute.
i shall notbe able to listen to you now; but i shall have some moments of quietbefore i die; and then--"jackson groaned heavily, and ceased speaking.
for many hours he appeared to suffer much agony, which he vented inlow groans; the perspiration hung on his forehead in large beads, andhis breathing became laborious.
the sun rose and had nearly set againbefore jackson spoke; at last he asked for some drink.
"it is over now," said he faintly.
"the pain is subsiding, and deathis near at hand.
you may read to me now; but, first, while i think ofit, let me tell you where you will find your father's property."
"i know," replied i; "in your bed-place under the board.
i saw youremove it when you did not see me."
i have no more to say; it will all be over soon.
read theburial service over me after i am dead; and now, while still above,read me what you think i shall like best; for i cannot collect myselfsufficiently to tell you what is most proper.
indeed i hardly know.
but i can pray at times.
i did so, and came upon the parable of the prodigal son.
"that suits me," said jackson.
"now let me pray.
pray for me, frank."
"i don't know how," replied i; "you never taught me."
jackson was then silent.
i saw his pale lips move for some time.
iturned away for a few moments; when i came back to him, he was nomore!
his jaw had fallen; and this being the first time that i hadever faced death, i looked upon the corpse with horror and dismay.
after a few minutes i left the body, and sat down on a rock at somedistance from it, for i was somewhat afraid to be near to it.
on thisrock i remained till the sun was sinking below the horizon; when,alarmed at the idea of being there when it was dark, i took up mybooks and hastened back to the cabin.
i was giddy from excitement,and not having tasted food for many hours.
as soon as i had eaten, ilay down in my bed-place, intending to reflect upon what i was to do,now that i was alone; but i was in a few moments fast asleep, and didnot wake until the sun was high.
i arose much refreshed, and, seeingmy bible and prayer-book close to my bed-place, i recollected mypromise to jackson that i would read the burial service over hisbody.
i found the place in the prayer-book, for i had read it morethan once before; and, having just looked over it, i went with mybook to where the body lay.
it presented a yet more hideous spectaclethan it had the night before.
i read the service and closed the book.
"what can i do?"
"i cannot bury him in the guano.
it willbe impossible to carry the body over these rocks."
indeed, if it hadbeen possible, i do not think i could have touched it.
i was afraidof it.
at last i determined that i would cover it up with thefragments of rocks which lay about in all directions, and i did so.
this occupied me about two hours, and then, carrying the bottles withme, i gladly hastened away from the spot, with a resolution never torevisit it.
i felt quite a relief when i was once more in the cabin.
i was alone, it was true, but i was no longer in contact with thedead.
i could not collect my thoughts or analyse my feelings duringthe remainder of the day.
i sat with my head resting on my hand, inthe attitude of one thinking; but at the same time my mind wasvacant.
i once more lay down to sleep, and the following morning ifound myself invigorated, and capable of acting as well as thinking.
i had a weight upon my spirits which i could not at first accountfor; but it arose from the feeling that i was now alone, without asoul to speak to or communicate with; my lips must now be closed tilli again fell in with some of my fellow-creatures--and was thatlikely?
we had seen some of them perish not far from us, and that wasall, during a period of many years.
i was now, by jackson's account, nearly fourteen years old.
duringfourteen years but one vessel had been seen by us.
it might befourteen more, or double that time might elapse, before i shouldagain fall in with any of my fellow-creatures.
as these thoughtssaddened me, i felt how much i would have sacrificed if jackson hadremained alive, were it only for his company; i would have forgivenhim anything.
i even then felt as if, in the murderer of my father, ihad lost a friend.
that day i was so unsettled i could not do anything; i tried toread, but i could not; i tried to eat, but my appetite was gone, isat looking at the ocean as it rolled wave after wave, sometimeswondering whether it would ever bring a fellow-creature to join me;at others i sat, and for hours, in perfect vacuity of thought.
theevening closed in; it was dark, and i still remained seated where iwas.
at last i returned to my bed, almost brokenhearted; butfortunately i was soon asleep, and my sorrows were forgotten.
another morning was gladdened with a brilliant sun, the dark blueocean was scarcely ruffled by the breeze that swept over it, and ifelt my spirits much revived, and my appetite returned.
after takinga meal, i remembered what jackson had told me about the belt with thediamonds, and i went up to his bed-place, and turning out the bird'sskins and feathers, i raked up the gravel, which was not more thantwo inches deep, and came to the board.
i lifted it up, and foundunderneath a hole, about a foot deep, full of various articles.
therewere the watch and sleeve buttons of the mate, some dollars wrappedin old rags, a tobacco-box, an old pipe, a brooch with hair forminginitials, some letters which were signed j. evelyn, and which iperceived were from my grandfather, and probably taken by jacksonafter my mother's death.
i say letters, because they were such, as iafterwards found out, but i had not then ever seen a letter, and myfirst attempt to decipher written hand was useless, although i didmanage to make out the signature.
there was in the tobacco-box aplain gold wedding-ring, probably my mother's; and there was also alock of long dark hair, which i presumed was hers also.
there werethree or four specimens of what i afterwards found out to be gold andsilver ores, a silver pencil-case, and a pair of small gold ear-rings.
at the bottom of the hole was the belt; it was of soft leather,and i could feel a hard substance in it sewed in every square,which of course i presumed were the diamonds, but i did not cutone of the divisions open to see what was in them.
it had on theupper part of it, in very plain writing, "the property of mr j.evelyn, 33, minories, london."
i examined all these articles oneafter another, and having satisfied my curiosity, i replaced them inthe hole for a future survey.
i covered the hole with the board, andput back the gravel and the feathers into the bed-place.
thisoccupied me about two hours, and then i again took my former positionon the rocks, and remained in a state of listless inactivity of bodyand mind the remainder of that day.
this state of prostration lasted for many days--i may say for weeks,before it was altogether removed.
i could find no pleasure in mybooks, which were taken up, and after a few moments laid aside.
itwas now within a month of the time that the birds should come to theisland.
i was in no want of them for sustenance; there were plentyleft, but i almost loathed the sight of food.
the reader may inquirehow it was that i knew the exact time of the arrival of the birds?
ireply that the only reckoning ever kept by jackson and me was thearrival of the full moons, and we also made a mark on the rock everytime that the moon was at the full.
thirteen moons were the quantitywhich we reckoned from the time of the birds appearing on the islandone year, until their re-appearance the next; and twelve moons hadnow passed.
at length, tired with everything, tired of myself, and imay say, almost tired of life, i one day took it into my head that iwould take some provisions with me and a bottle to hold water, and goup the ravine, and cut firewood which should last me a long while;and that i would remain up there for several days, for i hated thesight of the cabin and of all that was near to it.
the next day iacted upon this resolution, and slinging my dry provisions on myshoulder, i set off for the ravine.
in an hour i had gained it; butnot being in a hurry to cut wood, i resolved upon climbing higher up,to see if i could reach the opposite side of the island; that is, atleast, get over the brow of the hill, to have a good view of it.
icontinued to climb until i had gained a smooth grassy spot, which wasclear of brushwood; and as i sat down to rest myself, i observed someblue flowers which i had never seen before, indeed i did not knowthat there was a flower on the island.
as i afterwards discovered,they were one of the varieties of gentianellas.
i looked at them,admired them, and felt quite an affection for them; they were verypretty, and they were, as well as myself, alone.
jackson, when i waspointing out the english cottages in the landscapes of "mavor'snatural history," had told me a great deal about gardening inengland, and how wild flowers and trees were transplanted andimproved by culture; how roses and other plants were nailed up thewalls, as i had observed in the engravings, and how they were wateredand kept; and as i sat down looking at the flower, the thoughtoccurred to me, why should i not take it with me, and keep it formyself?
i can water it, and take care of it.
i resolved that i woulddo so, for i already looked upon the plant as a treasure.
i took itup carefully with my american knife, leaving sufficient mould aboutthe roots, and then i proceeded to ascend the hill; but before i hadgone another hundred yards, i found at least a dozen more of theseplants in flower, all finer than the one i had dug up, and three orfour others very different from these, which were also quite new tome.
i was puzzled what to do; i put down the plants i had dug up andcontinued my ascent, not having made up my mind.
after half-an-hour'sclimbing, i gained the summit, and could perceive the ocean on theother side, and the other half of the island lying beneath me.
it wasvery grand from the height i stood on, but i observed littledifference between one side of the island and the other; all wasrugged barren rock as on my side, with the exception of the portionclose to me; this had brushwood in the ravine, which appeared to be asort of cleft through the island.
all was silent and solitary; not abird was to be seen, and nothing that had life could i discover.
iwas about to return, when i thought i might as well go down theravine facing me for a little way, and see what there was in it.
idid so, and discovered some other plants that i had not seen on myside of the island.
there were also some fern trees, and some twiningplants running up them, and i thought to myself, why, these plantsare what i saw in the picture of the english cottages, or very likethem.
i wonder if they would run up my cabin?
and then all at oncethe idea came to me that i would plant some of them round the cabin,and that i would make a garden of flowers, and have plants of my own.
the reader can hardly imagine the pleasure that this idea gave me; isat down to ruminate upon it, and felt quite happy for the time.
inow recollected, however, that the cabin was built on the rock, andthat plants would only grow in the earth.
at first this idea chilledme, as it seemed to destroy all my schemes, but i resolved that iwould bring some earth to the rock, and make my garden in that way.
iat first thought of the guano, but jackson had told me that it wasonly used in small proportions to enrich the soil, and would killplants if used by itself.
after an hour's consideration, during whichi called to mind all that jackson had told me on the subject, i madeup my mind i would return to the cabin, and on my return ascertainhow low down the ravine i could obtain earth for my garden; i wouldthen carry the earth to the cabin, make a soil ready for the plantsand flowers, and then, when all was ready, i would go up the ravine,collect what i could, and make my garden.
i did so.
i found that icould get soil about one-third of the way up the ravine, a quarter ofa mile below where the brushwood grew; and having ascertained that, ireturned to the cabin, threw down my provisions which were to havelasted me a week, and as it was late, i decided that i would notcommence operations until the following day.
i took out of the chest a duck frock, and tying up the sleeves andcollar, so as to form a bag of the body of the frock, i set off thenext morning to begin my task.
that day i contrived to carry to thecabin ten or twelve bags of mould, which i put round it in a borderabout four feet wide, and about a foot deep.
it occupied me a wholeweek to obtain the quantity of earth necessary to make the bed oneach side of the cabin; it was hard work, but it made me cheerful andhappy to what i had been before.
i found that the best cure formelancholy and solitude was employment, so i thus obtained valuableknowledge as well as the making of my garden.
when i had finishedcarrying the mould, i started off for the ravine with two bags tohold the plants which i might collect, and after a day's toil, ireturned with my bags full of small shrubs, besides a bundle ofcreepers to plant against the sides of the cabin.
the following daywas occupied in planting everything i had procured.
i was sorry tosee that the leaves and flowers hung down, but i watered them allbefore i went to bed.
the next morning i was delighted to perceivethat they had all recovered and were looking quite fresh.
but mygarden was not full enough to please me, and i once more went up theravine, selecting other plants which had no flowers on them, and oneor two other shrubs, which i had not before observed.
when these wereplanted and watered, my garden looked very gay and full of plants,and then i discovered the mould came down for want of support at theedges; i therefore went and picked up pieces of rock of sufficientsize to make a border and hold up the mould, and now all wascomplete, and i had nothing to do but to go on watering them daily.
this i did, and recollecting what jackson had said about the guano, igot a bag of it, and put some to each plant.
the good effect of thiswas soon observable, and before the birds came, my garden was in avery flourishing condition.
i cannot express to the reader the pleasure i derived from thislittle garden.
i knew every plant and every shrub, and talked to themas if they were companions, while i watered and tended them, which idid every night and morning, and their rapid growth was my delight.
ino longer felt my solitude so irksome as i had done.
i had somethingto look after, to interest me, and to love; they were alive as wellas i was; they grew, and threw out leaves and flowers; they weregrateful for the care i bestowed upon them, and became my companionsand friends.
i mentioned before that during the latter portion of the time i waswith jackson, he had taught me to sing several songs.
feeling tired,in my solitude, of not hearing the human voice, i found myself atfirst humming over, and afterwards singing aloud, the various airs ihad collected from him.
this afforded me much pleasure, and i used tosing half the day.
i had no one to listen to me, it is true, but asmy fondness for my garden increased, i used to sit down and sing tothe flowers and shrubs, and fancy that they listened to me.
but mystock of songs was not very large, and at last i had repeated them sooften that i became tired of the words.
it occurred to me that theprayer-book had the psalms of david at the end of it, set to music.
igot the book, and as far as the airs that i knew would suit, i sangthem all; never were psalms, probably, sung to such tunes before, butit amused me, and there was no want of variety of language.
every three or four days i would go up the ravine, and searchcarefully for any new flower or shrub which i had not yet planted inmy garden, and when i found one, as i often did, it was a source ofgreat delight.
at last the birds came, and i procured some of their eggs, whichwere a very agreeable change, after living so long upon dried meat.
my want of occupation occasioned me also to employ some of my time infishing, which i seldom had done while jackson was alive; and thiscreated a variety in my food, to which, for a long while, i had beena stranger.
jackson did not care for fish, as to cook it we wereobliged to go up the ravine for wood, and he did not like thetrouble.
when the birds came, i had recourse to my book on naturalhistory, to read over again the accounts of the man-of-war birds,gannets, and other birds mentioned in it; and there was a vignette ofa chinaman with tame cormorants on a pole, and in the letter-press anaccount of how they were trained and employed to catch fish for theirmasters.
this gave me the idea that i would have some birds tame, ascompanions, and, if possible, teach them to catch fish for me; but iknew that i must wait till the young birds were fit to be taken fromthe nest.
i now resolved that during the time the birds were mating, i wouldgo to the ravine and remain there several days, to collect bundles offirewood.
the firewood was chiefly cut from a sort of low bush, likethe sallow or willow, fit for making baskets, indeed fit for anythingbetter than firewood; however, there were some bushes which were of aharder texture, and which burnt well.
it was jackson who told me thatthe former were called willow and used for making baskets, and healso shewed me how to tie the faggots up by twisting the sallowstogether.
they were not, however, what jackson said they were--fromafter knowledge, i should say that they were a species of oleander orsomething of the kind.
having roasted several dozen of eggs quite hard, by way ofprovision, i set off one morning, and went to the ravine.
as jacksonhad said before, i had to walk under a wall of rock thirty feet high,and then pass through a water-course to get up to the ravine, whichincreased the distance to where the shrubs grew, at least half amile.
it was over this wall that the captain fell and was killed,because jackson would not assist him.
i gained the thicket where thebushes grew, and for three days i worked very hard, and had cut downand tied about fifty large faggots, when i thought that i hadcollected enough to last me for a long while; but i had still tocarry them down, and this was a heavy task, as i could not carry morethan one at a time.
it occurred to me that if i threw my faggots overthe wall opposite to where they had been cut down, i should savemyself nearly a mile of carriage, as otherwise i had to walk all theway to the water-course which divided the wall of rock, and then walkback again.
indeed, where i cut down the wood was not more than aquarter of a mile from the bathing-pool, and all down hill.
i wasdelighted at this idea, which i wondered had never occurred tojackson, and i commenced putting it into execution.
the top of thewall of rock was slippery from the constant trickling of the waterover the surface, but this was only in some places.
i carried myfaggots down one by one, and threw them over, being careful not tolose my footing in so doing.
i had carried all but three or four, andhad become careless, when, on heaving one over, my heels were thrownup, and before i could recover myself i slid down the remainder ofthe ledge and was precipitated down below, a distance of more thanthirty feet.
i must have remained there many hours insensible, but atlast i recovered and found myself lying on the faggots which i hadthrown down.
it was my falling on the faggots, instead of the hardrock, which had saved my life.
i rose as soon as i could collect myscattered senses.
i felt very sore and very much shaken, and theblood was running out of my mouth, but there were no bones broken.
iwas, however, too ill to attempt anything more that day.
i walkedhome at a very slow pace and went to bed.
a sound sleep restored me,and in a day or two i was quite recovered.
i watered my plants, whichi found drooping, as if they had grieved at my being so long awayfrom them, and then i returned to where my faggots had been left; andto lighten my labour i resolved to carry them down to the bathing-pooland stack them up there on the rocks near to it.
i mention thisfor reasons that the reader will comprehend bye-and-bye.
thisoccupied me two days, for i was not inclined, after my fall, to workhard; and very glad was i when the labour was over.
the young birds were now hatched, but i had to wait four or fiveweeks before they were fit to be taken.
i began again to findsolitude tedious.
the flowers in my garden had all bloomed andwithered, and there was not so much to interest me.
i recommencedreading the bible, and the narratives in the old and new testamentsagain afforded me pleasure.
i hardly need say to the reader that iread the bible as i would have read any other book--for amusement,and not for instruction.
i had learnt little from jackson--indeed, asregards the true nature of the christian religion, i may say, nothingat all.
i do not believe that he knew anything about it himself.
itis true that the precepts in the new testament struck me, and that iwas more interested about our saviour than anybody else; but i couldnot comprehend him, or his mission.
in short, i read in darkness; andi may say that i almost knew the bible by heart without understandingit.--how could i?
how many thousands are there who do the same,without having an excuse to offer for their blindness!
at last the time for taking the birds arrived, and i had thensufficient employment to keep me from being melancholy.
i collectedquite as many as we had done when jackson and i had to be providedfor; and with my new knives my labour was comparatively easy.
as soonas i had completed my provision, i went back to take the young birdswhich already i had selected and left for that purpose.
it was hightime, for i found that when i went to take them they were ready tofly.
however, after a good battle with the old birds (for i had takensix young ones--two from each nest, which arrayed a force of six oldones against me, who fought very valiantly in defence of theiroffspring), i succeeded in carrying them off, but followed by the oldbirds, who now screamed and darted close to me as they came pursuingme to the cabin.
as soon as i got safe back, i took the young birdsinto the cabin, tying each of them by the leg with a piece of fishingline, and the other end of the line i fastened to some pieces of rockwhich i had collected ready on the platform outside of the cabin.
theold birds continued to persecute me till it was dark, and then theywent away, and i, tired with my day's labour, was not sorry to go tosleep.
when i woke up the next morning, i found the old birds on theplatform, in company with the young ones, i presume trying topersuade them to fly away with them; but the lines on their legsprevented that.
they did not leave at my approach for some littlewhile; at last they all took wing, and went off to sea; but in thecourse of a few minutes they returned with some small fish in theirmouths, with which they fed their young ones.
they continued to dothis for the two following days, when there was a general break up,announcing the departure of the main body, which, after much soaringand wheeling in the air, flew off in a northerly direction.
the sixparent birds, who were with their young ones at the cabin, appearedfor some time very uneasy, flying round and round and screamingwildly; at last they soared in the air with loud shrieks, and flewaway after the main body, which was still in sight--their love fortheir young overpowered by their instinctive habits.
i was not sorrywhen they were gone, as i wanted to have my new family all to myself.
i went down to the rocks and caught a fish, which was large enough tosupply them for three or four days.
i fed them with the inside of thefish, and they ate it very heartily.
for several days they appearedvery uneasy; but gradually they settled, and not only appeared toknow me, but to welcome my coming, which was to me a source of greatpleasure.
i now neglected my flowers for the birds, which were the moreanimated of the two; and i sat down for hours on the platform with mysix companions, who i must own were not over-lively and intelligent,but they were alive, and had eyes.
they seldom roused up, unless ibrought them fish, of which they had a supply four times a day, andthen they would stand on their legs and open their beaks far apart,each waiting for its share.
they were a great happiness to me, and iwatched their gradual increase of plumage and of size, which was veryrapid.
i gave them all names out of my natural history book.
one waslion, then tiger, panther, bear, horse, and jackass (at the time thati named them, the last would have been very appropriate to them all);and as i always called them by their names as i fed them, i soonfound, to my great joy, that they knew them well enough.
i read my books to them by way of amusement; i sang mysongs to them; i talked to them; i would even narrate the varioushistories out of the bible to them, such as that of joseph and hisbrethren, &c., and the stolid air with which the communications werereceived made me almost imagine they were listened to.
after a time, i took the line off the legs of two of them, with theprecaution of first cutting their wings, and these two became muchmore lively, following me into the cabin and generally staying thereduring the night.
as i found that no attempt was made to escape, ilet them all loose, after having cut their wings, and they allbehaved equally well with the two first to which i had given theirliberty.
the perfect obedience and good behaviour of my new companions againgave me leisure that was not altogether desirable, as it left avacuum to fill up.
but i returned to my garden.
i could do no more atpresent but water my plants and look at the increased daily growth ofthe climbers, as they now boldly ascended the sides of the cabin; buti thought it was high time to go up into the ravine and about theisland, to see if i could not add to my collection.
one morning i set off up the ravine.
i was not successful, so icontented myself with carrying, by the long road, those faggots whichi had left behind me on the day when i fell over the precipice.
thislabour i finished, and then returned to the cabin, where i was met bymy birds with half-extended wings and open mouths, as if they werevery glad to see me, and very hungry into the bargain.
i ought toobserve that my birds appeared now to separate into pairs, male andfemale, as their difference of plumage denoted.
lion and horse werealways side by side, as were jackass and bear, and tiger and panther.
i now fed them one by one, calling them by name, to which theyimmediately responded, and if anyone came who was not called, it wasswitched for its trouble.
the next morning i set off on another voyage of discovery afterplants, and this time i resolved upon trying what i could find amongthe crevices of the rocks, for i had seen at a distance what appearedto me to be a very pretty flower on the ledge of one of the clefts.
idid not go up the ravine this time, but commenced climbing the rocksbehind where the cabin was built.
it was hard work, but i was noteasily discouraged, and after a couple of hours i arrived at a levelwhich i had in view when i commenced my labour, and here i was amplyrewarded, for i found several plants quite new to me, and a varietyof ferns, which i thought very beautiful, although they had noflowers.
the scene, from where i stood, was awful and beautiful.
ilooked down upon the rocks below, and the cabin, which appeared verysmall, and i thought that i could see my birds like dots upon theplatform.
it was a bright day and smooth water, i could clearlydistinguish the other islands in the distance, and i thought that isaw something like a white speck close to them--perhaps it was avessel.
this made me melancholy, and i could not help asking myselfwhether i was to remain all my life upon the island, alone, or ifthere were any chance of my ever being taken off it.
as i looked downupon the cabin, i was surprised at the steepness of the rocks which ihad climbed, and felt alarmed, as if i never should be able to getback again.
but these thoughts were soon chased away.
i turned fromthe seaward, and looked inland.
i found that on one side of me therewas a chasm between the rocks, the bottom of which was so far downthat i could not see it; and on the other side the rock rose up asstraight as a wall.
my attention was soon diverted by discoveringanother plant, and i now commenced my task of digging them all up.
iobtained, with the ferns, about twenty new varieties, which i made upin a bundle ready for carrying down slung round my neck, for i knewthat i should require both hands to descend with.
then i sat down torest myself a little before i commenced my return, and after i hadbeen seated a few minutes, i thought i would sing a song by way ofamusement.
i have before said that, tired of repeating the words of the songswhich jackson had taught me, i had taken those of psalms in metre, atthe end of the prayer-book, by way of variety; and, as far as metrewent, they answered very well, although people would have beensurprised to have heard psalms sung to such quick and varied measure.
the psalm i chose this time was the first--"how blest is he who ne'erconsents;" and i began accordingly; but when i came to the end of theline, to my astonishment i heard a plaintive voice, at a distance,repeat after me "con-sents."
i looked round.
i thought i must havebeen deceived, so i continued--"by ill advice to walk."
this time icould not be mistaken--"to walk" was repeated by the same voice asplainly as possible.
i stopped singing, lost in wonder.
there must besomebody on the island as well as myself, thought i; for i never hadheard an echo before, except when it thundered, and such echoes i hadput down as a portion of the thunder.
replied the voice.
was the answer.
idid not know what to make of it.
i cried out again and again, andagain and again i heard what i said repeated, but no answer to myquestions.
i thought i was insulted by somebody, and yet, when ilistened, the voice that spoke came from the face of the rock on theother side of the chasm, and no one could be there without my seeingthem.
this made me think that i was mistaken, and that there couldnot be anybody, but still i could not solve the mystery.
at last ibecame frightened, and as the sun was now setting, i determined toget back to the cabin.
i did so, and went down much faster than i hadgone up, for as it grew dark i became the more alarmed.
the onlything that re-assured me was the softness and plaintiveness of thevoice--not like jackson's, but as of someone who would not think ofinjuring me.
although i was, generally speaking, quiet and content with myisolated position, yet it was only when i was employed or amused withmy favourites.
at times, i could not find anything to do, and wasovercome by weariness.
i would then throw away my books, and remainfor hours thinking upon the probability of my ever again seeing afellow creature; and a fit of melancholy would come over me, whichwould last many days.
i was in one of these moods, when it occurredto me, that, although i had seen the other side of the island fromthe summit, i had not gone down to the beach to explore it; and iresolved that i would do so, making a trip of three or four days.
when my knives had become blunt, jackson had told me how to sharpenthem, by rubbing the blades upon a hard flat piece of rock, wettedwith water.
this i had found to answer very well, and i nowdetermined i would try and sharpen one of the old axes in the sameway, so as to make it serviceable, for i was very much afraid ofbreaking my knives in cutting down the brushwood, and i knew how muchmore rapidly it could be done with an axe.
i picked out a largestone, suitable for the purpose, and with a kid of water at hand, iset-to to sharpen the axe.
it was a long job, but in a day or two ihad succeeded admirably, and the axe was in good order.
i thenthought how i could leave my birds for so many days, as they wouldrequire food.
at last, i considered that if i caught two large fishand cut them up, they would be sufficient for their sustenance.
i didso, and provided with a packet of dried birds for food, tied up in aduck frock, with my natural history book for amusement, a pannikin toget water in, my axe on my shoulder, and my knives by my side--ifirst kissed all the birds, and told them to remain quiet and goodtill i came back--i set off on a bright clear morning on my tour ofexamination.
in a couple of hours i had gained the summit of the island, andprepared for my descent, by sitting down and eating my dinner.
iobserved that, as before, the water on the other side of the islandwas quite smooth, compared to what it was on the side where iresided.
it was, in fact, from the prevailing winds during the year,the lee side of the island.
having rested myself sufficiently, icommenced my descent, which i accomplished in little less time thanit took me to ascend from the other side.
as i neared the rocks bythe shore, i thought i perceived something occasionally moving abouton them.
i was not mistaken, for as i came closer, i found that therewere several large animals lying on the rocks, and occasionallydropping into the sea close to them.
the sight of anything living was to me of great interest.
idetermined to get nearer, and ascertain what animals they were.
atlast, by creeping along from rock to rock, i arrived to within fortyyards of them.
i recollected some animals of the same shape in mybook of natural history, which, fortunately, i had with me in theduck frock, and sitting down behind the rock, i pulled it out, andturned over the pages until i came to a print which exactly answeredto their appearance.
it was the seal.
having satisfied myself on thatpoint, i read the history of the animal, and found that it was easilytamed, and very affectionate when taken young, and also might beeasily killed by a blow on the nose.
these, at least, were for me thetwo most important pieces of information.
it occurred to me that itwould be very pleasant to have a young seal for a playmate (for thegannets, after all, were not very intelligent), and i resolved toobtain one if i could.
i put down my duck frock with my provisionsbehind the rock, and taking my axe in my hand, i cautiously advancedto where the animals lay.
there were about twenty of them alltogether on one rock, but they were all large, and seemed to be aboutfive or six feet long.
i could not see a small one anywhere, so iwalked in behind the rocks farther to the right, towards anotherrock, where i saw another batch of them lying.
as i neared them, isaw by herself a seal with a young one by her side, not more than twofeet long.
this was what i wanted.
they lay at some distance from thewater, upon a low rock.
i watched them for some time, and was muchamused at the prattling which passed between the old and the youngone.
i thought that to obtain the young one, i must of course killthe old one, for i perceived that it had large teeth.
i considered itadvisable to get between them and the water, that they might notescape me, and i contrived so to do before i made my appearance.
assoon as the old one perceived me running to them, it gave a shrillcry, and then floundered towards the water; as we came closetogether, it showed its teeth, and rose upon its flappers to defenditself and its young one, which kept close to its side; but a blow onits nose with the axe rendered it motionless, and apparently dead.
delighted with my success, i seized hold of the young one and took itin my arms, and was carrying it away, when i found myself confrontedwith the male seal, which, alarmed by the cry of the female, had cometo her assistance.
it was much larger than the female, with moreshaggy hair about the neck and shoulders, and apparently very fierce.
i could not pass it, as it was in shore of me, and i had just time todrop the young seal, and leap behind a rock on one side, with my axeall ready.
the animal reared itself on the rock to pass over to me,when i saluted it with a blow on the head, which staggered it.
i hadlost my presence of mind by the creature coming upon me sounexpectedly, and my blow was not well aimed, but before it couldrecover the first blow, another on its nose tumbled it over, to allappearance lifeless.
i then hastened to gain the other side of therock, where i had left the young seal, and found that it had crept toits mother's body, and was fondling it.
i took it in my arms, andretreated to where i had left my duck frock, and throwing everythingelse out, i put the animal in, and tied up the end, so that it couldnot escape.
i then sat down to recover myself from the excitementoccasioned by this first engagement i had ever been in, quitedelighted with my newly-acquired treasure.
i then thought what i should do.
it was now within an hour of dark,and was too late to return to the other side of the island, or iwould have done so, as i was anxious to get my seal home.
at last idecided that i would go farther from the beach, and take up myquarters for the night.
i collected my provision, and with my sealunder my arm, i walked away about one hundred yards from the water'sedge, and took up a position under a large rock; here i ate mysupper, and then untied the line which closed up the frock, and had aparting look at my little friend before i went to sleep.
he hadstruggled a good deal at first, but was now quiet, although heoccasionally made attempts to bite me.
i coaxed him and fondled him agood deal, and then put him into his bag again, and made him secure,which appeared to annoy him very much, as he was not half as quiet ina bag as he was when i held him in my lap.
i then took my book toread over again the history of the seal, and i found that their skinswere valuable, and also that they gave a great deal of oil, but i hadno use for oil, though i thought that their skins might be verycomfortable in my bed-place.
i shut my book and lay down to sleep,but i could not obtain any till near daylight, i had been so excited,and was so anxious about my treasure.
the sun shining in my eyes wokeme up; i found my seal was lying very quiet; i touched him to seethat he was not dead, and the cry that he gave assured me to thecontrary.
i then walked back to where i had left the bodies of theparents.
i found on examination that they were both dead, and alsothat their furs were very beautiful, and i resolved that i would havetheir skins.
but here was a difficulty.
if i took off the skins, icould not carry them with me, and i was anxious to get the young onehome, lest it should die of hunger, so i decided that i would firsttake home the young one, give it food and warm it, and then returnand skin the old ones.
i therefore made my breakfast, and leaving the remainder of myprovision in a cleft in the rock, that i might not have the troubleof bringing it again, i set off on my return, and used such diligencethat i was back at the cabin by noon.
i found my birds all well, andapparently quite satisfied with the provision that i had left them,for they were most of them asleep, and those that were awake did notnotice my arrival.
"ah," thought i, "you only like me for what i give you; next time igo away i will leave you hungry, and then when you see me come back,you will all flutter your wings with gladness."
i was puzzled where to put my seal so as to keep him safe: at last idecided upon opening the seaman's chest and putting him in that.
idid so, and gave him a piece of fish which the birds had not eaten.
the little creature devoured it eagerly, and i took my lines and wentdown to catch some fish for a further supply.
in half an hour ireturned with two large fish, and i then took the seal out of thechest and fed him again.
he ate very heartily; and i was glad toperceive that he appeared much tamer already.
i threw some of theinsides of the fish to the birds, who were now become of veryinferior interest to me.
having fed my animals, i then thought ofmyself, and, as i took my meal, i arranged that the next morning iwould go over to the other side of the island, skin the two seals,and spread out the skins on the rocks to dry, and would leave themthere till i had a better opportunity of bringing them to the cabin;at present i could not be away from my new acquaintance, which iwished to make tame and fond of me.
having fed him again in themorning, i put down the lid of the chest, and then started for thelee side of the island.
i arrived early, skinned both the seals, and dragged the skins upfrom the water-side, though with difficulty, especially that of thelarge one, to the rock where i had taken up my quarters the nightbefore.
here i spread them out to dry, putting large pieces of rockupon the edges, that they might not be blown away.
it was nearly duskwhen i had finished, but i set off, and an hour after dark arrived atthe cabin; for now that i knew my way so well, i got over the groundtwice as fast as i did before.
i crawled into my bed-place in thedark, and slept soundly after my fatigue.
i awoke the next morningwith the plaintive cry of my seal in the chest, and i hastened to getsome fish to feed him with.
i took him out and fed him; and wasastonished how tame the little animal had become already.
he remainedvery quietly with me after he had been fed, nestling close to myside, as if i had been his mother, and even making a half attempt tofollow me when i left him.
my birds appeared very dull and stupid, and i observed also thatthey were very dirty, and always rushed to the kid when it was fullof water, trying to get into it.
this made me think that theyrequired bathing in salt water, and i took one down to the bathing-pool,with a long line to its leg, and put it in.
the manner in whichthe poor creature floundered, and dipped and washed itself, forseveral minutes, proved my supposition correct; so, after allowing ithalf an hour for its recreation, i took it back, and went down withthe others until they had all indulged in the luxury of a bath; andfrom that time, as i took them down almost every day, it wasastonishing how much brighter and sleeker their plumage became.
i remained a week in the cabin, taming my seal, which now was quitefond of me; and one night, as i was going to bed, he crawled into mybed-place, and from that time he was my bed-fellow.
at the end of aweek i went over to the other side of the island, and contrived tocarry up the two skins to the summit.
it was a hard day's work.
theday afterwards i conveyed them to the cabin, and, as they were quitedry, i put them into my bed-place to lie down upon, as i did not likethe smell of the birds' feathers, although i had so long beenaccustomed to them.
and now, what with my seal, my birds, and my garden, and theoccupation they gave me, the time passed quickly away, until, by myreckoning, it was nearly the period for the birds to come again.
iobserved, as the time drew near, that my birds were uneasy.
they hadpaired, as i mentioned before, and when their plumage was complete,it was evident that they had paired male and female, as i hadsupposed.
they had not been tethered for a long while, and appearedto me now very much inclined to fly, especially the male birds.
atfirst i thought that i would cut all their wings, as i was fearfulthat they would join the other birds on their arrival, but observingthat they were so fond of their mates, i resolved to cut the wing ofthe females only, as i did not think that the male birds would leavethem.
i did so, and took my chance; for since i had the seal for acompanion, i did not care so much for the birds as before.
at lastthe birds came, and took possession of the guano-ground as usual, andi went for fresh eggs; at the same time i found that my females werescratching, as if they would make their nests, and a few daysafterwards they began to lay.
i then thought that as soon as they hadyoung ones they would wish to go away, so i took the eggs that werelaid, to prevent them, but i found that as fast as i took away theeggs they laid more, and this they did for nearly two months,supplying me with fresh eggs long after the wild birds had hatched,and left the island.
the male birds, at the time that the femalesfirst laid their eggs, tried their wings in short flights in circles,and then flew away out to sea.
i thought that they were gone, but iwas deceived, for they returned in about a quarter of an hour, eachwith a fish in its beak, which they laid down before their mates.
iwas much pleased at this, and i resolved that in future they shouldsupply their own food, which they did; and not their own food only,but enough for the seal and me also when the weather was fine, butwhen it was rough, they could not obtain any, and then i was obligedto feed them.
the way i obtained from them the extra supply of fishwas, that when they first went out, i seized, on their return, thefish which they brought, and as often as i did this they would go formore, until the females were fed.
but i had one difficulty to contend with, which was, that at thetime the birds could not obtain fish, which was when the weather wasrough, i could not either, as they would not take the bait.
aftersome cogitation, i decided that i would divide a portion of thebathing-pool farthest from the shore, by a wall of loose rock whichthe water could flow through, but which the fish could not get outof, and that i would catch fish in the fine weather to feed the sealand the birds when the weather was rough and bad.
as soon as i hadfinished curing my stock of provisions and got it safely housed inthe cabin, i set to work to make this wall, which did not take me avery long while, as the water was not more than two feet deep, andthe pool about ten yards across.
as soon as it was finished, i wentout every day, when it was fine, and caught as many fish as i thoughti might require, and put them into this portion of the bathing-pool.
i found the plan answer well, as the fish lived, but i had greatdifficulty in getting them out when i wanted them, for they would nottake the bait.
as my birds were no longer a trouble to me, but rather, on thecontrary, a profit, i devoted my whole time to my seal.
i required aname for him, and reading in the book of natural history that acertain lion was called nero, i thought it a very good name for aseal, and bestowed it on him accordingly, although what nero meant ihad no idea of.
the animal was now so tame that he would cry if everi left him, and would follow me as far as he could down the rocks,but there was one part of the path leading to the bathing-pool whichwas too difficult for him, and there he would remain crying till icame back.
i had more than once taken him down to the bathing-pool towash him, and he was much pleased when i did.
i now resolved that iwould clear the path of the rocks, that he might be able to follow medown the whole way, for he had grown so much that i found him tooheavy to carry.
it occupied me a week before i could roll away andremove the smaller rocks, and knock off others with the axe, but ifinished it at last, and was pleased to find that the animal followedme right down and plunged into the water.
he had not been down sincei had made the wall of rock to keep the fish in, and as soon as hewas in, he dived and came out with one of the fish, which he broughtto land.
"so now," thought i, "i shall know how to get the fish wheni want them--i shall bring you down, nero."
i may as well hereobserve that nero very soon obeyed orders as faithfully as a dog.
ihad a little switch, and when he did wrong, i would give him a slighttap on the nose.
he would shake his head, show his teeth, and growl,and then come fondly to me.
as he used to follow me every day down tothe pool, i had to break him off going after the fish when i did notwant them taken, and this i accomplished.
no one who had notwitnessed it, could imagine the affection and docility of thisanimal, and the love i had for him.
he was my companion and playmateduring the day, and my bedfellow at night.
we were inseparable.
it was at the latter portion of the second year of my solitude thata circumstance occurred, that i must now relate.
nero had gone downto the pool with me, and i was standing fishing off the rocks, whenhe came out of the pool and plunged into the sea, playing all sortsof gambols, and whistling with delight.
i did not think anythingabout it.
he plunged and disappeared for a few minutes, and thenwould come up again close to where my line was, but he disturbed thefish and i could not catch any.
to drive him farther off, i peltedhim with pieces of rock, one of which hit him very hard, and he diveddown.
after a time i pulled up my line, and whistling to him toreturn, although i did not see him, i went away to the cabin, fullyexpecting that he would soon follow me, for now he could walk (afterhis fashion) from the cabin to the pool as he pleased.
this was earlyin the morning, and i busied myself with my garden, which was now ingreat luxuriance, for i had dressed it with guano; but observingabout noon that he had not returned, i became uneasy, and went downto the pool to look for him.
he was not there, and i looked on thesea, but could not perceive him anywhere.
i called and whistled, butit was of no use, and i grew very much alarmed at the idea that mytreasure had deserted me.
"it could not be because i threw the piecesof rock at him," thought i; "he would not leave me for that."
iremained for two or three hours, watching for him, but it was all invain; there was no seal--no nero,--my heart sank at the idea of theanimal having deserted me, and for the first time in my life, as faras i can recollect, i burst into a flood of tears.
for the first timein my life, i may say, i felt truly miserable--my whole heart andaffections were set upon this animal, the companion and friend of mysolitude, and i felt as if existence were a burden without him.
aftera while, i retraced my steps to the cabin, but i was miserable, moreso than i can express.
i could not rest quiet.
two hours beforesunset, i went down again to the rocks, and called till i was hoarse.
it was all in vain; night closed in, and again i returned to thecabin, and threw myself down in my bed-place in utter despair.
"i thought he loved me," said i to myself, "loved me as i loved him;i would not have left him in that way."
and my tears burst out anewat the idea that i never should see my poor nero again.
the reader may think that my grief was inordinate and unwarrantable,but let him put himself in my position--a lad of sixteen, alone on adesolate island, with only one companion--true, he was an animal, andcould not speak, but he was affectionate; he replied to all mycaresses; he was my only companion and friend, the only object that iloved or cared about.
he was intelligent, and i thought loved me asmuch as i loved him, and now he had deserted me, and i had nothingelse that i cared about or that cared for me.
my tears flowed formore than an hour, till at last i was wearied and fell asleep.
it was early in the morning, and yet dark, when i felt somethingtouch me.
i started up--a low cry of pleasure told me at once that itwas nero, who was by my side.
yes, it was nero, who had come back,having climbed up again the steep path to the cabin, to return to hismaster.
need i say that i was overjoyed, that i hugged him as if hehad been a human being, that i wept over him, and that in a fewminutes afterwards we were asleep together in the same bed-place.
such was the fact, and never was there in my after life, so great atransition from grief to joy.
now, if you had left me,"--said i to him, the next morning,when i got up; "you naughty seal, to frighten me and make me sounhappy as you did!"
nero appeared quite as happy as i was at ourreunion, and was more affectionate than ever.
i must now pass over many months in very few words, just stating tothe reader what my position was at the end of three years, duringwhich i was alone upon the island.
i had now arrived at the age ofnear seventeen, and was tall and strong for my years.
i had left offwearing my dress of the skins of birds, having substituted one of theseaman's shirts, which i had found in the chest.
this, however, wasthe whole of my costume, and although, had it been longer it wouldhave been more correct, still, as i had no other companion but nero,it was not necessary to be so very particular, as if i had been insociety.
during these three years, i think i had read the bible andprayer-book, and my natural history book, at least five or six timesquite through, and possessing a retentive memory, could almost repeatthem by heart; but still i read the bible as a sealed book, for i didnot understand it, having had no one to instruct me, nor any gracebestowed upon me.
i read for amusement, and nothing more.
my garden was now in a most flourishing condition, the climbingplants had overrun the cabin, so as to completely cover the whole ofthe roof and every portion of it, and they hung in festoons on eachside of the door-way.
many of the plants which i had taken up small,when i moved them, had proved to be trees, and were now waving to thebreeze, high above the cabin roof; and everything that i had planted,from continual watering and guano, had grown most luxuriantly.
infact, my cabin was so covered and sheltered, that its original formhad totally disappeared, it now looked like an arbour in a clump oftrees, and from the rocks by the bathing-pool it had a verypicturesque appearance.
i had, of course, several times gone up the ravine, and now that myaxe had become useful, i had gradually accumulated a large stock ofwood down by the bathing-pool, more than i could use for a longwhile, as i seldom lighted a fire, but the cutting it was employment,and employment was to me a great source of happiness.
i had beenseveral times to the other side of the island, and had had moreencounters with the seals, of which i killed many, for i found theirskins very comfortable and useful in the cabin.
i had collected aboutthree dozen of the finest skins, which were more than i required, buti had taken them for the same reason that i had collected thefirewood, for the sake of employment, and in this instance, i mayadd, for the sake of the excitement which the combats with the sealsafforded me.
i have not narrated any of these conflicts, as i thought that theymight weary the reader, i must, however, state what occurred on oneoccasion, as although ludicrous, it nearly cost me my life.
i hadattacked a large male seal, with a splendid fur, for i always lookedout for the best skinned animals.
he was lying on a rock close to thewater, and i had gone into the water to cut him off and prevent hisescape by plunging in, as he would otherwise have done; but as iaimed the usual blow at his nose, my foot slipped on the wet rock,and i missed the animal, and at the same time fell down on the rockwith the axe in my hand.
the animal, which was a male of the largestsize, seized hold of my shirt (which i then wore) with his teeth,and, plunging with me into the sea, dived down into the deep water.
it was fortunate that he had seized my shirt instead of my body, andalso that i could swim well.
he carried me along with him--the shirt,for a few seconds, drawn over my head, when, disembarrassing myselfof the garment, by slipping my head and arms out, i left it in hispossession, and regained the surface of the water, almost suffocated.
it was fortunate that i did not wear sleeve-buttons; had i had them,i could not have disengaged myself, and must have perished.
i climbedthe rock again, and turning round, i perceived the seal on thesurface, shaking the shirt in great wrath.
this was a saddiscomfiture, as i lost not only my shirt but my axe, which i droppedwhen i was dragged into the water; nothing was saved except my knife,which i carried by a lanyard round my neck.
why i mention thiscircumstance particularly, is, that having felt great inconveniencefor want of sleeve-buttons to hold the wristbands of my shirttogether, i had thought of making use of those of the mate, which thereader may recollect had been given with his watch into jackson'scare, to take home to his wife; but on second consideration i thoughtit very possible i might lose them, and decided that the property wasin trust, and that i had no right to risk it.
this correct feeling onmy part, therefore, was probably the saving of my life.
i have only now to mention my birds, and of them i can merely saythat they went on as before; they bathed constantly, at the rightseason they laid eggs, the male birds caught fish and brought them tothe cabin, and they were just as stupid and uninteresting as theywere at first; however, they never left me, nor indeed shewed anyintention to leave me, after the first season of the birds returningto the island.
they were useful but not very ornamental, and not atall interesting to one who had such an intelligent companion as nero.
having now brought up my history, in a few words, until the timereferred to, i come to the narrative of what occurred to produce achange in my condition.
i have said that in the chest there was aspy-glass, but it had been wetted with salt-water, and was useless.
jackson had tried to shew me how to use it, and had shewn mecorrectly, but the glasses were dimmed by the wet and subsequentevaporation from heat.
i had taken out all the glasses and cleanedthem, except the field-glass as it is called, but that being composedof two glasses, the water had penetrated between them, and it stillremained so dull that nothing could be distinguished through it, atthe time that jackson was shewing me how to use the instrument; itwas therefore put on one side as useless.
a year afterwards, i tookit out, from curiosity, and then i discovered that the moisturebetween the two glasses had been quite dried up, and that i could seevery clearly through it, and after a little practice i could use itas well as anybody else.
still i seldom did use it, as my eyesightwas particularly keen, and i did not require it, and as for anyvessel coming off the island, i had gradually given up all thoughtsof it.
it was one evening when the weather was very rough and the seamuch agitated, that i thought i saw something unusual on the water,about four miles distant.
i supposed at first it might be aspermaceti whale, for numbers used to play round the island atcertain seasons, and i used to watch their blowing and their gambols,if i may use the term, and jackson often told me long stories aboutthe whale fisheries; but a ray of the setting sun made the objectappear white, and i ran for the glass, and made out that it was aboat or a very small vessel, with a sail out, and running before thegale right down to the island.
i watched it till it was dark withmuch interest, and with thoughts of various kinds chasing each other;and then i began to consider what was best to do.
i knew that in anhour the moon would rise, and as the sky was not cloudy, although thewind and sea were high, i should probably be able to see it again.
"but they never can get on shore on this side of the island," thoughti, "with so much sea.
yes they might, if they ran for the bathing-pool."
after thinking a while, i decided that i would go down to thebathing-pool, and place lighted faggots on the rocks on each side ofthe entrance, as this would shew them where to run for, and how toget in.
i waited a little longer, and then taking my spy-glass andsome tinder with me, i went down to the pool, carried two faggots tothe rocks on each side, and having set them on fire and taken upothers to replace them as soon as they were burnt out, i sat downwith my spy-glass to see if i could make out where the boat might be.
as the moon rose, i descried her now within a mile of the island,and her head directed towards the beacon lights made by the burningfaggots.
i threw another faggot on each and went down for a furthersupply.
the gale had increased, and the spray now dashed over therocks to where the faggots were burning, and threatened to extinguishthem, but i put on more wood and kept up a fierce blaze.
in a quarterof an hour i could distinguish the boat; it was now close to theisland, perhaps three hundred yards distant, steering not directlyfor the lights, but more along shore.
the fact was that they hadhauled up, not knowing how they could land until they had observedthe two lights clear of each other, and then they understood why theyhad been made; and a moment afterwards they bore up right for theentrance to the bathing-pool, and came rushing on before the rollingseas.
i still trembled for them, as i knew that if the sea receded atthe time that they came to the ledge of rocks at the entrance, theboat would be dashed to pieces, although their lives might be saved,but fortunately for them, it was not so--on the contrary, they camein borne up on a huge wave which carried them clear over the ledge,right up to the wall of rock which i had made across the pool, andthen the boat grounded.
well done, that," said a voice from the boat.
"lower awaythe sail, my lads; all's right."
the sail was lowered down, and then, by the light of the fire, idiscovered that there were several people in the boat.
i had been toomuch excited to say anything; indeed, i did not know what to say.
ionly felt that i was no more alone, and the reader may imagine my joyand delight.
as soon as the sail was lowered, the men leaped over the sides ofthe boat into the water, and waded to the rocks.
"who are you?"
said one of the men, addressing me, "and how many ofyou are there here?"
"there is no one on the island but myself," replied i; "but i'm soglad that you have come."
then perhaps you'll tell us how to get something to eat,my hearty?"
"oh yes, wait a little, and i'll bring you plenty," replied i.
"well, then, look smart, that's a beauty, for we are hungry enoughto eat you, if you can find us nothing better."
i was about to go up to the cabin for some birds, when another mancalled out--"i say--can you get us any water?"
"oh yes, plenty," replied i.
"well then, i say, jim, hand us the pail out of the boat."
the one addressed did so, and the man put it into my hands, saying,"bring us that pail, boy, will you?"
i hastened up to the cabin,filled the pail full of water, and then went for a quantity of driedbirds, with which i hastened down again to the bathing-pool; i foundthe men had not been idle, they had taken some faggots off the stackand made a large fire under the rocks, and were then busy making asort of tent with the boat's sails.
"here's the water, and here's some birds," said i, as i came up tothem.
said the man who had first spoken to me, andappeared to have control over the rest.
he took one up and examinedit by the light of the fire, exclaiming, "queer eating, i expect."
"why, you didn't expect a regular hotel when you landed, did you,mate?"
said one of the men.
"no, if i had, i would have called for a glass of grog," replied he.
"i suspect i might call a long while before i get anyone to bring meone here."
as i knew that jackson called the rum by the name of grog, i said,"there's plenty of grog, if you want any."
"is there, my hearty,--where?"
"why, in that cask that's in the water on the other side of yourlittle ship," replied i.
"i can draw you some directly."
in that cask?
grog floating about in salt water, that's toobad.
come here all of you--you're in earnest, boy--no joking i hope,or you may repent it."
"i'm not joking," said i--"there it is."
the man, followed by all the rest, excepting one of the party, wadedinto the water, and went to the cask of rum.
"take care," said i, "the spiles are in."
"so i see--never fear, my hearty--come now all of us."
so saying,the whole of them laid hold of the cask by the chains, and lifting itup, they carried it clean out of the water, and placed it on therocks by the side of the pool.
"hand us the little kid out of the boat, jim," said the man; "we'llsoon see if it's the right stuff."
he took out the spiles, drew off some of the liquor, and tasting it,swore it was excellent.
it was then handed round, and all the mentook some.
"we're in luck to-night; we're fallen upon our legs," said the firstman.
"i say, jim, put them dried chickens into the pitch-kettle alongwith some taters out of the bag--they'll make a good mess; and thenwith this cask of grog to go to, we shan't do badly."
"i say, old fellow," said he, turning to me, "you're a regulartrump.
who left you on shore to get all ready for us?"
"i was born here," replied i.
well, we'll hear all about that to-morrow--just now,we'll make up for lost time, for we've had nothing to eat or drinksince wednesday morning.
look alive, my lads!
get up the hurricane-house.
jim, put the pail of water into the kettle, and send the islanderhere for another pailful, for grog."
the pail was handed to me, and i soon returned with it full, and, asi did not see that they had a pannikin, i brought one down and gaveit to them.
"you're a fine boy," said the mate; (as i afterwards found out thathe was).
"and now, i say, where do you hold out?
have you a hut or acave to live in?"
"yes," replied i; "i have a cabin, but it is not large enough forall of you."
we don't want to go there--we are very well where we are,alongside of the cask of rum, but you see, my lad, we have a womanhere."
said i; "i never saw a woman.
where is she?"
"there she is, sitting by the fire."
i looked round, and perceived that there was one of the partywrapped up in a blanket, and with a wide straw hat on the head, whichcompletely concealed the form from me.
the fact is, that the womanlooked like a bundle, and remained by the fire quite as inanimate.
atmy saying that i never saw a woman, the man burst into a loud laugh.
"why, did you not say that you were born on the island, boy?"
saidthe mate at last.
"were you born without a mother?"
"i cannot recollect my mother--she died when i was very young; andtherefore i said, that i had never seen a woman."
"well, that's explained; but you see, my lad--this is not only awoman, but a very particular sort of a woman; and it will not do forher to remain here after we have had our supper--for after supper,the men may take a drop too much, and not behave themselves; so iasked you about your cabin, that you might take her there to sleep.
can you do that?"
"yes," replied i; "i will take her there, if she wishes to go."
"that's all right then, she'll be better there than here, at allevents.
i say, boy, where did you leave your trousers?"
"i never wear any."
"well then, if you have any, i advise you to put them on, for youare quite old enough to be breeched."
i remained with them while the supper was cooking, asking all mannerof questions, which caused great mirth.
the pitch kettle, which was alarge iron pot on three short legs, surprised me a good deal, i hadnever seen such a thing before, or anything put on the fire.
i askedwhat it was, and what it was made of.
the potatoes also astonishedme, as i had never yet seen an edible root.
"why, where have you been all your life?"
said one of the men.
"on this island," replied i, very naively.
i waded into the water to examine the boat as well as i could by thelight of the fire, but i could see little, and was obliged to defermy examination till the next day.
before the supper was cooked andeaten, i did, however, gain the following information.
that they were a portion of the crew of a whaler, which had struckon a reef of rocks about seventy miles off, and that they had beenobliged to leave her immediately, as she fell on her broadside a fewminutes afterwards; that they had left in two boats, but did not knowwhat had become of the other boat, which parted company during thenight.
the captain and six men were in the other boat, and the matewith six men in the one which had just landed--besides the lady.
"what's a lady?"
"i mean the woman who sits there; her husband was killed by some ofthe people of the sandwich isles, and she was going home to england.
we have a consort, another whaler, who was to have taken our cargo ofoil on board, and to have gone to england with that and her owncargo, and the missionary's wife was to have been sent home in her."
"what's a missionary?"
"well, i don't exactly know; but he is a preacher who goes out toteach the savages."
by this time the supper was cooked, and the odour from the pitchkettle was more savoury than anything that i had ever yet smelt.
thekettle was lifted off the fire, the contents of it poured into a kid,and after they had given a portion in the small kid to the woman, whostill remained huddled up in the blanket by the fire, they all satround the large kid, and commenced their supper.
"come, boy, and join us," said the mate, "you can't have had yoursupper; and as you've found one for us, it's hard but you shouldshare it with us."
i was not sorry to do as he told me, and i must say that i neverenjoyed a repast so much in my life.
"i say, boy, have you a good stock of them dried chickens of yours?"
said the mate.
"yes, i have a great many, but not enough to last long for so manypeople."
"well, but we can get more, can't we?"
replied i, "not until the birds come again, and that will notbe for these next five moons."
what do you mean?"
"i mean, five full moons must come, one after another."
"oh, i understand; why then we must not remain on the island."
"no," replied i, "we must all go, or we shall starve; i am so gladthat you are come, and the sooner you go the better.
will you takenero with you?"
"who is nero?"
"nero--my seal--he's very tame."
"well, we'll see about it; at all events," said he, turning to theother men, "we must decide upon something, and that quickly, for weshall starve if we remain here any time."
it appeared that they had left the whaler in such a hurry, that theyhad only had time to throw into the boat two breakers of water, fourempty breakers to fill with saltwater for ballast to the boat, andthe iron pitch kettle, with a large sack of potatoes.
as soon as supper was finished, they went to the cask for the rum,and then the mate said to me--"now i'll go and speak to the woman, and you shall take her to sleepin your cabin."
during the whole of this time the woman, as the mate called her, hadnever spoken a word.
she had taken her supper, and eaten it insilence, still remaining by the fire, huddled up in the blanket.
onthe mate speaking to her, she rose up, and i then perceived that shewas much taller than i thought she could have been; but her panamahat still concealed her face altogether.
"now then, my lad," said the mate, "shew the lady where she is tosleep, and then you can join us again if you like."
"will you come with me?"
said i, walking away.
the woman followed me up the path.
when we arrived at the platformopposite the cabin, i recollected nero, whom i had ordered to staythere till my return.
"you won't be afraid of the seal," said i, "will you?
he is verygood-natured.
nero, come here."
it was rather dark as nero came shuffling up, and i went forward tocoax him, for he snarled a little at seeing a stranger.
"have you no light at hand?"
said my companion, speaking for thefirst time in a very soft, yet clear voice.
"no, i have not, but i will get some tinder, and make a fire withone of the faggots, and then you will be able to see."
"do so, then, my good lad," replied she.
i thought her voice very pleasing.
i soon lighted the faggot and enabled her to see nero (who was nowquite quiet) and also the interior of the cabin.
she examined the cabin and the bed-places, and then said,"where do you sleep?"
i replied by shewing her my bed-place.
"and this," said i, pointingto the one opposite, "was jackson's, and you can sleep in that.
nerosleeps with me.
here are plenty of seal skins to keep you warm if youare cold.
are your clothes wet?"
"no, they are quite dry now," replied she; "if you will get me someseal skins, i will lie down on them, for i am very tired."
i spread five or six skins one on the other, in jackson's bed-place,and then i went out and threw another faggot on the fire, that wemight have more light.
"do you want anything else?"
"nothing, i thank you.
are you going to bed now?"
"i was meaning to go down again to the men, but now i think of it, ido not like to leave you alone with nero, as he might bite you.
areyou afraid of him?"
"no, i'm not much afraid, but still i have no wish to be bitten, andi am not used to sleep with such animals, as you are."
"well then, i'll tell you how we'll manage it.
i will take someskins outside, and sleep there.
nero will not leave me, and then youwon't be afraid.
the weather is clearing up fast, and there's verylittle wind to what there was--besides, it will be daylight in threeor four hours."
"as you please," was the reply.
accordingly i took some seal skins out on the platform, andspreading them, i lay down upon them, wishing her good-night, andnero soon joined me, and we were both fast asleep in a few minutes.
nero, who was an early riser, woke me up at day-break, or i shouldhave slept much longer; for i had been tired out with the fatigue andexcitement of the night before.
as soon as i was up, i looked intothe cabin, and found the woman was fast asleep; her straw hat wasoff, but she had lain down in her clothes.
her black hair was hangingabout her shoulders.
having only seen jackson with his bushy beard, ihad been somewhat surprised when i first saw the men on their landingso comparatively clear of hair on their face; my astonishment at theclear white skin of a woman--and in this instance, it was peculiarlywhite and pallid--was very great.
i also perceived how much moredelicate her features were than those of the men; her teeth, too,were very white, and jackson's were discoloured and bad; i longed tosee her eyes, but they were closed.
any other difference i could notperceive, as she had drawn the blanket close up to her chin.
"this is then a woman," said i to myself: "yes, and it's very likewhat i used to see in my dreams."
i looked a little longer, and then,hearing nero coming into the cabin behind me, and afraid that shewould awake, i made a hasty retreat.
i remained at this part of the cabin considering what i should do.
ithought i would light a fire, and go down for a fish to broil on theembers for her breakfast, so i called nero to come down with me.
onarriving at the pool, i found all the seamen fast asleep under thetent they had made with the boat's sails; and they appeared to bemuch the same as jackson used to be after he had got drunk the nightbefore; i presumed therefore, that such was their state, and was notfar wrong.
nero went into the pool and brought out a fish, as iordered him, and i then walked to the boat to examine it.
this tookme half an hour, and i was sorry that none of the men were awake,that so i might ask any questions i wished.
i examined the pitch-kettle,and the boat's sails, and the breakers.
breakers are small casks,holding about six to seven gallons of water, and are very handyfor boats.
i remained about an hour, and then went back to thecabin, carrying a faggot on my shoulder, nero following with the fishin his mouth.
we were met by the woman, who came out of the cabin;she no longer had the blanket round her, for it was a beautifulbright morning, and very warm.
"nero is bringing you your breakfast," said i, "so you ought to likehim."
"i dare say i shall, if we are to be companions in future," repliedshe.
"do you want anything?"
"yes, a little water, if you can get me some."
i filled the kid from the spring, put it down by her, and then tookout the inside of the fish, and fed the birds, who were crowdinground me.
the woman washed her face and hands, braided up her hair, and thensat down on the rock.
in the meantime, i had lighted my faggot,cleaned the fish, and waited till the wood was burnt to ashes beforei put the fish on the fire.
having then nothing to do, i thought thatreading would amuse the woman, and i went in for the bible.
"shall i read to you?"
"yes," replied she, with some astonishment in her looks.
i read to her the history of joseph and his brethren, which was myfavourite story in the bible.
"who taught you to read?"
said she, as i shut the book, and put thefish on the embers.
"jackson," said i.
"he was a good man, was he not?"
i shook my head.
"no, not very good," said i, at last.
"if you knewall about him, you would say the same; but he taught me to read."
"how long have you been on this island?"
"i was born on it, but my father and mother are both dead, andjackson died three years ago--since that i have been quite alone,only nero with me."
she then asked me a great many more questions, and i gave her ashort narration of what had passed, and what jackson had told me; ialso informed her how it was i procured food, and how we must soonleave the island, now that we were so many, or the food would notlast out till the birds came again.
by this time the fish was cooked, and i took it off the fire and putit into the kid, and we sat down to breakfast; in an hour or so, wehad become very sociable.
i must however now stop a little to describe her.
what the men hadtold me was quite true.
she had lost her husband, and was intendingto proceed to england.
her name was reichardt, for her husband was agerman, or of german family.
she was, as i have since ascertained,about thirty-seven years old, and very tall and elegant; she musthave been very handsome when she was younger, but she had sufferedmuch hardship in following her husband as she had done, through allthe vicissitudes of his travels.
her face was oval; eyes black and large; and her hair black as theraven's wing; her features were small and regular; her teeth whiteand good; but her complexion was very pallid, and not a vestige ofcolour on her cheeks.
as i have since thought, it was more like amarble statue than anything i can compare her to.
there was a degreeof severity in her countenance when she did not smile, and it wasseldom that she did.
i certainly looked upon her with more awe thanregard, for some time after i became acquainted with her; and yet hervoice was soft and pleasant, and her manners very amiable; but itmust be remembered i had never before seen a woman.
after breakfastwas over, i proposed going down to where the seamen lay, to see ifthey were awake, but i told her i thought that they would not be.
"i will go with you, as i left a basket with some things of mine inthe boat, and it will be as well to bring them up at once."
we therefore set off together, i having ordered nero to stay in thecabin.
on our arrival at the pool we found the men still fast asleep;and by her directions i went into the water to the boat, and broughtout a basket and a small bundle which she pointed out.
"shall i wake them?"
"no, no," replied she; "so long as they sleep, they will be doing noharm.
but," said she, "we may as well take some potatoes up with us;fill both these handkerchiefs," continued she, taking two out of thebundle.
i did so, and she took one and i the other, and we returnedto the cabin.
"are these all the birds that you have for food?"
said she, lookingat the pile in the cabin.
"yes," replied i.
"but what are we to do with the potatoes?"
"we can roast them by the fire if we like," said she; "but atpresent we had better take them into the cabin.
did you plant allthese flowers and creepers which grow over the cabin?"
"yes," replied i.
"i was alone and had nothing to do, so i thought iwould make a garden."
"they are very pretty.
now that i am back, you can go down to themen if you please, and tell them, when they wake up, that i wish tohave the smallest of the boat's sails, to make a screen of.
tell themate, he is the most civil."
"i will," said i.
"is there anything else?"
"yes, bring up a few more potatoes; they will let you take them ifyou say that i told you."
"shall i take nero with me?"
"yes, i do not want his company, for i am a little afraid of him."
i called nero, who came after me, and went down to the pool, when ifound that the men had all woke up, and were very busy, some lightinga fire, some washing potatoes, and some trying to catch the fish inthe pool.
"oh, here he is.
come, boy, what have you got for our breakfast?
we've been trying to catch some of these fish, but they're as quickas eels."
"nero will soon catch you what you want," replied i.
"here, nero, in."
nero plunged in, and soon brought out a fish, and i then sent him infor another.
"thanks, lad," said the mate; "that will be enough for ourbreakfast.
that seal of yours is a handy fellow, and well trained."
while the other men were getting breakfast, one of them went up tonero, i believe with the intention of making friends with him, butnero rejected his advances, and showed his sharp teeth, snapping athim several times.
the man became angry, and caught up a piece ofrock to throw at the seal.
he aimed at the animal's nose, andnarrowly missed hitting it.
had he done so, he would probably havekilled it.
this made me very angry, and i told the man not to do soagain; upon this, he caught up another, and was about to throw it,when i seized him by the collar with my left hand, and with my rightdrawing my american knife, i threatened to stab him with it, if heattacked the beast.
the man started back, and in so doing, fell overa piece of rock, on his back.
this quarrel brought the mate to us,along with two or three of the men.
my knife was still lifted up,when the mate said--"come, my hearty, no knives, we don't allow them.
put it up, no one shall hurt the beast, i promise you.
bob,you fool, why couldn't you leave the animal alone?
you forget you areamong savages, here."
at this, the other men burst out into a laugh.
"yes," observed one; "i can swear, when i get back, that the nativesof this island are savages, who eat raw flesh, have seals forplaymates, and don't wear clothes enough for common decency."
this made them laugh more, and the man who had attacked nero, andwho had got upon his legs again, joined with the others; so all wasagain good-humour.
the men sat down to their breakfast, while iexamined the boat again, and afterwards asked many questions, withwhich they were much amused, every now and then observing, "well, heis a savage!"
after they had breakfasted, i made nero catch another fish and senthim up to the cabin with it, as i was afraid that the man might dohim an injury, and then told the mate that the woman had desired meto bring up some potatoes.
"take them," said he; "but you have nothing to carry them up with.
here, fill the pail, and i will go to the cabin with you."
"she told me that i was to ask you for a small boat's sail, to hangup as a screen."
"well, she shall have the boat's mizen.
we don't want it.
i'll carryit up."
the mate threw the sail and yard over his shoulder, and followed meup to the cabin.
on our arrival, we found the missionary's wifesitting on the platform, nero lying not far from her, with the fishbeside him.
the mate took off his hat, and saluted my new companion,saying, "that he hoped she was comfortable last night."
"yes," replied she, "as much so as i could expect; but i turned thisgood lad out of his cabin, which i do not wish to do again, andtherefore i requested the sail for a screen.
now, john gough, what doyou intend to do?"
the mate replied, "i came up here to see what quantity of provisionsthe lad might have.
by his account, it will not last more than amonth, and it will take some time before we can reach where we arelikely to fall in with any vessel.
stay here we cannot, for we shallonly eat the provision and lose time, therefore, the sooner we areoff the better."
"if you take all the provision, of course you will take the lad withyou?"
"of course we will."
"and my chest, and my seal?"
"yes, your chest, certainly, but as for your seal, i do not knowwhat to say to that--he will be starved in the boat, and if you givehim his liberty, he will do well enough."
"what you say is very true," replied the woman.
"i am afraid, boy,that you will have to part with your friend.
it will be better forboth of you."
i made no reply, for it cut me to the heart to think of parting withnero; but still i had sense enough to perceive that what they saidwas right.
the mate then went into the cabin, and examined the heap of driedbirds which i had collected, and having made his calculation, saidthat there were sufficient for three weeks, but not more.
"and when do you think of leaving this island?"
inquired the woman.
"the day after to-morrow, if i can persuade the men, madam," repliedhe; "but you know they are not very easy to manage, and verythoughtless, especially now that they have so unexpectedly fallen inwith liquor."
"that i admit," replied she; "but as they will probably take theliquor in the boat, that will not make so great a difference."
"i shall go down and speak to them now they're all sober," repliedthe mate, "and will let you know in the evening, or to-morrowmorning, perhaps, will be better."
the mate then saluted her bytouching his hat, and left us.
there was one thing which had made a great impression on me in theconversation with the men in the morning.
they called me a savage,and said that i had not sufficient clothes on; and as i observed thatthey were all dressed in jackets and trousers, which covered themfrom head to foot, i took it for granted that my shirt, which was allthat i wore, was not a sufficient clothing.
this had never occurredto me before, nor can the reader be surprised at it.
i had been likeour first parents in eden--naked but not ashamed--but now that i hadsuddenly come in contact with my fellow-men, i felt as if somethingwere amiss.
the consequence was, that i went to the chest and got outa pair of white trousers, and put them on.
i thought them veryuncomfortable and very unnecessary articles, but others wore them,and i felt that i must do so also.
they were rather long for me, buti rolled up the bottoms of the legs, as i observed that the seamendid, and then came out on the platform, where the missionary's wifewas still seated, looking out upon the waves as they lashed therocks.
she immediately observed the addition that i had made to mydress, and said,"that is a great improvement.
now you look like other people.
whatis your name?
you have not told me."
when i had answered the question, i said to her--"i have brought up more of the potatoes, as you call them; what am ito do with them?"
"first tell me, have you any spot that you know about the islandwhere there is mould--that is, earth, like you have in your garden--where we can plant them?"
"yes," replied i, "there is some up there," and i pointed to one-thirdup the ravine.
"i brought all this earth from there, and there isplenty of it; but what is the good of planting them?"
"because," said she, "one of the potatoes planted will, in a veryshort time, grow, and then it will produce perhaps thirty or fortypotatoes at its roots as large as these; they are excellent thingsfor food, and where there is nothing else to be had, may be the meansof preserving life."
"well, that may be," replied i, "and if we were going to remain onthe island, it would be well to plant them, but as we are going awaythe day after to-morrow, what's the use of it?
i know that they arevery nice, for i had some for supper last night."
"but are we only to think of ourselves in this world, and not ofothers?"
"suppose, two or three years hence, anotherboat were to be cast away on this island, and not find, as we have,you here, with provisions ready for them, they would starvemiserably; whereas, if we plant these potatoes, they may find plentyof food and be saved.
only think how glad your father and motherwould have been to have found potatoes on the island when they werethrown on it.
we must not live only for ourselves, but we must thinkand try to do good to others--that is the duty of a christian."
"i think you are very right," replied i, "and a very kind persontoo.
if you wish it i will go and plant the potatoes this day.
how ami to plant them?"
"they have a shovel in the boat," said she, "for i saw them throwingthe water out with it.
go down and get it, and then i will go withyou and show you."
i went down and the mate gave me the shovel, which i carried up toher.
i found her cutting the potatoes into pieces, and she showed mehow she cut them, leaving an eye in each piece, and explained thereason for it.
i was soon very busy cutting away alongside of her,and before long the pail of potatoes was all ready to be planted.
we then walked to the ravine, and she showed me how to use theshovel, and i made the holes.
before noon we had planted all that wehad cut, but we had still the two handkerchiefs full that we had atfirst brought up with us.
we returned to the cabin, and i preparedthe fish for dinner.
after it was on the embers, she wished to havethe screen put up beside her bed-place.
"go down to the mate," said she, "and ask him for the hammer andthree or four nails.
i know they have them in the boat."
"i may as well take them down some birds for their dinner," repliedi, "for they will want them."
"yes, do so; and then come back to me as soon as you can."
the mate gave me the hammer, an article i had never seen before, andfive or six nails, with which i returned to the cabin, and nailed upthe sail as a screen.
"now you will be able to sleep in your own bed-place to-night," saidshe.
i made no reply, but i could not imagine why i could not have doneso the night before, for i had only gone out of the cabin that shemight not be frightened by nero being so close to her.
after we had eaten our dinner, she said to me--"how could you contrive to live on this island, if you had no driedbirds?"
replied i; "why, very badly.
i might catch fish; but thereare times in the year when you can catch no fish, they won't takebait, neither will they when the weather is rough.
besides, i haveonly two lines, and i might lose them both--then what would become ofme?
i should starve."
"well, then, you see under all circumstances, it was just as well toplant the potatoes, for other people may come here and be in yourposition."
"yes, that is true, but we shall not be here long now, and you don'tknow how glad i am to go.
i want to see all the things that i haveread about in my books.
i want to go to england and look forsomebody; but you don't know all that i know; some day i will tellyou all--everything.
i am so tired of living here by myself--nothingto say--no one to talk to--no one to care for, except nero, and hecan't speak.
i can't bear the idea of parting with him though."
"would you rather stay on the island with nero, than go away withouthim?"
"no," replied i; "go i must, but still i do not like to part withhim.
he is the only friend that i ever had, that i can remember."
"when you have lived longer, and mixed more with the world, my poorboy, you will then find how many sacrifices you will be obliged tomake, much more serious than parting with an animal that you areattached to.
i suppose you expect to be very happy if ever you getback to england?"
"of course i do; why should i not be?"
replied i; "i shall be alwayshappy."
the missionary's wife shook her head.
"i fear not.
indeed, i thinkif you live long enough, you will acknowledge that the happiest ofyour days were passed on this barren rock."
"jackson said otherwise," replied i.
"he was always grieving atbeing on the island, and not able to get back to england, and he toldme so many stories about england, and what is done there, and what abeautiful place it is, that i'm sure i shall like it better thanbeing here, even if i had somebody with me."
"well, you are in the hands of god, and you must put your trust inhim.
he will do with you as he thinks best for you--that you know, asyou read your bible."
"no, i didn't know that," replied i.
"god lives beyond the stars, along way off."
"is that all you have gained by reading your bible?"
inquired she,looking me in the face.
"no, not all," replied i; "but i do not understand a great deal thati read, i want some one to tell me.
i am so glad you came with themen in the boat, for i never saw a woman before.
i used to seesomebody in my dreams, and now i know it was a woman.
it was mymother, but i have not seen her for a long while now, and i havenobody but nero."
"my poor boy, you have a father in heaven."
"yes," replied i; "i know he is in heaven, and so is my mother, forjackson said that they were both very good."
"i mean your heavenly father, god.
do you not say in the lord'sprayer, 'our father which art in heaven.'
you must love him."
i was about to reply, when john gough, the mate, came up, and toldmy companion that he had been speaking to the men, and they hadagreed that the day after the next they would, if the weatherpermitted, leave the island; that they had examined the boat, andfound it required very little repair, and that all would be ready thenext day.
"i hope that they will not overload the boat," said she.
"i fear that they will, but i must do all i can to prevent it.
thecask of rum was rather an unfortunate discovery, and we had beenbetter without it.
leave it they will not, so we must put out of theboat all that we can possibly do without, for we shall be nine of us,and that will be plenty of weight with the addition of the cask."
"you promised to take my chest, you remember," said i.
"yes, i will do so if i possibly can; but recollect, i may not beable to keep my promise--for now that they have the liquor, the mendo not obey me as they did before, ma'am," said the mate.
"perhaps hehad better take the best of his clothes in a bundle, in case theyshould refuse to take in the chest; and i must say that, loaded asthe boat will be, they will be much to blame if they do not refuse,for the boat is but small for stowage, and there's all the provisionsto put in her, which will take up a deal of room."
"that is very true," replied the woman.
"it will be better to leavethe chest here, for i do not think that the boat will hold it.
youmust not mind your chest, my good boy; it is of no great value."
"they take my rum and all my birds, and they ought to take both meand my chest."
"not if it takes up too much room," replied the woman.
"you cannotexpect it.
the wishes of one person must give way to the wishes ofmany."
"why they would have starved if it had not been for me," replied i,angrily.
"that's very true, boy," replied the mate; "but you have to learnyet, that might is right; and recollect that what you did thismorning has not made you any great favourite with them."
"what was that?"
inquired my companion.
"only that he nearly drove his knife through one of the men, that'sall," replied the mate; "english sailors ar'n't fond of knives."
he then touched his hat, and went down again to the pool, desiringme to follow him with a kid for our share of the supper.
i did so,and on my return she asked me why i had drawn my knife upon theseaman, and i narrated how it occurred.
she pointed out to me theimpropriety of what i had done, asking me whether the bible did nottell us we were to forgive injuries.
"yes," replied i; "but is it not injuries to ourselves?
i didforgive jackson; but this was to prevent his hurting another."
why you talk of nero as if the animal was a rationalbeing, and his life of as much consequence as that of a fellow-creature.
i do not mean to say but that the man was very wrong, and that youmust have felt angry if an animal you were so fond of had beenkilled; but there is a great difference between the life of ananimal and that of a fellow-creature.
the animal dies, and there isan end of it; but a man has an immortal soul, which never perishes,and nothing can excuse your taking the life of a man, except inself-defence.
does not the commandment say, 'thou shalt not kill?'"
she then talked to me a long while upon the subject, and fully mademe understand that i had been very wrong, and i confessed that i hadbeen so.
i now resolved to speak to her relative to the belt which containedthe diamonds; and i was first obliged to narrate to her in a fewwords what jackson had told me.
she heard me with great interest, nowand then asking a question.
when i had told her all, i said--"now, as they talk of not taking my chest, what shall i do?
shall iwear the belt myself, or shall i put it in the bundle?
or will youwear it for me, as my mother would have done, if she had been alive?"
she did not reply for some time, at last she said, as if talking toherself, and not to me--"how unsearchable are thy ways, o god!"
indeed, although i did not feel it at the time, i have afterwardsthought, and she told me herself, how great her surprise was atfinding in the unshorn little savage, thus living alone upon adesolate rock, a lad of good birth, and although he did not know it,with a fortune in his charge, which would, in all probability, beultimately his own.
this is certain, that the interest she felttowards me increased every hour, as by degrees i disclosed my history.
"well," replied she, "if you will trust me, i will take charge ofyour belt.
to-morrow we will select out of the chest what will bebest to take with you, and then we will arrange as you wish."
after about an hour's more conversation, she went into the cabin,and retired behind the screen which had been fixed up, telling methat she did not mind nero, and that i might go to bed when ipleased.
as i was not much inclined to go down to the seamen, ifollowed her advice and went to bed; but i could not sleep for a longtime from the noise which the men made, who were carousing at thebathing-pool.
the idea of parting with nero also lay heavy upon myheart, though the woman had almost satisfied me that as soon as i wasgone, the animal would resume its natural habits, and care nothingfor me.
i was up the next morning early, and went down with nero to obtainthe fish which we required.
i left some on the rocks for the seamen'sbreakfast (for they were all sound asleep), and then returned to thecabin, and prepared for our own.
mrs reichardt, as i shall now callher, soon came out to me, and when breakfast was over, proposed thatwe should plant the remainder of the potatoes before we packed up thethings in the chest.
as soon as they were all cut, we set off to theravine, and had finished our task before noon, at which time therewere but few of the seamen stirring, they had remained up so long thenight before, drinking.
the mate was one of those who were on theirlegs, and he asked me if i thought we should have smooth water tolaunch the boat on the following day.
i replied in the affirmative,and went with mrs reichardt to the cabin, and putting down theshovel, i hauled my chest out on the platform to select what articlesi should take.
while we were thus employed, and talking at times, the men came upfor the dried birds to take down ready for putting them in the boaton the following day, and in two trips they had cleared out the wholeof them.
"have you used all the potatoes you brought up?"
said one of themen; "for we shall be short of provisions."
mrs reichardt replied that we had none left.
"well then," said the man, "the mate says you had better bring downthat brute of yours to catch the rest of the fish in the pond, thatwe may cook them before we start, as they will make two days' mealsat least."
"very well," replied i; "i will come down directly."
i did so, andnero, in a quarter of an hour, had landed all the fish, and i thenreturned with him to the cabin.
mrs r. had selected the best of theclothes, and made them up in a tight bundle, which she sewed up withstrong thread.
my books she had left out, as well as the spy-glass,and the tools i had, as they might be useful.
i asked her whether ishould carry them down to the bathing-pool, but she replied that onthe morning when we embarked would be quite time enough.
i then wentto the hole under jackson's bed-place, and brought out the belt andthe few articles that were with it.
mrs r., after having examinedthem, said that she would take care of them all; the watch and othertrinkets she put in her basket, the belt she took to the bed-place,and secreted it.
she appeared very silent and thoughtful, and on my asking herwhether i should not take down the shovel, and the pail, and hammer,she replied, "no, leave all till we are ready to go to the boat.
itwill be time enough."
shortly afterwards, the mate brought us up some of the fish whichthey had cooked for supper, and when we had eaten it we went to bed.
"this is the last night we shall sleep together, nero," said i,kissing my favourite, and the thought brought tears into my eyes.
"but it can't be helped."
i was however soon fast asleep with my armround the animal.
when i went out the next morning, i found that the weather wasbeautifully fine, the water smooth, and only rippled by a lightbreeze.
as mrs r. had not yet made her appearance, i went down to thebathing-pool, where i found all the men up and in full activity.
theboat had been emptied out, the oars, masts, and sails, were on therocks and the men were turning the bows to the seaward in readinessfor launching her over the ledge of rocks.
the dried birds lay in aheap by the side of the cask of rum, and the fish which had beenbaked were in a large kid.
the six breakers were also piled uptogether, and the mate and some of the men were disputing as to howmany of them should be filled with water.
the mate wanted them allfilled; the men said that three would be sufficient, as the boatwould be so loaded.
at last the mate gained his point, and the meneach took a breaker, and went up to the cabin for the water.
i wentwith them to fill the breakers, and also to see that they did nomischief, for they appeared very unruly and out of temper; and i wasafraid that they would hurt nero, who was at the cabin, if i was notthere to prevent them; but with the exception of examining the cabin,and forcing themselves in upon mrs reichardt, they did nothing.
whenthe breakers were full, which took at least half an hour, they didindeed try to catch the birds, and would have wrung their necks, butthe males flew away, and the females i put into the bed-place thatwas screened off in the cabin, and near which mrs reichardt wassitting.
they all appeared to have a great awe and respect for thiswoman, and a look from her was more effectual than were any words ofthe mate.
"we don't want you," said one of the men, as they went down to thebathing-pool with the breakers on their shoulders.
"why don't youkeep up with the lady?
you're quite a lady's man, now you've whitetrousers on."
the others who followed him laughed at this latter remark.
"i'm of no use up there, at present," said i; "and i may be downbelow."
the men set down the breakers on the rocks by the pool, and then,under the directions of the mate, prepared to launch the boat overthe ledge.
the masts of the boat were placed athwartships, under herkeel, for her to run upon, and being now quite empty, she was verylight.
she was what they call a whale-boat, fitted for the whalefishery, pointed at both ends, and steered by an oar; she was notvery large, but held seven people comfortably, and she was remarkablywell fitted with sails and masts, having two lugs and a mizen.
assoon as they were all ready, the men went to the side of the boat,and in a minute she was launched into the sea without injury.
themate said to me, as they brought her broadside to the ledge--"now, my lad, we don't want you any more; you may go up to the cabintill we are ready, and then we will send for you and the lady."
but i can be of use here," replied i; "and i am of none upthere."
the mate did not reply, and the men then went to the rum cask, androlled it towards the boat; and when they had it on the ledge, theyparbuckled it, as they term it, into the boat with a whale-line thatthey happened to have, and which was of great length.
after the caskof rum was got in amidships, (and it took up a great deal of space,reaching from one gunnel to the other, and standing high above thethwarts) they went for the breakers of water, which they put in,three before and three behind the cask, upon the floor of the boat.
"she will be too heavy," said one of the men, "with so much water."
"we can easily get rid of it," replied the mate.
"if you had saidshe would be too heavy with so much liquor on board, you had betterexplained the matter; however, you must have your own ways, i suppose."
the next articles that they brought to stow away were theprovisions.
the kid of fish was put amidships on the breakers, andthe dried birds, which they carried down in their arms, were packedup neatly in the stern-sheets.
they were soon up to the gunnel, andthe mate said,"you had better stow away forward now--there will be little room forthe lady as it is."
"no, no, stow them all aft," replied one of the men, in a surlytone; "the lady must sit where she can.
she's no better than we."
"shall this go in?"
said i, pointing to the coil of whale-line, andaddressing the mate.
"no, no; we must leave that," replied one of the men in the boat;"we shall be wedged enough as it is; and i say, jim, throw that oldsaw and the bag of nails out of the boat--we can have no use for them."
the masts were then stepped, and the rigging set up to the gunnel ofthe boat, the yards and sails handed in, and hooked on the halyardsready for hoisting.
in fact the boat was now all ready for starting;they had only the iron kettle and two or three other articles to putin.
"shall we have the mizen?"
inquired one of the men, pointing to themast, which lay on the rocks.
"no, she steers quite as well without it," replied the mate.
and now, lads, hand the oars in."
they were brought to the boat, but owing to the puncheon of rum inthe centre, they could not lie flat, and after a good deal of arguingand disputing, four oars and a boat-hook were lashed to the gunneloutside, and the rest were left on the rocks.
at this time there was some consultation between the mate and someof the men--the mate being evidently opposed by the others.
i couldnot hear what it was about, but the mate appeared very angry and verymuch annoyed.
at last he dashed his hat down on the rocks in a greatpassion, saying,"no good will come of it.
mark my words.
no good ever did or everwill.
be it so, you are too many for me; but i tell you again, nogood will come of it."
the mate then sat down on the rocks by himself, and put his headdown on his knees, covering it with his hands.
the man with whom he had been disputing went to the others in theboat, and spoke to them in a low tone, looking round at me, toascertain if i was within hearing.
after a minute or two they all separated, and then one of them saidto me--"now, my lad, we're all ready.
go up to the cabin and bring downyour bundle and her basket, and tell the lady we are waiting for her."
"there's the shovel," said i, "and the boat's sail--must i bringthem down?"
"oh yes, bring them down, and also two or three sealskins for thelady to sit upon."
off i went on my errand, for i was delighted with the idea ofleaving the island, and my patience had been almost exhausted at thetime they had taken in the stowage of the boat.
as i hastened up thepath, i heard loud contention, and the mate's voice speaking veryangrily, and i stopped for a short time to listen, but the noiseceased, and i went on again.
i found nero on the platform, and istopped a minute to caress him.
"good bye, my poor nero, we shallnever see one another again," said i.
"you must go back to the sea,and catch fish for yourself;" and the tears started in my eyes as igave the animal a farewell kiss.
i then went into the cabin, where i found mrs reichardt sitting veryquietly.
"they are all ready," said i, "and have sent me up for you but i amto bring down the boat's sail and some seal skins for you to situpon.
i can carry both if you can carry my bundle.
have you put thebelt on?"
"yes," replied she, "i am quite ready.
i will carry the bundle, andthe books and spy-glass, as well as my basket; but we must pack themclose," added she, "and roll the sail up round the yard, or you willnot be able to carry it."
we took the sail down, and got it ready for carrying, and i rolledup the two best seal skins, and tied them with a piece of fishingline, and then we were all ready.
i shouldered my burden, and mrsreichardt took the other articles, as proposed, and we left the cabinto go down the path to the bathing-pool.
"good bye, nero--good bye, birds--good bye, cabin--and good bye,garden," said i, as i went along the platform; and having so done,and ordered nero back with a tremulous voice, i turned my head in thedirection of the bathing-pool.
i stared and then screamed, droppingmy burden, as i lifted up my hands in amazement--"look!"
cried i to my companion.
repeated i, breathless.
she did look, and saw as i did--the boat under all sail, half a milefrom the pool, staggering under a fresh breeze, which carried heraway at the rate of seven or eight miles an hour.
they had left us--they had deserted us.
i cried out, like a madman,"stop!
and then, seeing how useless it was, i dashedmyself on the rock, and for a minute or two was insensible.
groaned i, at last, as i came to my senses.
"frank henniker," said a sweet firm voice.
i opened my eyes, and saw mrs reichardt standing by me.
"it is the will of heaven, and you must submit to it patiently,"continued she.
"but so cruel, so treacherous!"
replied i, looking at the fast-recedingboat.
"i grant, most cruel, and most treacherous, but we must leave themto the judgment of god.
what can they expect from him in the way ofmercy when they have shewn none?
i tell you candidly, that i think weare better in our present forlorn state upon this rock, than if inthat boat.
they have taken with them the seeds of discord, ofrecklessness, and intemperance, in an attempt which requires thegreatest prudence, calmness, and unanimity, and i fear there islittle chance of their even being rescued from their dangerousposition.
it is my opinion, and i thought so when i first knew theyhad found the cask, that liquor would prove their ruin, and i sayagain, that boat will never arrive at its destination, and they willall perish miserably.
it has pleased god that they should leave ushere, and depend upon it, it has been so decided for the best."
"but," replied i, looking again at the boat, "i was tired of beinghere--i was so anxious to get off--and now to be left!
and they havetaken all our provisions, everything, even the fish in the pool.
"i hope not," replied she, "and i think not; but we must exertourselves, and trust to heaven."
but i could not heed her--my heart was bursting.
i sobbed, as i satwith my hands covering up my face.
"no one left but you and i."
"yes," replied she, "one more."
cried i, looking up.
"god!--who is with us always."
i heard what she said, but my head was too confused to weigh thewords.
i remained silent, where i was.
a few seconds elapsed, and shespoke again:"frank henniker, rise, and listen to me."
"we shall starve," muttered i.as i said this, one of the male birds returned from the sea with alarge fish, of which mrs reichardt took possession, as she had seenme do, and the gannet flew away again to obtain more.
immediatelyafterwards, the other two birds returned with fish, which were in alike way secured by my companion.
"see how unjust and ungrateful you are," observed she.
"here are thebirds feeding us, as the ravens did elijah in the wilderness, at thevery time that you are doubting the goodness and mercy of god.
thereis a meal for us provided already."
exclaimed i, "it is bursting, and there is aheavy weight rolling in it--i cannot see anything."
and such was the fact: the excitement had brought on a determinationof blood to the head, and my senses were rapidly departing.
mrsreichardt knelt by my side, and perceiving that what i had said wasthe case, went into the cabin and brought out a cloth, which shewetted with water from the spring, and laid across my forehead andtemples.
i remained motionless and nearly senseless for half an hour,during which she continued to apply fresh cold water to the cloth,and by degrees i recovered from my stupor.
in the meantime, theweather being so fine and the water smooth, the gannets continued toreturn with the fish they caught, almost all of which were taken fromthem by my companion, until she had collected more than a dozen fish,from half a pound to a pound weight, which she put away, so that thebirds and seal might not devour them.
i was still in a half dozing state, when the breathing and cold noseof nero touched my cheek, and the murmurings of my favourite rousedme up, and i opened my eyes.
"i am better now," said i to mrs reichardt.
"how kind you have been!"
"yes, you are better, but still, you must remain quiet.
do you thinkthat you could walk to your bed-place?"
"i'll try," replied i, and with her assistance i rose up; but, wheni afterwards gained my feet, i should have fallen if she had notsupported me; but, assisted by her, i gained my bed and sank downagain.
she raised my head higher, and then applied the linen cloth and coldwater as before.
"try now," said she, "if you cannot go to sleep.
when you awakeagain, i will have some dinner ready for you."
i thanked her and shut my eyes.
nero crawled to my bed-place, andwith my hand upon his head, i fell asleep, and remained so till nearsunset, when i awoke with very little pain in my head, and muchrefreshed.
i found mrs reichardt by my side.
"you are better now," said she.
"can you eat any dinner?
i must makefriends with nero, for he has been disputing my right to come nearyour bedside, and his teeth are rather formidable.
however, i gavehim the inside of the fish when i cleaned them, and we are betterfriends already.
there is your dinner."
mrs reichardt placed before me some of the fish, broiled on theembers, and i ate very heartily.
"it is very kind of you," said i, "to be working for me, when iought to be working for you--but you must not do it again."
"only my share of the work when you are well," replied she; "but myshare i always shall do.
i cannot be idle, and i am strong enough todo a great deal; but we will talk about that to-morrow morning.
youwill be quite well by that time, i hope."
i feel well now," replied i, "only i am very weak."
"you must put your trust in god, my poor boy.
do you ever pray tohim?"
"yes, i try a little sometimes--but i don't know how.
jackson nevertaught me that."
"then i will.
shall i pray now for both of us?"
"will god hear you?
what was it that you said just before i forgoteverything this morning?"
"i told you that there was another here besides ourselves, a goodand gracious god, who is always with us and always ready to come toour assistance if we call upon him."
"you told me god lived beyond the stars."
"my poor boy, as if he were a god who was afar off and did notattend to our prayers!
such is not the case.
he is with us always inspirit, listening to all our prayers, and reading every secretthought of our hearts."
i was silent for some time, thinking upon what she had told me; atlast i said--"then pray to him."
mrs reichardt knelt down and prayed in a clear and fervent voice,without hesitation or stop.
she prayed for protection and support inour desolate condition, that we might be supplied with all thingsneedful for our sustenance, and have a happy deliverance from ourpresent position.
she prayed that we might be contented and resigneduntil it should please him to rescue us--that we might put our wholetrust and confidence in him, and submit without murmuring to whatevermight be his will.
she prayed for health and strength, for anincrease of faith and gratitude towards him for all his mercies.
shethanked him for our having been preserved by being left on thedesolate rock, instead of having left it in the boat with the seamen.
(this surprised me.)
and then she prayed for me, entreating that shemight be the humble instrument of leading me to my heavenly father,and that he would be pleased to pour down upon me his holy spirit, sothat i might, by faith in christ, be accepted, and become a child ofgod and an inheritor of eternal bliss.
there was something so novel to me and so beautiful in her fervencyof prayer, that the tears came into my eyes, and about a minute aftershe had finished, i said--"i now recollect, at least, i think i do--for the memory of it isvery confused-that my mother used to kneel down by me and pray justas you have done.
oh, how i wish i had a mother!"
"my child," replied she, "promise me that you will be a good andobedient son, and i will be a mother to you."
how kind of you.
yes, i will be all you wish; i willwork for you day and night if it is necessary.
i will do everything,if you will but be my mother."
"i will do my duty to you as a mother most strictly," replied she;"so that is agreed upon.
now, you had better go to sleep, if you can."
"but i must first ask you a question.
why did you thank god for theseamen having left us here, instead of taking us with them?"
"because the boat was overloaded as it was; because the men, havingliquor, would become careless and desperate, and submit to nocontrol; and therefore i think there is little or no chance of theirever arriving anywhere safe, but that they will perish miserably insome way or another.
this, i consider, is the probability, unless thealmighty in his mercy should be pleased to come to their assistance,and allow them to fall in with some vessel soon after their departure."
"do you think, then, that god prevented our going with them onpurpose that we might not share their fate?"
god regulates everything.
had it been better for us that weshould have gone, he would have permitted it; but he willed itotherwise, and we must bow to his will with a full faith, that heorders everything for the best."
"and you say that god will give us all that we ask for in ourprayers?"
"yes, if we pray fervently and in faith, and ask it in the name ofjesus christ; that is, he will grant all we pray for, that is goodfor us, but not what is not good for us; or when we ask anything, wedo not know that we are asking what is proper or not--but he does.
wemay ask what would be hurtful to us, and then, in his love for us, hedenies it.
for instance, suppose you had been accustomed to pray, youmust have prayed god that he would permit you to leave this island inthe boat, as you are so anxious to go away; but supposing that boatis lost, as i imagine it will be, surely it would have been akindness in god, who knew that it would be lost, not to grant yourprayer.
is it not so?"
"yes, i see now, thank you; now i will go to sleep--good-night."
i awoke the next morning quite recovered from my illness of the daybefore, and was out of the cabin before mrs reichardt, who stillremained behind the screen which she had put up after i had gone tosleep.
it was a beautiful morning, the water was smooth, and merelyrippled with a light breeze, and the sun shone bright.
i felt welland happy.
i lighted a fire to broil the fish for breakfast, as therewas a sufficiency left, and then got my fishing-lines ready to catchsome larger fish to reinhabit my pond at the bathing pool.
mrsreichardt came out of the cabin and found me playing with nero.
"good morning, dear mother," said i, for i felt most kindly towardsher.
"good morning, my dear boy," replied she.
"are you quite well?"
"quite well; and i have got my lines all ready, for i have beenthinking that until the birds come, we must live on fish altogether,and we can only take them in fine weather like this; so we must notlose such a day."
as soon as we have breakfasted, we will go down andfish.
i can fish very well, i am used to it.
we must both work now;but first go for your bible, that we may read a little."
i did so, and after she had read a chapter she prayed, and i kneltby her side; then we breakfasted, and as soon as we had breakfasted,we set off to the bathing-pool.
"do you know if they left anything behind them, frank?"
"yes," replied i, "they left some oars, i believe, and a long lineand we have the shovel, and the hammer, and the boat's small sail, upat the cabin."
"well, we shall see very soon," replied she, as we went down the path.
when we arrived at the bathing-pool, the first thing that met myeyes made me leap with joy.
they've left theiron pot; i did so long for it; and as i lay awake this morning, ithought that if i prayed for anything, it would be for the iron pot.
i was tired of dried birds, and they ate so different when they wereboiled up in the pot with potatoes."
"i am equally glad, frank, for i do not like victuals uncooked; butnow let us first see what else they have thrown out of the boat."
"why they have put on shore three of the little casks of water,"said i; "they took them all on board."
"they have so, i suppose, because the boat was too heavy, and theywould not part with the liquor.
foolish men, they will now not havemore than six days' water, and will suffer dreadfully."
we then looked round the rocks and found that they had left the ironkettle, three breakers, five oars, and a harpoon and staffs; a gang-board,a whale line of 200 fathoms, an old saw, a bag of broad-headednails, and two large pieces of sheet-iron.
"that saw may be very useful to us," said mrs reichardt, "especiallyas you have files in your chest.
indeed, if we want them, we mayconvert one-half of the saw into knives."
"i will shew you; and these pieces of sheet-iron i could use again.
you see the sheet-iron was put on to repair any hole which might bemade in the boat, and they have thrown it out, as well as the hammerand nails.
i wonder at john gough permitting it."
"i heard them quarrelling with him as i came out yesterday to fetchyou down; they would not mind what he said."
"no, or we should not have been left here," replied she; "john goughwas too good a man to have allowed it, if he could have prevented it.
that sheet-iron will be very useful.
do you know what for?
to broilfish on, or anything else.
we must turn up the corners with thehammer.
but now we must lose no more time, but fish all day long, andnot think of eating till supper time."
accordingly we threw out our lines, and the fish taking the baitfreely, we soon hauled in more than a dozen large fish, which i putinto the bathing-pool.
"what use can we make of that long line which they have left?"
"a good many; but the best use we can make of it, is to turn it intofishing-lines, when we require new ones."
"but how can we do that, it is so thick and heavy?"
"yes, but i will show you how to unlay it, and then make it upagain.
recollect, frank, that i have been the wife of a missionary,and have followed my husband wherever he went; sometimes we have beenwell off, sometimes as badly off as you and i are now--for amissionary has to go through great dangers, and great hardships, asyou would acknowledge if you ever heard my life, or rather that of myhusband."
"won't you tell it to me?"
"yes, perhaps i will, some day or another; but what i wish to pointout to you now is, that being his wife, and sharing his danger andprivation, i have been often obliged to work hard and to obtain myliving as i could.
in england, women do little except in the house,but a missionary's wife is obliged to work with the men, and as a manvery often, and therefore learns to do many things of which women ingeneral are ignorant.
you understand now?"
i have thought already that you appear to know more thanjackson did."
"i should think not; but jackson was not fond of work i expect, andi am.
and now, frank, you little thought that when you so tardilywent to work the other day to plant potatoes for the benefit of anyone that might hereafter come to the island, that you were plantingfor yourself, and would reap the benefit of your own kind act; for ifyou had not assisted, of course i could not have done it by myself:so true it is, that even in this world you are very often rewardedfor a good action."
"but are not you always?"
"no, my child, you must not expect that; but if not rewarded in thisworld, you will be rewarded in the next."
"i don't understand that."
"i suppose that you hardly can, but i will explain all that to you,if god spare my life; but it must be at a more seasonable time."
we continued fishing till late in the afternoon, by which time wehad taken twenty-eight large fish, about seven to nine pounds'weight; mrs reichardt then proposed that we should leave off, as wehad already provision for a fortnight.
i hauled out one more fish, which she took with her to cook for oursupper, and having coiled up my lines, i then commenced, as she hadtold me to do, carrying up the articles left by the boat's crew atthe bathing-pool.
the first thing i seized upon was the coveted ironkettle; i was quite overjoyed at the possession of this article, andi had good reason to be.
in my other hand i carried the saw and thebag of nails.
as soon as i had deposited them at the cabin, i wentdown again, and before supper was ready i had brought up everythingexcept the three breakers of water, which i left where they were, aswe did not want them for present use, whatever we might hereafter.
wewere both rather tired, and were glad to go to bed after we had takenour supper.
when we met the following morning, my mother, as i shall in futurecall her, said to me, "this will be a busy day, frank, for we have agreat many arrangements to make in the cabin, so that we may becomfortable.
in future the cabin must be kept much more clean andtidy than it is--but that is my business more than yours.
let us getour breakfasts, and then we will begin."
"i don't know what you want me to do," replied i; "but i will do itif i can, as soon as you tell me."
"my dear boy, a woman requires a portion of the cabin to herself, asit is not the custom for women to live altogether with men.
now, whati wish is, that the hinder part of the cabin, where you used to stowaway your dried birds, should be made over to me.
we have oars withwhich we can make a division, and then nail up seal skins, so that imay have that part of the cabin to myself.
now, do you understandwhat i want?"
"yes, but the oars are longer than the cabin is wide," observed i.
"how shall we manage it?"
"we have the old saw, and that will do well enough to cut them off,without its being sharpened."
"i never saw one used," replied i, "and i don't understand it."
"i will soon show you.
first, we must measure the width of thecabin.
i shall not take away more than one third of it."
my mother went into the cabin, and i followed her.
with a piece offishing-line, she took the width of the cabin, and then the height upto the rafters for the door posts.
we then went out, and with thesaw, which she showed me how to use, and which astonished me verymuch, when i perceived its effects, the oars were cut up to theproper length.
gimlets i had already from the sea-chest, and nailsand hammer we had just obtained from the boat, so that before theforenoon was over, the framework was all ready for nailing on theseal skins.
the bag of broad-headed short nails, which had beenthrown on the rocks, were excellent for this purpose, and, as i hadplenty of skins, the cabin was soon divided off, with a skin betweenthe door-jambs hanging down loose, so that any one might enter.
iwent inside after it was complete.
"but," said i, "you have no lightto see what you are about."
"not yet, but i soon will have," replied my mother.
"bring the sawhere, frank.
observe, you must cut through the side of the cabinhere, a square hole of this size; three of the planks cut throughwill be sufficient.
i did as she directed me, and in the course of half an hour, i hadcut out of the south side of the cabin a window about two feetsquare, which admitted plenty of light.
"but won't it make it cold at night?"
"we will prevent that," replied she, and she took out a piece ofwhite linen, and with some broad-headed nails, she nailed it up, soas to prevent the air from coming in, although there was still plentyof light.
"there," said she, "that is but a coarse job, which i willmend bye-and-bye, but it will do for the present."
"well, it is very nice and comfortable now," said i, looking roundit.
"now what shall i bring in?"
"nothing for the bed but seal skins," said she.
"i do not like thefeathers.
the seal skins are stiff at present, but i think we may beable to soften them bye-and-bye.
now, frank, your chest had bettercome in here, as it is of no use where it is, and we will make astoreroom of it, to hold all our valuables."
"what, the diamonds?"
"my dear boy, we have articles to put into the chest, which, in ourpresent position, are more valuable to us than all the diamonds inthe world.
tell me now, yourself, what do you prefer and set mostvalue upon, your belt of diamonds, or the iron kettle?"
"the iron kettle, to be sure," replied i.
"exactly so; and there are many things in our possession as valuableas the iron kettle, as you will hereafter acknowledge.
now do you goand get ready some fire for us, and i will finish here by myself.
nero, keep out, sir--you are never to come into this cabin."
i went with nero for a fish and when i returned, i determined that iwould use the iron kettle.
i put it on with water and boiled thefish, and i thought that it ate better than broiled on the embers,which made it too dry.
as we sat at our meal, i said, "dear mother, what are we to do next?"
"to-morrow morning we will put the cabin into better order, and putaway all our things instead of leaving them about the platform inthis way.
then i will carefully look over all that we have got, andput them away in the chest.
i have not yet seen the contents of thechest."
the next day it was very cloudy and, rough weather, blowing fresh.
after breakfast we set to work.
we cleared out the floor of thecabin, which was strewed with all manner of things, for jackson and ihad not been very particular.
the whale line was coiled up and putinto one corner, and every thing else was brought in and a placefound for it.
"we must contrive some shelves," said my mother, "that we may putthings on them, or else we never can be tidy; and we have not oneexcept that which holds the books.
i think we can manage it.
we havetwo oars left besides the boat's yard; we will nail them along theside of the cabin, about a foot or more from it, and then we will cutsome of the boat's sail, and nail the canvas from the side of thecabin to the oars, and that will make a sort of shelf which will holdour things."
i brought in the oars, they were measured and cut off and nailed up.
the canvas was then stretched from the side of the cabin to the oar,and nailed with the broad-headed nails, and made two capital shelveson each side of the cabin, running from one end to the other.
"there," said my mother, "that is a good job.
now we will examinethe chest and put everything away and in its place."
my mother took out all the clothes, and folded them up.
when shefound the roll of duck which was at the bottom, she said--"i am glad to find this as i can make a dress for myself much betterfor this island than this black stuff dress which i now wear, andwhich i will put by to wear in case we should be taken off the islandsome of these days, for i must dress like other people when i amagain among them.
the clothes are sufficient to last you for a longwhile, but i shall only alter two shirts and two pair of trousers toyour present size, as you will grow very fast.
how old do you thinkyou are now?"
i replied, "about sixteen years old, or perhaps more."
"i should think that was about your age."
having examined and folded up every article of clothing in thechest, the tools, spyglass, &c., were put by me on the shelves, andthen we examined the box containing the thread, needles, fishhooks,and other articles, such as buttons, &c."these are valuable," said she; "i have some of my own to put alongwith them.
go and fetch my basket, i have not yet had time to lookinto it since i left the ship."
"what is there in it?"
"except brushes and combs, i can hardly say.
when i travelled about,i always carried my basket, containing those things most requisitefor daily use, and in the basket i put everything that i wished topreserve, till i had an opportunity to put it away.
when i embarkedon board of the whaler, i brought my basket on my arm as usual, butexcept opening it for my brushes and combs or scissors, i have notexamined it for months."
"what are brushes and combs and scissors?"
"that i will shew you," replied she, opening the lid of the basket.
"these are the brushes and combs for cleaning the hair, and these arescissors.
now we will take everything out."
the basket did indeed appear to contain a wonderful quantity ofthings, almost all new to me.
there were two brushes, twelve combs,three pair of scissors, a penknife, a little bottle of ink, somepens, a woman's thimble, a piece of wax, a case of needles, threadand silk, a piece of india ink, and a camel's-hair brush, sealing-wax,sticking plaster, a box of pills, some tape and bobbin, paper ofpins, a magnifying glass, silver pencil case, some money in a purse,black shoe ribbon, and many other articles which i have forgotten.
all i know is that i never was so much interested ever after at anyshow as i was with the contents of this basket, all of which wereexplained to me by my mother, as to their uses, and how they weremade.
there were several little papers at the bottom of the basketwhich she said were seeds of plants, which she had collected to taketo england with her, and that we would plant them here.
as she shookthe dust out of the basket after it was empty, two or three whitethings tumbled out, which she asked me to pick up and give to her.
"i don't know how they came here," said she, "but three of them areorange-pips which we will sow to-morrow, and the other is a pea, butof what kind i know not, we will sow that also--but i fear it willnot come up, as it appears to me to be one of the peas served out tothe sailors on board ship, and will be too old to grow.
we can buttry.
now we will put into the chest, with the other things that youhave, what we do not want for present use, and then i can drive anail into the side of my bedroom and hang my basket on it."
"but," said i, "this round glass--what is that for?"
"put it on one side," replied she, "and to-morrow, if it is fine, iwill shew you the use of it; but there are some things we haveforgotten, which are your belt and the other articles you gave me totake for you when you thought we were to leave the island.
they arein the bed-place opposite to yours."
i brought them, and she put away the mate's watch and sleevebuttons, and the other trinkets, &c., saying that she would examinethe letters and papers at another time.
the belt was examined,counting how many of the squares had stones in them, and then, withher scissors, she cut open one of the squares, and took out a whiteglittering thing like glass as it appeared to me, and looked at itcarefully.
"i am no great judge of these things," said she, "but still i havepicked up some little knowledge.
this belt, if it contain all stoneslike this, must be of considerable value; now i must get out myneedle and thread and sew it up again."
she did, and put the beltaway with the other articles in the chest.
"and now," said she, "wehave done a good day's work, and it is time to have something to eat."
i must say that i was much better pleased with the appearance of thecabin, it was so neat and clean to what it had been, and everythingwas out of the way.
the next day was a calm and clear day, and wewent down to fish.
we were fortunate, and procured almost as many aswe had done at the previous fishing--they were all put in the bathingpool as before.
when we went up to the cabin, as soon as the fish wasput on the fire, under the direction of my mother, i turned up thesides of one of the pieces of sheet iron, so as to make a sort ofdish.
the other piece i did the same to, only not so high at thesides, as one piece was kept for baking the fish on and the other asa dish to put our dinner upon when cooked.
that day we had been toobusy with fishing to think of anything else, but on the following irecollected the magnifying glass, and brought it to her.
she firstshowed me the power it had to magnify, with which i was much amusedfor a time, and she explained as well as she could to me the cause ofits having that power, but i could not well understand her; i wasmore pleased with the effect than cognisant of the cause.
afterwardsshe sent me to the cabin for some of the dried moss which i used fortinder, and placing the glass so as to concentrate the rays of thesun, to my astonishment i saw the tinder caught fire.
it wasamazement more than astonishment, and i looked up to see where thefire came from.
my mother explained to me, and i, to a certaindegree, comprehended, but i was too anxious to have the glass in myown hands and try experiments.
i lighted the tinder again-then iburnt my hand--then i singed one of the gannet's heads, and lastly,perceiving that nero was fast asleep in the sun, i obtained the focuson his cold nose.
he started up with a growl, which made me retreat,and i was perfectly satisfied with the result of my experiments.
fromthat time, the fire was, when the sun shone, invariably lighted bythe burning-glass, and very useful did i find it.
as it was soportable, i always carried it with me, and when i had nothing to do,i magnified, or set fire, according to the humour of the moment.
although i have not mentioned it, not a morning rose, but beforebreakfast, i read the scriptures to my mother.
"there's so much in that book which i cannot understand," said i,one morning.
"i suspect that, living as you have, alone on this island, andhaving seen nothing of the world," replied my mother, "that there arenot many books that you would understand."
"but i understand all that is said in the beast and bird book,"replied i.
"perhaps you may, or think you do; but, frank, you must not classthe bible with other books.
the other books are the works of man, butthe bible is the word of god.
there are many portions of that bookwhich the cleverest men, who have devoted their lives to its study,cannot understand, and which never will be understood as long as thisworld endures.
in many parts the bible is a sealed book."
"but will it never be understood then by anybody?"
"there is quite as much of the bible as is necessary for men tofollow its precepts, and this is so clear that anybody may understandit--it contains all that is necessary for salvation; but there arepassages, the true meaning of which we cannot explain, and which god,for his own purposes, will not permit us to.
but if we do not knowthem now, we shall probably hereafter, when we have left this world,and our intellects more nearly approach god's."
"well, i don't understand why we should not understand it."
"frank," replied she, "look at that flower just in bloom.
do youunderstand how it is that that plant keeps alive--grows every year--every year throws out a large blue flower?
why should it do so?
whyshould the flower always be blue?
and whence comes that beautifulcolour?
can you tell me?
you see, you know that it does do so; butcan you tell me what makes it do so?"
"look at that bird.
you know it is hatched from an egg.
how is itthat the inside of an egg is changed into a bird?
how is it that thebird is covered with feathers, and has the power to fly?
can youexplain to me yourself?
you can walk about just as you please--youhave the power of reasoning, and thinking, and of acting; but by whatmeans is it that you possess that power?
can you tell?
you know thatis so, but you know no more.
you can't tell why or how or what causesproduce these effects--can you?"
"well, then, if you are surrounded by all manner of things, livingand dead, and see every day things which you cannot explain, orunderstand, why should you be surprised that, as god has not let youknow by what means these effects are produced, that in his writtenword he should also keep from you that which for good purposes youare not permitted to know.
everything here is by god's will, and thatmust be sufficient for us.
now do you understand?"
"yes, i see now what you mean, but i never thought about thesethings before.
tell me some more about the bible."
some day i will give you a history of the bible, and thenyou will understand the nature of the book, and why it was written;but not at present.
suppose, as we have nothing particular to do, youtell me all you know about yourself from jackson, and all thathappened while you lived with him.
i have heard only part, and ishould like to know all."
"very well," replied i.
"i will tell you everything, but it willtake a long while."
"we shall have plenty of time to spare, my dear boy, i fear, beforewe leave this place; so, never mind time--tell me everything."
i commenced my narrative, but i was interrupted.
"have you never been able to call your own mother to your memory?"
"i think i can now, since i have seen you, but i could not before.
inow can recollect a person dressed like you, kneeling down andpraying by my side; and i said before, the figure has appeared in mydreams, and much oftener since you have been here."
"and your father?"
"i have not the slightest remembrance of him, or anybody else exceptmy mother."
i then proceeded, and continued my narrative until it was time to goto bed; but as i was very circumstantial, and was often interruptedby questions, i had not told a quarter of what i had to say.
mrs reichardt had promised to give me a history of the bible; andone day, when the weather kept us both at home, she thus commencedher narrative:--"the bible is a history of god's doings for the salvation of man.
itcommences with the fall of man by disobedience, and ends with thesacrifice made for his reinstatement.
as by one man, adam, sin cameinto the world, so by one man, jesus christ, was sin and deathovercome.
if you will refer to the third chapter of genesis, at thevery commencement of the bible, you will find that at the same timethat adam receives his punishment, a promise is made by the lord,that the head of the serpent shall hereafter be bruised.
the whole ofthe bible, from the very commencement, is an announcement of thecoming of christ; so that as soon as the fault had been committed,the almighty, in his mercy, had provided a remedy.
nothing is unknownor unforeseen by god.
"recollect, frank, that the bible contains the history of god'sdoings, but it does not often tell us why such things were done.
itmust be sufficient for us to know that such was the will of god; whenhe thinks proper, he allows us to understand his ways, but to ourlimited capacities, most of his doings are inscrutable.
but, are weto suppose that, because we, in our foolishness, cannot comprehendhis reasons, that therefore they must be cavilled at?
do youunderstand me, frank?"
"yes," replied i; "i do pretty well."
"as i pointed out to you the other day, you see the blade of grassgrow, and you see it flower, but how it does so you know not.
if thenyou are surrounded all your life with innumerable things which yousee but cannot comprehend--when all nature is a mystery to you--evenyourself--how can you expect to understand the dealings of god inother things?
when, therefore, you read the bible, you must read itwith faith."
"what is faith?
i don't quite understand, mother."
"frank, i have often told you of many things that are in england,where you one day hope to go.
now, if when you arrive in england, youfind that everything that i have told you is quite true, you will besatisfied that i am worthy of belief."
"well, suppose some one were to tell you something relative to anyother country, which you could not understand, and you came to me andasked me if such were the case, would you, having found that i toldyou truth with regard to england, believe that what you had been toldof this other country was true, if i positively asserted that it wasso?"
"of course i should, mother."
"well, then, frank, that would be faith; a belief in things not onlynot seen, but which you cannot understand.
but to go on, i mentionthis because some people are so presumptuous as to ask the why andthe wherefore of god's doings, and attempt to argue upon theirjustice, forgetting that the little reason they have is the gift ofgod, and that they must be endowed with intellect equal to thealmighty, to enable them to know and perceive that which he decidesupon.
but if god has not permitted us to understand all his ways,still, wherever we can trace the finger of god, we can alwaysperceive that everything is directed by an all-wise and beneficenthand; and that, although the causes appear simple, the effectsproduced are extraordinary and wonderful.
we shall observe this as wetalk over the history of the jews, in the bible.
but, i repeat, thatwe must study the whole of the bible with faith, and not becontinually asking ourselves, 'why was this done?'
if you will turnto the ninth chapter of the epistle to the romans, you will see whatthe apostle paul says on the subject: 'nay but, o man, who art thouthat repliest against god?'
shall the thing formed say to him thatformed it, 'why hast thou made me thus?'
do you not understand inwhat spirit the bible should be read?"
"yes, i do.
we must read it as the word of god, and believe all thatwe read in it."
"exactly;--now we will proceed.
after adam's fall, the earth becameso wicked that god destroyed it, leaving but noah and his family tore-people it; and as soon as this was done, the almighty prepared forhis original intention for the future salvation of men.
he selectedabraham, who was a good man, and who had faith, to be the father of anation chosen for his own people--that was the jewish nation.
he toldhim that his seed should multiply as the stars in the heavens, andthat all the nations of the earth should be blessed in him; that is,that from his descendants should christ be born, who should be thesalvation of men.
abraham's great-grandchildren were brought intoegypt, to live apart in the land of goshen.
you have read the historyof joseph and his brethren?"
"oh yes; i know that well."
"well, the almighty wished the jews should be a nation apart fromothers, and for that purpose he brought them into egypt.
but observe,frank, by what simple and natural causes this was effected.
it was bya dream of joseph's, which, when he told them of it, irritated hisbrothers against him; they sold him as a slave, and he was sent intoegypt.
there, having explained the dream of pharaoh, he was made aruler over egypt, and saved that country from the famine which was inevery other land.
his brothers come down to buy corn, and herecognises them.
he sends for his father and all the family, andestablishes them in the land of goshen, as shepherds, apart from theegyptians.
here they multiplied fast; but after joseph's elevationthey were cruelly treated by the egyptians, who became afraid oftheir rapid increase, and eventually the kings of egypt gave ordersthat all the male children of the jews should be destroyed.
it was atthis time, when they were so oppressed and cruelly treated by theegyptians, that god interfered and sent for moses.
moses, like allthe rest of the jews, knew nothing of the true god, and was difficultto persuade, and it was only by miracles that he was convinced."
"why did god keep the jews apart from the egyptians, and have themthrown in bondage?"
"because he wished to prepare them to become his own peculiarpeople.
by their being descended from abraham, and having neverintermarried with other nations, they had become a pure race; bybeing in bondage and severely treated, they had suffered and becomeunited as a people.
they knew no gods but those worshipped by theegyptians, and these gods it was now the intention of the almighty toconfound, and prove to the jews as worthless.
at the same time heworked with his own nation in mystery, for when moses asked him whatgod he was to tell his people that he was, the almighty only repliedby these words--_i am_; having no name like all the false godsworshipped by the egyptians.
he was now about to prove, by hiswonderful miracles, the difference between himself and the false gods."
"what are miracles?"
"a miracle is doing that which man has no power of doing, provingthat the party who does it is superior to man: for instance--torestore a dead man to life is a miracle, as none but god, or thoseempowered by god could do.
miracles were necessary, therefore, toprove to the jews that the almighty was the true god, and wereresorted to by him in this instance, as well as in the coming of oursaviour, when it was also necessary to prove that he was the son ofgod.
when the almighty sent moses to pharaoh to demand that theisraelites should have permission to sacrifice in the desert, hepurposely hardened the heart of pharaoh that he might refuse therequest."
"but why did he so?"
"because he wanted to prove to the israelites that he was the onlytrue god and had pharaoh consented to their going away, there wouldhave been no opportunity of performing those miracles by which theisraelites were to be delivered, and by which they were toacknowledge him as their god."
mrs reichardt often renewed this conversation, till i becameacquainted with scriptural history.
the following morning, i went with nero to take a couple of fish outof the pool.
as soon as nero had caught them, he went into the otherpart of the bathing pool to amuse himself, while i cleaned the fish,which i generally did before i went up to the cabin, giving him theheads and insides for his share, if i did not require any portion forthe birds.
nero was full of play that morning, and when i threw theheads to him, as he frolicked in the water, he brought them out tothe rocks, but instead of eating them, as usual, he laid them at myfeet.
i threw them in several times, and he continued to bring themout, and my mother, coming down to me, was watching him.
"i think," said she, "you must teach nero to fetch and carry like adog--try.
instead of the heads, throw in this piece of wood;" whichshe now broke off the boat-hook staff.
i did so, and nero brought it out, as he had done the heads of thefish.
i patted and coaxed the animal, and tried him again severaltimes with success.
"now," said my mother, "you must accustom him to certain words whenyou send him for anything.
always say, 'fetch it, nero!'
and pointwith your finger."
"why am i to do that, mother?"
"because the object to be gained is, not that the animal shouldfetch out what you throw in, but what you send it to bring out whichyou have not thrown in.
do you understand?"
"yes," replied i.
"you mean if there were anything floating near onthe sea, i should send him for it."
then nero would be of some use."
"i will soon teach him," replied i; "to-morrow i will send him intothe sea after the piece of spar.
i've no fear that he will go awaynow."
"i was thinking last night, frank, whether they had taken the pailwith them in the boat."
"the pail," said i; "i know where it is, but i quite forgot it.
weleft it up the ravine the last day we planted the potatoes."
"we did so, now i recollect.
i will go for it while you get thebreakfast ready."
we had now been for many weeks on a fish diet, and i must confessthat i was tired of it, which was not the case when i lived upon thedried birds during the whole of the year.
why so i cannot tell, buti was soon to learn to relish fish, if i could obtain them.
it was not often that the wind blew direct on the shore, but comingfrom the northward and eastward, it was in a slanting direction, butoccasionally, and chiefly about the time of the equinoxes, the galescame on very heavy from the eastward, and then the wash of the seasupon the rocky coast was tremendous.
such was the case about thistime.
a fierce gale of wind from the eastward raised a sea whichthrew the surf and spray high over the loftiest of the rocks, and theviolence of the wind bore the spray far inland.
the gale had come onin the evening, and my mother and i, when we rose in the morning,were standing on the platform before the cabin, admiring the grandeurof the scene, but without the least idea that it was to be productiveof so much misery to ourselves.
my mother pointed out to me somepassages in the psalms and old testament bearing strongly upon thescene before us; after a time i called nero, and went down with himto take fish out of the pool for our day's consumption.
at that timewe had a large supply in the pool--more than ever, i should say.
when i arrived at the pool, i found the waves several feet in heightrolling in over the ledges, and the pool one mass of foam, the waterin it being at least two or three feet higher than usual; still itnever occurred to me that there was any mischief done, until i hadsent nero in for the fish, and found that, after floundering anddiving for some time, he did not bring out one.
my mind misgave me,and i ordered him in again.
he remained some time and then returnedwithout a fish, and i was then satisfied that from the rolling in ofthe waves, and the unusual quantity of the water in the pool, thewhole of the fish had escaped, and that we were now without anyprovisions or means of subsistence, until the weather should settle,and enable us to catch some more.
aghast at the discovery, i ran up to the cabin, and called to mymother, who was in her bedroom.
"oh, mother, all the fish have got out of the pool, and we havenothing to eat.
i told you we should be starved."
"take time, frank, and take breath," replied she, "and then tell mewhat has happened, to cause this alarm and dismay, that you appear tobe in."
i explained to her what had happened, and that nero could not findone fish.
"i fear that what you say must be correct," replied she; "but wemust put our trust in god.
it is his will, and whatever he willsmust be right."
i cannot say i was christian enough at the time to acknowledge thetruth of her reply, and i answered, "if god is as good and asgracious as you say, will he allow us to starve?
does he know thatwe are starving?"
"does he know, frank?"
replied my mother; "what does the bible say--that not a sparrow falls to the ground without his knowledge; and ofhow much more worth are you than many sparrows?
shame upon you,frank!"
i was abashed but not satisfied, i therefore replied quietly, "wehave nothing to eat, mother."
"granted that we have lost all our fish, frank, still we are not yetstarving; the weather may moderate tomorrow, and we may catch somemore, or even if it should not till the day afterwards, we can bearto be two days without food.
let us hope for the best and put ourtrust in god--let us pray to him and ask him for his assistance.
hecan rebuke these stormy waters--he can always find means of helpingthose who put confidence in him, and will send us aid when all hopeappears gone.
pray, frank, as i will do, fervently, and believingthat your prayer is heard--pray with faith, and your prayer will beanswered."
"it is not always so," replied i; "you have told me of many peoplewho have died of starvation."
"i grant it, and for all wise purposes they were permitted so to do,but the almighty had reasons for permitting it, unknown to us, butwhich you may depend upon it, were good.
we cannot fathom hisdecrees.
he may even now decide that such is to be our fate; but ifso, depend upon it, frank, all is right, and what appears to you nowas cruel and neglectful of you, would, if the future could be lookedinto by us, prove to have been an act of mercy."
"do you think, then, that we shall starve?"
"i do not--i have too much faith in god's mercy, and i do not thinkthat he would have preserved our lives by preventing the men fromtaking us into the boat, if we were now to starve.
god is notinconsistent; and i feel assured that, forlorn as our presentposition appears to be, and tried as our faith in him may be, weshall still be preserved, and live to be monuments of his graciouslove and kindness."
these words of my mother and the implicit confidence which sheappeared to have, much revived me.
"well," said i, "i hope you areright, my dear mother, and now i think of it," continued i,brightening up at the idea, "if the worst come to the worst, we caneat the birds; i don't care much for them now, and if i did, youshould not starve, mother."
"i believe you would not hesitate to sacrifice the birds, frank, buta greater sacrifice may be demanded of you."
inquired i; and then after a little thought, i said, "youdon't mean nero, mother?"
"to tell the truth, i did mean nero, frank, for the birds will notbe a support for more than a day or two."
"i never could kill nero, mother," replied i gloomily, and walkingaway into the cabin, i sat down very melancholy at the idea of myfavourite being sacrificed; to me it appeared quite horrible, and mymother having referred to it, made her fall very much in my goodopinion.
i was indeed young and foolish, and little thoughtwhat a change would take place in my feelings.
as for the birds, as ireally did not care for them, i resolved to kill two of them for ourday's meal, and returning to the platform i had laid hold of the twothat were there and had seized both by the neck, when my mother askedme what i was going to do.
"kill them, and put them in the pot for our dinner," replied i.
you are too hasty.
let us make some little sacrifice,even for the poor birds.
we surely can fast one day without verygreat suffering.
to-morrow will be time enough."
i dropped the birds from my hand, tacitly consenting to herproposal.
it was not, however, for the sake of the birds that i didso, but because one day's respite for the birds would be a day'srespite for nero.
"come," said my mother, "let us go into the cabin and get some work.
i will alter some of the clothes for you.
what will you do?"
"i don't know," replied i, "but i will do whatever you tell me."
"well, then, i perceive that the two fishing-lines are much worn,and they may break very soon, and then we shall be without the meansof taking fish, even if the weather is fine, so now we will cut offsome of the whale line, and when it is unravelled, i will show youhow to lay it up again into fishing line; and, perhaps, instead ofaltering the clothes, i had better help you, as fishing-lines are nowof more consequence to us than anything else."
this was an arrangement which i gladly consented to.
in a short timethe whale line was unravelled, and my mother showed me how to lay itup in three yarns, so as to make a stout fishing line.
she assisted,and the time passed away more rapidly than i had expected it would.
"you are very clever, mother," said i.
"no, my child, i am not, but i certainly do know many things whichwomen in general are not acquainted with; but the reason of this is,i have lived a life of wandering, and occasional hardships.
oftenleft to our own resources, when my husband and i were amongstrangers, we found the necessity of learning to do many things forourselves, which those who have money usually employ others to do forthem; but i have been in situations where even money was of no use,and had to trust entirely to myself.
i have therefore always made ita rule to learn everything that i could; and as i have passed much ofmy life in sailing over the deep waters, i obtained much usefulknowledge from the seamen, and this of laying up fishing lines is oneof the arts which they communicated to me.
now, you see, i reap theadvantage of it."
"yes," replied i; "and so do i. how lucky it was that you came tothis island!"
"lucky for me, do you mean, frank?"
i mean how lucky for me."
"i trust that i have been sent here to be useful, frank, and withthat feeling i cheerfully submit to the will of god.
he has sent methat i may be useful to you, i do not doubt; and if by my means youare drawn towards him, and, eventually, become one of his children, ishall have fulfilled my mission."
"i do not understand you quite, mother."
"no, you cannot as yet, but everything in season," replied she,slowly musing; "'first the blade, then the ear, and then the fullcorn in the ear,'""mother," said i, "i should like to hear the whole story of yourlife.
you know i have told you all that i know about myself.
nowsuppose you tell me your history, and that of your husband.
you didsay that perhaps, one day you would.
do you recollect?"
"yes, i do recollect that i did make a sort of promise, frank, and ipromise you now that some day i will fulfil it; but i am not surethat you will understand or profit by the history now, so much as youmay bye-and-bye."
"well, but mother, you can tell me the story twice, and i shall be gladto hear it again, so tell it to me now, to amuse me, and bye-and-byethat i may profit by it."
my mother smiled, which she very seldom did, and said--"well, frank, as i know you would at any time give up your dinner tolisten to a story, and as you will have no dinner to-day, i think itis but fair that i should consent to your wish.
who shall i beginwith--with my husband or with myself?"
"pray begin with your own history," replied i.
"i am the daughter of a parish clerk in a small market town near thesouthern coast of england, within a few miles of a large seaport."
"what is a parish clerk?"
i asked, interrupting my mother at thecommencement of her promised narrative.
"a parish clerk," she replied, "is a man who is employed in theparish or place to which he belongs, to fulfil certain humble dutiesin connection with the church or place of worship where the peoplemeet together to worship god."
"what does he do there?"
"he gives out the psalms that are to be sung, leads the congregationin making their responses to the minister appointed to perform theservices of the church; has the custody of the registry of births,deaths, and burials of the inhabitants, and the care of the churchmonuments, and of other property belonging to the building.
in someplaces he also fulfils the duties of bell-ringer and grave-digger;that is to say, by ringing a large bell at the top of the church, hesummons the people to their devotions, during their lives, and digs ahole in consecrated ground, surrounding the sacred building, toreceive their bodies when dead."
i mused on this strange combination of offices, and entertained anotion of the importance of such a functionary, which i afterwardsfound was completely at variance with the real state of the case.
"my father," she resumed, "not only fulfilled all these duties, butcontrived to perform the functions of schoolmaster to the parishchildren."
"what are parish children?"
i asked eagerly.
"i know what childrenare, as jackson represented to me that i was the child of my fatherand mother, but what makes children, parish children?"
"they are the children of the poor," mrs reichardt replied, "who,not being able to afford them instruction, willingly allow them to betaught at the expense of the people of the parish generally."
i thought this a praiseworthy arrangement.
i knew nothing of poors-rates,and the system of giving relief to the poor of the parish, so longused in england, afterwards explained to me, but the kindness andwisdom of this plan of instruction became evident to my understanding.
i was proceeding to ask other questions, when my mother stopped themby saying, that if i expected her to get through her story, i mustlet her proceed without further interruption; for many things wouldbe mentioned by her which demanded explanation, for one so completelyunaware of their existence as myself, and that it would be impossibleto make me thoroughly acquainted with such things within any reasonabletime; the proper explanations, she promised, should follow.
"my father, it may be thought, had enough on his hands, but in anobscure country town, it is not unusual for one man to unite theoccupations of several, and this was particularly the case with myfather, who, in addition to the offices i have enumerated, was thebest cattle-doctor and bone-setter within ten miles; and often earnedhis bread at different kinds of farmer's work, such as thatching,hedging, ditching and the like.
nevertheless, he found time to readhis bible, and bring up his only daughter religiously.
this daughterwas myself."
"what had become of your mother?"
i asked, as i thought it strangemrs reichardt should only mention one parent.
"she had died very soon after my birth," she answered, "and i wasleft at first to the care of a poor woman, who nursed me; as soon,however, as i could run about, and had exhibited some signs ofintelligence, my father began to get so partial to me, that he veryreluctantly allowed me to go out of his sight.
he took great pains inteaching me what he knew, and though the extent of his acquirementswas by no means great, it was sufficient to lay a good foundation,and establish a desire for more comprehensive information, which isought every available means to obtain.
"i remember that at a very early age i exhibited an extraordinarycuriosity for a child; constantly asking questions, not only of myfather, but of all his friends and visitors, and, as they seemed toconsider me a quick and lively child, they took pleasure insatisfying my inquisitive spirit.
in this way i gained a great dealof knowledge, and, by observation of what passed around me, a greatdeal more.
"it soon became a source of pride and gratification with my father,to ask me to read the bible to him.
this naturally led to a good manyinquiries on my part, and numerous explanations on his.
in course oftime, i became familiar with all the sacred writings, and knew theirspirit and meaning much better than many persons who were more thandouble my age.
"my fondness for such studies, and consequent reputation, attractedthe attention of dr brightwell, the clergyman of our parish, who hadthe kindness to let me share the instructions of his children, andstill further advanced my education, and still more increased mynatural predilection for religious information.
by the time i wasthirteen, i became quite a prodigy in christian learning, and wasoften sent for to the parsonage, to astonish the great people of theneighbourhood, by the facility with which i answered the mostpuzzling questions that were put to me, respecting the greatmysteries of christianity."
it was about this time that i first became acquainted with an orphanboy, an inmate of the workhouse, who had been left to the care of theparish by the sudden death of his parents, a german clock-maker andhis wife, from a malignant fever which had visited the neighbourhood,and taken off a considerable portion of the labouring population.
ihad been sent on errands from my father, to the master of theworkhouse, a severe, sullen man, of whom i had a great dread, and inoticed this child, in consequence of his pale and melancholycountenance, and apparently miserable condition.
i observed that noone took any notice of him; and that he was allowed to wander aboutthe great straggling workhouse, among the insane, the idiotic, andthe imbecile, without the slightest attention being paid to his goingand coming; in short, he lived the wretched life of a workhouse boy.
"i see that you are eager to ask what is a workhouse boy," said mymother, "so i will anticipate your question.
there is, in the variousparishes of the country to which we both belong, a building expresslyset apart for the accommodation and support of the destitute anddisabled poor.
it usually contains inmates of all ages, from theinfant just born, to the very aged, whose infirmities shew them to beon the verge of the grave.
they are all known to be in a state ofhelpless poverty, and quite unable to earn a subsistence forthemselves.
in this building they are clothed and fed; the youngerprovided with instruction necessary to put them in the way of earninga livelihood; the elders of the community enjoying the consolationsof religion, accorded to them by the regular visits of the chaplain."
"i suppose," i here observed, "that the people who lived there, weredeeply impressed with their good fortune in finding such an asylum?"
"as far as i could ever ascertain," mrs reichardt replied, "it wasexactly the reverse.
it was always thought so degrading to enter aworkhouse, that the industrious labourer would endure any and everyprivation rather than live there.
an honest hard-working man must besorely driven indeed, to seek such a shelter in his distress."
"that seems strange," i observed.
"why should he object to receivewhat he so much stands in need of?"
"when he thus comes upon the funds of the parish," answered mymother, "he becomes what is called a pauper, and among the englishpeasantry of the better sort, there is the greatest possible aversionto be ranked with this degraded class.
consequently, the inmates ofthe workhouses are either those whose infirmities prevent theirearning a subsistence, or the idle and the dissolute, who feel noneof the honest prejudices of self-dependence, and care only to livefrom day to day on the coarse and meagre fare afforded them by thecharity of their wealthier and more industrious fellow-creatures.
"the case of this poor boy i thought very pitiable.
i found out thathis name was heinrich reichardt.
he could speak no language but hisown, and therefore his wants remained unknown, and his feelingsunregarded.
he had been brought up with a certain sense of comfortand decency, which was cruelly outraged by the position in which hefound himself placed by the sudden death of his parents.
i observedthat he was often in tears, and his fair features and light haircontrasted remarkably with the squalid faces and matted locks of hiscompanions.
his wretchedness never failed to make a deep impressionon me.
"i brought him little presents, and strove to express my sympathyfor his sufferings.
he seemed, at first, more surprised thangrateful, but i shortly discovered that my attentions gave himunusual pleasure, and he looked upon my visits as his only solace andgratification.
"even at this period i exercised considerable influence over myfather, and i managed to interest him in the case of the poor foreignboy to such an extent, that he was induced to take him out of theworkhouse, and find him a home under his own roof.
he was at firstreluctant to burden himself with the bringing up of a child, who,from his foreign language and habits, could be of little use to himin his avocations; but i promised to teach him english, and all otherlearning of which he stood most in need, and assured my father thatin a prodigious short time i would make him a much abler assistantthan he was likely to find among the boys of the town.
"my father's desire to please me, rather than any faith he reposedin my assertions, led him to allow me to do as i pleased in thisaffair.
i lost no time, therefore, in beginning my course ofinstruction, and in a few weeks ascertained that i had an apt pupil,who was determined to proceed with his education as fast ascircumstances would admit.
we were soon able to express our ideas toeach other, and in a few months read together the book out of which ihad received so many invaluable lessons.
"in a short time, i became not less proud of, than partial to, mypupil.
i took him through the same studies which i had pursued underthe auspices of our clergyman, and was secretly pleased to find, notonly that he was singularly quick in imbibing my instructions, butdisplayed a strong natural taste for those investigations towardswhich i had shown so marked a bias.
"day after day have we sat together discoursing of the great eventsrecorded in holy writ: going over every chapter of its marvellousrecords, page by page, till the whole was so firmly fixed upon ourminds, that we had no necessity during our conversations forreferring to the sacred book.
we found examples we held up toourselves for imitation; we found incidents we regarded as promisesof divine protection; we found consolation and comfort, as well asexhortation and advice; and, moreover, we found a sort of instructionthat led us to select for ourselves duties that apparently tended tobring us nearer to the great being whose goodness we had sodiligently studied.
"my father seemed as much pleased with my successful teaching, as hehad been with my successful learning; and when young reichardt turnedout a remarkably handy and intelligent lad, to whose assistance insome of his avocations he could have recourse with perfect confidencein his cleverness and discretion, he grew extremely partial to him.
dr brightwell also proved his friend, and in a few years, thecondition of the friendless workhouse boy was so changed, he couldnot have been taken for the same person.
"he was a boy of a very grateful spirit, and always regarded me withthe devotion of a most thankful heart.
often would he contrast thewretchedness of his previous condition, with the happiness he nowenjoyed, and express in the warmest terms his obligations to me forthe important service i had rendered him in rescuing him from theabject misery of the workhouse.
under these circumstances, it is notextraordinary, that we should learn to regard each other with theliveliest feelings of affection, and while we were still children,endured all the transports and torments which make up the existenceof more experienced lovers."
"i do not like interrupting you," i here observed, "but i certainlyshould like to know what is meant by the word lovers?"
"i can scarcely explain it to you satisfactorily at present," saidmrs reichardt, with a smile; "but i have no doubt, before many yearshave passed over your head--always provided that you escape from thisisland--you will understand it without requiring any explanation.
buti must now leave my story, as many things of much consequence to ourfuture welfare now demand my careful attention."
i could not then ascertain from her what was meant by the word whosemeaning i had asked.
it had very much excited my curiosity, but sheleft me to attend to her domestic duties, of which she was extremelyregardful, and i had no opportunity at that time of eliciting fromher the explanation i desired.
it is impossible for me to overrate the value of mrs reichardt'sassistance.
indeed had it not been for her, circumstanced as i was atthis particular period, i should in all probability have perished.
her exhortations saved me from despair, when our position seemed tohave grown quite desperate.
but example did more, even, than precept.
her ingenuity in devising expedients, her activity in putting them inforce, her unfailing cheerfulness under disappointment, and christianresignation under privation, produced the best results.
i was enabledto bear up against the ill effects of our crippled resources,consequent upon the ill conduct of the sailors of the whaler, and thefailure of our fish-pond.
she manufactured strong lines for deep sea fishing, and havingdiscovered a shelf of rock, little more than two feet above the sea,to which with a good deal of difficulty i could descend, i took mystand one day on the rock with my lines baited with a piece of one ofmy feathered favourites, whom dire necessity had at last forced me todestroy.
i waited with all the patience of a veteran angler.
i knewthe water to be very deep, and it lay in a sheltered nook or cornerof the rocks about ten feet across; i allowed the line to drop somethree or four yards, and not having any float, could only tell i hada bite by feeling a pull at the line, which was wound round my arm.
after some time having been passed in this way, my attention waswithdrawn from the line, and given to the narrative i had so latelyheard--that is to say, though my eyes were still fixed upon the line,i had completely given up my thoughts to the story of the poor germanboy, who had been snatched from poverty by the interference of theparish clerk's daughter, and i contrived to speculate on what ishould have done under such circumstances, imagining all sorts ofextravagances in which i should have indulged, to testify mygratitude to so amiable and benevolent a friend.
a singular course of ideal scenes followed each other in quicksuccession in my mind--as i fancied myself the hero of a similaradventure.
i regarded my imaginary benefactress with feelings of suchintensity as i had never before experienced; and it seemed that i wasto her the exciting object of sentiments of a like nature, theknowledge of which awoke in our hearts the most agreeable sensations.
i was rudely disturbed out of this day-dream by finding myselfsuddenly plunged into the deep water beneath me.
the shock was sostartling, that some seconds elapsed before i could comprehend mysituation; and then it became clear that i must have hooked a fish,that had not only succeeded in pulling me off my balance, but theline by which he was held being round my arm, cutting painfully intothe flesh, threatened drowning by keeping me under water.
with greatdifficulty i managed to rise to the surface, and loosened thewindings of the line from my limb; then, anxious to retain possessionof what from its force must have been a fish well worth some troublein catching, i held on with both hands, and pulled with all mystrength.
at first, by main force i was drawn through the water; then when ifound the strain slacken, i drew in the line.
this manoeuvre wasrepeated several times, till i succeeded in obtaining a view of whati had caught; or, more properly speaking, of what had caught me.
itwas merely a glimpse; for the fish, which was a very large one,getting a sight of me within a few yards of him, made some desperateplunges, and again darted off, dragging me along with him, sometimesunder the water, and sometimes on the surface.
his body was nearly round, and about seven or eight feet long--rathera formidable antagonist for close quarters; nevertheless, i was mosteager to get at him, the more so, when i ascertained that his resistancewas evidently decreasing.
i continued to approach, and at last gotnear enough to plunge my knife up to the haft in his head, which atonce put an end to the struggle.
but now another difficulty presented itself.
in the ardour of thechase i had been drawn nearly a mile from the island, and i found itimpossible to carry back the produce of my sport, exhausted as i wasby the efforts i had made in capturing him.
i knew i could not swimwith such a burthen for the most inconsiderable portion of thedistance.
my fish therefore must be abandoned.
here was a bountifulsupply of food, as soon as placed within reach, rendered totallyunavailable.
i thought of mrs reichardt.
i thought how gratified she would havebeen, could i have brought to her such an excellent addition to ourscanty stock of food.
then i thought of her steadfast reliance uponprovidence, and what valuable lessons of piety and wisdom she wouldread me, if she found me depressed by my disappointment.
as soon as i could disconnect my tackle from the dead fish, i turnedmy face homewards, and struck out manfully for the shore; luckily idid not observe any sharks.
i landed safely without furtheradventure, and immediately sought my kind friend and companion, whomi found, as usual, industriously employed in endeavouring to secureme additional comforts.
if she was not engaged in ordinary women'swork, making, mending, cleaning, or improving, in our habitation, shewas sure to be found doing something in the immediate neighbourhood,which, though less feminine, shewed no less forethought, prudence,and sagacity.
our garden had prospered wonderfully under her hands.
the groundseemed now stocked with various kinds of vegetation, of which ineither knew the value, nor the proper mode of cultivation; and weseemed about to be surrounded with shrubs and plants--many of verypleasing appearance--that must in a short time entirely change theaspect of the place.
she heard my adventure with a good deal of interest, onlyremonstrating with me upon my want of caution, and dwelling upon thefatal consequences that must have ensued to herself, had i beendrowned or disabled by falling from the rock, or devoured by thesharks.
"you may consider yourself, my dear son," she observed, with seriousearnestness, "to have been under the divine care.
nothing can beclearer than that a wise and kind providence is continually watchingover his creatures when placed in unusual or perilous circumstances.
he occasionally affords them manifestations of his favour, toencourage them when engaged in good works.
this shews thecomprehensive eye of the master of many workmen, who overlooks thelabours of his more industrious servants, and indicates to them hisregard for their welfare and appreciation of their labours."
"but surely," i interposed, "if i had been under the superintendenceof the providence of which you speak, i should not have been obligedto abandon so capital a fish, when i had endured such trouble tocapture it, and when its possession was so necessary to our comfort,nay, even to our existence."
"the very abandonment of so unwieldy a creature," she replied, "isunanswerable evidence of a divine interposition in your favour; forhad you persisted in your intention of carrying it to the shore,there is but little doubt that its weight would have overpowered you,and that you would have been drowned; and then what would have becomeof me?
a woman left in this desolate spot to her own resources, mustsoon be forced to give up the struggle for existence, from want ofphysical strength.
nevertheless, there are numerous instances onrecord, of women having surmounted hardships which few men couldendure.
supported by our heavenly father, who is so powerful aprotector of the weak, and friend of the helpless, the weakest of ourweak sex may triumph over the most intolerable sufferings.
i,however, am not over confident of being so supported, and therefore,i think it would be but shewing a proper consideration for yourfellow exile, to act in every emergency with as much circumspectionand prudence as possible."
i promised that for the future i would run no such risks, and addedmany professions of regard for her safety.
they had the desiredeffect; i pretended to think no more of my disappointment,nevertheless, i found myself constantly dwelling on the size of mylost fish, and lamenting my being obliged to abandon him to his morevoracious brethren of the deep.
these thoughts so filled my mind thatat night i continued to dream over again the whole incident,beginning with my patient angling from the rock, and concluding withmy disconsolate swim to shore--and pursued my scaly antagonist quiteas determinedly in my sleep as i had done in the deep waters.
i rose early after having passed so disturbed a night, and soon mademy way to the usual haunt of nero, whom i discovered in the sea nearthe rocks making all sorts of strange tumblings and divings,apparently after some dark object that was floating in the water.
icalled him away, to examine what it was that had so attracted hisattention, and my surprise may be imagined when i made out the hugeform of my enemy of the preceding day.
my shouts and exclamations ofjoy soon brought mrs reichardt to the scene, and when she discoveredthe shape of this prodigious fish, her surprise seemed scarcely lessthan my own.
how to land him was our first consideration; and after some debateon the ways and means, i got a rope and leaped into the water withit, fastened a noose round his gills, and then swimming back andclimbing the rock; we jointly tried to pull him up on to the shore.
we hauled and tugged with all our force for a considerable time, butto very little effect; he was too heavy to pull up perpendicularly.
at last we managed to drag him to a low piece of rock, and there idivided him into several pieces, which mrs reichardt carried away todry and preserve in some way that she said would make the fishcapital eating all the year round.
it was very palatable when dressed by her, and as she changed themanner of cooking several times, i never got tired of it.
by itsflavour, as far as i could judge from subsequent knowledge, thecreature was something of the sturgeon kind of fish, but its propername i never could learn; nor was i ever able to catch another,therefore, i must presume that it was a stranger in those seas.
nevertheless, he proved most acceptable to us both, for we shouldhave fared but ill for some time, had it not been for hisprovidential capture.
it was one afternoon, when we had been enjoying a capital meal atthe expense of our great friend, that i led the subject to mrsreichardt's adventures, subsequently to where she broke off in thestory of herself and the poor german boy; and though not withoutconsiderable reluctance, i induced her to proceed with her narrative.
"our good minister dr brightwell," she commenced, "was a man ofconsiderable scholastic attainments, and he delighted in making adisplay of them.
at one time, he had been master of an extensivegrammar school, and now he employed a good deal of his leisure inteaching those boys and girls of the town, who indicated thepossession of anything like talent.
the overseers used to talkjestingly to my father of the doctor teaching plough-boys greek andlatin; and wenches, whose chief employment was stone-picking in thefields, geography and the use of the globes.
even the churchwardensshook their heads, and privately thought the rector a little out ofhis seven senses for wasting his learning upon such unprofitablescholars.
nevertheless, he continued his self-imposed task, withoutmeeting any reward beyond the satisfaction of his own conscience.
itwas not till he added to his pupils myself and young reichardt, thathe felt he was doing his duty with some prospect of advantage.
"the spirit of emulation roused both of us to make extraordinaryefforts to second our worthy master's endeavours: and this did not,as is usually the case, proceed from rivalry--it arose entirely froma desire of the one to stand well in the estimation of the other.
inthis way we learned the french and latin languages, geography, andthe usual branches of a superior education: but our bias was moreparticularly for religious knowledge, and our preceptor encouragedthis, till we were almost as good theologians as himself.
"while this information was being carefully arranged and digested,there sprung up in our hearts so deep a devotion for each other, thatwe were miserable when absent and enjoyed no gratification so much asbeing in each other's society.
we knew not then the full power andmeaning of this preference, but, as we changed from boy and girl-hoodto adult life, our feelings developed themselves into that attachmentbetween the sexes, which from time immemorial has received the nameof love."
"i think i know what that means, now," said i, as my day-dream,which was so rudely disturbed by my fall into the sea occurred to me.
"it would be strange if you did," she replied, "considering that itis quite impossible you should have become acquainted with it."
"yes, i am certain i understand it very well," i rejoined, moreconfidently, and then added, not without some embarrassment, "if iwere placed in the position of heinrich reichardt, i am quite sure ishould feel towards any young female, who was so kind to me, thedeepest regard and affection.
i should like to be constantly nearher, and should always desire that she should like me better thananyone else."
"that is quite as good an explanation of the matter, as i couldexpect from you," she observed, smiling.
"but to return to my story.
our mutual attachment attracted general attention, and was thesubject of much observation.
but we had no enemies: and when we weremet strolling together in the shady lanes, gathering wild flowers, orwandering through the woods in search of wild strawberries, no onethought it necessary to make any remark if we had our arms round eachother's waist.
my father, if he heard anything about it, did notinterfere.
young reichardt had made himself so useful to him, andshewed himself so remarkably clever in everything he undertook, thatthe old man loved him as his own son.
"it was a settled thing between us, that we were to become man andwife, as soon as we should be permitted.
and many were our plans andschemes for the future.
heinrich considered himself to be in theposition of jacob, who served such a long and patient apprenticeshipfor rachel; and though he confessed he should not like to wait solong for his wife as the patriarch had been made to do, heacknowledged he would rather serve my father to the full period, thangive up all hope of possessing me.
"this happy state of things was, however, suddenly put an end to, bydr brightwell one day sending for my father.
it was a long timebefore he came back, and when he did, he looked unusually grave andreserved.
in an hour or so he communicated to me the result of hislong interview with the rector.
the doctor had resolved to send youngreichardt to a distant place, where many learned men lived togetherin colleges, for the purpose of further advancing his education, andfitting him for a religious teacher, to which vocation he had longexpressed a desire to devote himself.
the idea of separation seemedvery terrible, but i at last got reconciled to it, in the belief thatit would be greatly for heinrich's advantage, and we parted at lastwith many tears, many protestations, some fears, but a great manymore hopes.
"for some days after he had left me, everything seemed so strange,every one seemed so dull, every place seemed so desolate, that i feltas if i had been transported into some dismal scene, where i knew noone, and where there was no one likely to care about me in theslightest degree.
my father went about his avocations in a differentspirit to what he had so long been used to exhibit; it was evident hemissed heinrich as much as i did, and the villagers stared whenever ipassed them--as though my ever going about without heinrich, wassomething which they had never anticipated.
"in course of time, however, to all appearance, everything and everyone went on in their daily course, as though no heinrich had everbeen heard of.
my father would sometimes, when overpressed bybusiness, refer to the able assistant he had lost, and now and then iheard a conjecture hazarded by some one or other of his mostconfidential friends, as to what young reichardt was doing withhimself.
my conjectures, and my references to him, were far frombeing so occasional; there was scarce an hour of the day i did notthink of him; but, believing that i should please him most byendeavouring to improve as much as possible during his absence, i didnot give myself up to idle reflections respecting the past, oranticipations, equally idle, respecting the future.
"my great delight was in hearing from him.
at first, his lettersexpressed only his feelings for me; then he dwelt more largely on hisown exertions for preparing himself for the profession he desired toadopt; and after a time, his correspondence was almost entirelycomposed of expositions of his views of a religious life, anddissertations on various points of doctrine.
he evidently was growingmore enthusiastic in religion, and less regardful of our attachment.
"yet i entertained no apprehensions or misgivings.
i did not thinkit necessary to consider myself slighted because the thoughts of myfuture husband were evidently raised more and more above me; theknowledge of this only made me more anxious to raise myself more andmore towards the elevation to which his thoughts were so intentlydirected.
"things went on in this way for two or three years.
i never saw himall this time; i heard from him but seldom.
he excused his limitedcorrespondence on the plea that his studies left him no time forwriting.
i never blamed him for this apparent neglect--indeed irather encouraged it, for my exhortations were always that he shouldaddress his time and energies towards the attainment of the object iknew him to have so much at heart--his becoming a minister of ourlord's gospel.
"one day my father came home from the rectory with a troubledcountenance.
dr brightwell was very indignant because heinrich hadjoined a religious community that dissented from the articles of thechurch of england.
the doctor had offered to get him employment inthe church, if he would give up his new connections: but the moreearnest character of his new faith exerted so much influence over hisenthusiastic nature, that he willingly abandoned his bright prospectsto become a more humble labourer in a less productive vineyard.
"my father, as the clerk of the parish, seemed to think himselfbound to share in the indignation of his pastor for this desertion,and heinrich was severely condemned by him for displaying suchingratitude to his benefactor: i was commanded to think no more of him.
"this, however, was not so easy a matter, although our correspondenceappeared to have entirely ceased.
i knew not where to address a letterto him and was quite unaware of what his future career was now to be."
"time passed on.
with all, except myself, heinrich reichardtappeared to be forgotten; in the opinion of all, except myself, hehad forgotten our house, and all the friends he had once made there.
our good rector had been removed by death from the post he had soably filled; and my father being incapacitated by age and infirmityfrom attending his duties in the church, had his place filled byanother.
he had saved sufficient to live upon, and had built himselfa small cottage at the end of the village, where we lived together inperfect peace, if not in perfect happiness.
"i had long grown up to womanhood, and having some abilities, hadbeen employed as one of the teachers of the girls' school, of which ihad raised myself to be mistress.
i conducted myself so as to win therespect of the chief parochial officers, from more than one of whom ireceived proposals of marriage: but i never could reconcile myself tothe idea of becoming the wife of any man but the long-absentheinrich, and the new clerk and the overseer were fain to be contentwith my grateful rejection of their proposals.
"i determined to wait patiently till i could learn from heinrich'sown lips that he had abandoned his early friend.
i could never getmyself to believe in the possibility of his unfaithfulness; and theremembrances of our mutual studies in the book of truth seemed alwaysto suggest the impossibility of his acting so completely at variancewith the impressions he had thence received.
"i was aware that if i had mentioned my hopes of his one day comingto claim me, i should be laughed at by everyone who knew anything ofour story--so i said nothing; but continued the more devotedly in myheart to cherish that faith which had so long afforded me supportagainst the overwhelming evidence of prolonged silence and neglect.
"there was a congregation of dissenters in the town, and i had beenonce or twice prevailed on to join their devotions.
one day i heardthat proceedings of extraordinary interest would take place at themeeting-house.
a minister of great reputation had accepted thesituation of missionary to preach the gospel to the heathen, and hewas visiting the different congregations that lay in his route to theseaport whence he was to embark to the sandwich islands.
he wasexpected to address a discourse to the dissenters of our parish, andi was induced to go and hear him.
"the meeting-house was very much crowded, but i contrived to get aseat within a short distance of the speakers, and waited with muchinterest to behold the man, who, like some of the first preachers,had chosen the perilous task of endeavouring to convert a nation ofsavage idolaters to the faith of the true christ.
"after a short delay he appeared on a raised platform, and wasintroduced to this congregation by their minister.
i heard nothing ofthis introduction, though it seemed a long one; i saw nothing of thespeaker, though his was a figure which always attracted an attentiveaudience.
i saw only the stranger.
in those pale, grave, and seriousfeatures then presented to me, i recognised heinrich reichardt."
"he had come back to you at last," i exclaimed; "i thought he would.
after all you had done for the poor german boy, it was impossiblethat he should grow up to manhood and forget you."
"you shall hear," she replied.
"for some time my heart beat wildly,and i thought i should be obliged to leave the place, my sensationsbecame so overpowering; but the fear of disturbing the congregation,and of attracting attention towards myself, had such influence overme, that i managed to retain sufficient control over my feelings toremain quiet.
nevertheless, my eyes were upon heinrich, and my wholeheart and soul were exclusively engrossed by him while he continuedbefore me.
"presently he began to speak.
as i have just said, i paid noattention to the preliminary proceedings.
i know nothing of themanner in which he was introduced to his audience; but when he becamethe speaker, every word fell upon my ear with a distinctness thatseemed quite marvellous to me.
"and how could it be otherwise?
his tall figure, his melancholy yetexpressive features, his earnest manner, and clear and sonorousvoice, invested him with all the power and dignity of an apostle, andwhen with these attributes were joined those associations of the pastwith which he was so intimately connected, it is impossible toexaggerate the influence he exercised over me.
"he began with a fervent blessing on all who had sought the sanctityof that roof, and his hearers, impressed with the thrilling earnestnessof his delivery, became at once hushed into a kind of awe-struckattention.
they knelt down, and bowed their heads in prayer.
"i appeared to have no power to follow the general example, butremained the only sitter in the entire congregation with my eyes,nay, all my senses, fixed, rivetted upon the preacher.
this, ofcourse, attracted his attention.
i saw him look towards me withsurprise, then he started, his voice hesitated for a moment, but healmost immediately continued his benediction, and, as it seemed tome, with a voice tremulous with emotion.
"then followed a discourse on the object of the preacher inpresenting himself there.
he described the wonderful goodness of thecreator in continually raising up the most humble instruments of hiswill to perform the most important offices; in illustration of whichhe referred to the numerous instances in the old and new testaments,where god's preference in this way is so clearly manifested.
"he then stated that 'a case had arisen for divine interposition,equal in necessity to any which had occurred since the firstcommencement of christianity.'
he explained that 'there were nationsstill existing in a distant portion of the globe in a state of thewildest barbarism.
ignorant savages were they, with many cruel andidolatrous customs, who were cannibals and murderers, and given up tothe worst vices of the heathen.
their abject and pitiable state, hetold us, the lord god had witnessed with divine commiseration, andhad determined that the light of christian love should shine upontheir darkness, and that almighty wisdom should dissipate theirbesotted ignorance.
"'but who' he asked, 'was to be the ambassador from so stupendous apower to these barbarous states?
who would venture to be a messengerof peace and comfort to a cruel and savage nation?
was there no man,'he again asked, 'great enough and bold enough to undertake a missionof such vast importance, attended by such terrible risks?
"'the almighty ruler seeks not for his ministers among the great andbold,' he added, 'as it is written, he hath put down the mighty fromtheir seats, and hath exalted the humble and meek.
and it will bepeculiarly so on this occasion, for the exaltation is from thehumblest origin; so humble it is scarcely possible to imagine somiserable a beginning, in the end attaining distinction so honorable.
"'imagine, if you can, my brethren,' he said, 'in the building setapart in your town for the reception of your destitute poor, a childparentless, friendless, and moneyless, condemned, as it seemed, toperpetual raggedness and intolerable suffering.
a ministering angel,under the direction of the supreme goodness, took that child by thehand and led it out of the pauper walls that enclosed it, and underits auspices the child grew and flourished, and learned all that wasexcellent in faith and admirable in practice.
"'it was ordained that he should lose sight of his angelic teacher.
a dire necessity compelled him to withdraw from that pure andgracious influence.
he had to learn in a different school, andprepare himself for heavier tasks.
manhood, with all its severeresponsibilities, came upon him.
he sought first to render himselfcompetent for some holy undertaking, before he could consider himselfworthy again to claim that notice which had made him what he was.
earnestly he strove for the divine assistance and encouragement; andas his qualifications increased, his estimate of the worthinessnecessary for the object he had in view, became more and more exalted.
"'at last,' he continued, 'it became known to him that a missionarywas required to explain to the savage people to whom i have alreadyalluded, the principles of christianity.
he was appointed to thissacred trust: and he then determined, before he left this country forthe distant one of his ministry, to present himself before thatbeneficent being who had poured out before him so abundant a measureof christian virtue; that they might be joined together in the samegreat vocation, and support each other in the same important trust.'
"i heard enough," continued mrs reichardt.
"all was explained, and iwas fully satisfied.
the discourse proceeded to identify the speakerwith the poor boy who had been preserved for such onerous duties.
then came an appeal to the congregation for their prayers, and suchassistance as they could afford, to advance so holy a work as theconversion of the heathen.
"i was in such a tumult of pleasant feelings that i retained but aconfused recollection of the subsequent events.
i only remember thatas i was walking home from the meeting, i heard footsteps quicklyfollowing; in a few minutes more the voice that had so lately filledmy heart to overflowing with happiness, again addressed me.
i was toomuch excited to remain unconcerned on suddenly discovering thatheinrich was so near, and i fell fainting into his arms.
"i was carried into a neighbouring cottage, but in a short time wasenabled to proceed home.
in a week afterwards we were married: a fewdays more sufficed for the preparations that were required for mydestination, and then we proceeded to the port, and embarked on boardthe ship that was to take us over many thousand miles of sea, to thewild, unknown country that was to be the scene of our mission."
mrs reichardt was obliged to break off her narrative, where itconcluded at the end of the last chapter.
as i have said, herhousehold duties, being very numerous, and requiring a great deal ofattention, took up nearly the whole of her time.
the garden now presented a most agreeable appearance, possessingseveral different kinds of vegetables, and various plants that hadbeen raised from seed.
we had succeeded in raising several youngorange trees from the pips she had brought in her basket; and theypromised to supply us with plenty of their luscious fruit.
even thepeas we thought so dry and useless had germinated, and provided uswith a welcome addition to our table.
i shall never forget the firstday she added to our scanty meal of dried fish a dish of smokingpotatoes fresh out of the moist earth.
after enjoying sufficiently mywonder at their appearance, and delight at their agreeable taste, sheinformed me of their first introduction into europe, and theirgradual diffusion over the more civilised portions of the globe.
i speak of europe now, because i had learned from my companion, notonly a good deal of geography, but had obtained some insight intoseveral other branches of knowledge.
in particular, she had told memuch interesting information about england, much more than i hadlearned from jackson; dwelling upon its leading features, and themost remarkable portions of its history; and i must acknowledge thati felt a secret pride in belonging to so great a country.
i considered that i belonged to it, for my father and mother wereenglish, and though i might be called the little savage, and be fixedto an obscure island in the great ocean, i felt that my real home wasin this great country my mother talked about so glowingly, and thatmy chief object ought to be to return into the hands of mygrandfather the belt that had in so singular a manner come into mypossession.
i often thought of this great england whose glory had been so widelyspread and so durably established, and longed for some means ofleaving our present abode, and going in search of its time-honouredshores.
but i asked myself how was this desirable object to beeffected?
we had no means of transporting ourselves from the prisoninto which we had been accidentally cast.
we had nothing resembling aboat on the island, and we had no tools for making one; and even hadwe been put in possession of such a treasure, we had no means oflaunching it.
the rocky character of the coast made the placing of aboat on the water almost impossible.
the expectation of a vessel appearing off the island appeared quiteas unreasonable.
we had seen no ships for a long time, and those wehad observed were a great deal too far off to heed our signals.
we had no help for it, but to trust to providence and bear ourpresent evil patiently.
nevertheless, i took my glass and swept thesea far and wide in search of a ship, but failed to discover anythingbut a spermaceti whale blowing in the distance, or a shoal ofporpoises tumbling over each other nearer the shore, or a colony ofseals basking in the sun on the rocks nearest the sea.
mydisappointment was shared by nero, who seemed to regard my vexationwith a sympathising glance, and even the gannets turned their dullstupid gaze upon me, with an expression as if they deeplycommiserated my distress.
i had for a long time employed myself in making a shelving descentto the sea, on the most secure part of the rock, intending that itshould be a landing place for a boat, in case any ship should comenear enough to send one to our rescue.
it was a work of great labour,and hatchet and spade equally suffered in my endeavours to effect myobject; but at last i contrived to take advantage of a naturalfracture in the rock, and a subsequent fall of the cliff, to make arude kind of inclined plane, rather too steep, and too rough for badclimbers, but extremely convenient for my mother and me, whenever weshould be prepared to embark for our distant home.
my thoughts were now often directed to the possibility of making on theisland some kind of boat that would hold ourselves and sufficientprovisions for a voyage to the nearest of the larger islands.
i spoketo mrs reichardt on the subject, but she dwelt upon the impossibilitywithout either proper tools, or the slightest knowledge of boat-building,of producing a vessel to which we could trust ourselves with anyconfidence, neither of us knowing anything about its management inthe open sea; and then she spoke of the dangers a small boat wouldmeet with, if the water should be rough, or if we should not be ableto make the island in any reasonable time.
yet i was not daunted by difficulties, nor dissuaded by discouragingrepresentations.
i thought at first of fastening all the loose timbertogether that had drifted against the rocks, as much in the shape ofa boat as i could get it, but on looking over my stock of nails, ifound they fell very far short of the proper quantity; consequentlythat mode of effecting my purpose was abandoned.
i then thought of felling a tree and hollowing it out by charringthe timber.
as yet i had discovered nothing on the island but shrubs.
i was quite certain that no tree grew near enough to the sea to beavailable, and if i should succeed in cutting down a large one andfashioning it as i desired, i had no means of transport.
i might possibly make a boat capable of carrying all i wanted to putinto it, but as i could neither move the water up to the boat, northe boat down to the water, for all the service i wanted of it, evenif the island contained a tree large enough, i might just as wellleave it untouched.
still i would not altogether abandon my favourite project.
i thoughtof the willows that grew on the island, and fancied i could make aframework by twisting them strongly together, and stretching sealskins over them.
i laboured at this for several weeks,--exercisingall my ingenuity and no slight stock of patience, to create an objectwith which i was but imperfectly acquainted.
i did succeed at last in putting together something in a remotedegree resembling the boat that brought part of the whaler's crew tothe island and had taken them away, but it was not a quarter thesize, and was so light that i could carry it without much difficultyto the landing i had constructed on the cliff.
when i came to try itscapabilities, i found it terribly lop-sided--it soon began to leak,and in fact it exhibited so many faults, that i was forced to drag itagain on shore, and take it to pieces.
i called in mrs reichardt to my assistance, and though at first sheseemed averse to the experiment, she gave me a great deal ofinformation respecting the structure of small boats, and the methodof waterproofing leather and other fabrics.
i attended carefully toall she said, and commenced re-building with more pretensions to art.
i now made a strong frame-work, tolerably sharp at each end, and asnearly as possible resembling a keel at the bottom.
i covered this onboth sides with pieces of strong cloth saturated with grease from thecarcases of birds, and then covered the whole with well-dried sealskins, which i had made impervious to wet.
the inside of the boatnearest the water i neatly covered with pieces of dry bark, overwhich i fixed some boards, which had floated to the island fromwrecked ships.
finally i put in some benches to sit on, and thenfancied i had done everything that was necessary.
i soon got her into the fishing-pool, and was delighted to find thatshe floated capitally--but i still had a great deal to do.
i had madeneither oars to propel her through the water, nor sail to carry herthrough the waves, when rowing was impossible.
i remembered thewhaler's spare oars and mizen, but they were too large; nevertheless,they served me as models to work upon, and in time i made a roughpair of paddles or oars, which, though rudely fashioned, i hopedwould answer the purpose pretty well.
the next difficulty was how to use the oars, and i made many awkwardattempts before i ascertained the proper method of proceeding.
againmy companion, on whom nothing which had once passed before her eyeshad passed in vain, shewed me how the boat should be managed.
in a short time i could row about the pool with sufficient dexterityto turn the boat in any direction i required, and i then took nero asa passenger, and he seemed to enjoy the new gratification with apraiseworthy decorum; till, when i was trying to turn the boat round,the movement caused him to attempt to shift his quarters, which hedid with so little attention to the build of our vessel, that in onemoment she was capsized, and in the next we were swimming about inthe pool with our vessel bottom upwards.
as she was so light, i soon righted her, and found that she hadreceived no injury, and appeared to be perfectly water-tight.
i could not prevail upon mrs reichardt to embark in my craft, thefate of my first passenger which she had witnessed from the shore,had deterred her from attempting a voyage under such unpromisingcircumstances.
as soon as i had dried my clothes, i was for making anotherexperiment, and one too of a more hazardous nature.
i would not beparted from nero, but i made him lie at the bottom of the boat, wherei could have him under strict control.
with him i also took my littleflock of gannets, who perched themselves round me, gazing about themwith an air of such singular stupidity as they were being propelledthrough the water, that i could not help bursting out laughing.
"indeed," said mrs reichardt, "such a boat's crew and such a boathas never been seen in those seas before.
a young savage as captain,a tame seal as boatswain, and a flock of gannets as sailors,certainly made up as curious a set of adventurers as ever floatedupon the wide ocean."
i was not the least remarkable of the strange group, for i hadnothing on but a pair of duck trousers, patched in several places;and my hair, which had grown very long, hung in black wavy masses tomy shoulders.
my skin was tanned by the sun to a light brown, verydifferent from the complexion of mrs reichardt, which had ever beenremarkable for its paleness.
indeed she told me i should find somedifficulty in establishing my claim to the title of european, butnone at all to that of little savage, which she often playfullycalled me.
nevertheless, in this trim, and with these companions, i passed outof the fishing-pool into the sea, with the intention of rowing roundthe island.
mrs reichardt waved her hand as i departed on my voyage,having exhorted me to be very careful, as long as i was in hearing;she then turned away, as i thought, to return to the hut.
the day was remarkably fine.
there was not so much as a cloud on thehorizon, and scarcely a ripple on the water: therefore, everythingseemed to favour my project, for if there had been anything of abreeze, the beating of the waves against the rock would have been agreat obstacle to my pursuing my voyage with either comfort orsafety.
the water too was so clear, that although it was of greatdepth, i could distinguish the shells that lay on the sand, andobserve various kinds of fish, some of most curious shape, thatrushed rapidly beneath the boat as it was urged along.
i was delighted with the motion, and with the agreeable appearanceof the different novelties that met my gaze.
the light boat glidedalmost imperceptibly through the water at every stroke of the oar.
nero lay as still as if his former lesson had taught him thenecessity of remaining motionless; and the gannets now and thenexpressed their satisfaction by a shrill cry or a rapid fluttering oftheir wings.
in this way, we passed on without any adventure, till i found itnecessary for me to row some distance out to sea, to round aprojecting rock that stood like a mighty wall before me.
i pulledaccordingly, and then had a better opportunity of seeing the islandthan i had ever obtained.
i recognised all the favourite places, theravine, the wood, the hut covered with beautiful creepers, and thegarden, full of flowers, looked very agreeable to the eye: but everypart seemed to look pleasant, except the great savage rocks whichenclosed the island on every side: but even these i thought had anair of grandeur that gave additional effect to the scene.
much to my surprise, i recognised mrs reichardt walking rapidlytowards a part of the shore, near which i should be obliged to pass.
from this i saw that she was intent on watching me from point topoint, to know the worst, if any accident should befall me, and be athand should there be a necessity for rendering assistance.
i shoutedto her, and she waved her hand in reply.
on rounding the headland, my astonishment was extreme on finding mylittle bark in the midst of a shoal of enormous sharks.
if i came incontact with one of them i was lost, for the frail boat wouldcertainly be upset and as jackson had assured me, if ever i allowedthese monsters to come near enough, one snap of their jaws, and therewould be an end of the little savage.
i thought of the warning of mrsreichardt, and was inclined to think i had better have taken heradvice, and remained in the fishing-pool; nevertheless, i went on asquietly and deliberately as possible, exercising all my skill to keepclear of my unexpected enemies.
it was not till i had got into the middle of the shoal that thesharks seemed to be aware there was anything unusual in theirneighbourhood, but as soon as they were fully aware of the presenceof an intruder, they exhibited the most extraordinary excitement,rushing together in groups, with such rapid motion, that the waterbecame so agitated, i was obliged to exercise all my skill to keepthe boat steady on her course.
they dived, and rushed to and fro, and jostled each other, as ithought, in anything but an amicable spirit; still, however, keepingat a respectful distance from the boat, for which i was extremelythankful.
i urged her on with all my strength, for the purpose ofgetting away from such unpleasant neighbours; but they were not to beso easily disposed of.
they came swimming after the boat, then whenwithin a few yards dived, and in a moment they were before it, as ifto bar any further progress.
i however pushed on, and they disappeared, but immediatelyafterwards rose on all sides of me.
they were evidently getting moreconfidence; a fact i ascertained with no slight apprehension, forthey began to approach nearer, and their gambols threatened everyminute to overwhelm my poor craft, that, light as a cork, bounced upand down the agitated waves, as if quite as much alarmed for oursafety as ourselves.
the captain was not the only one who began to fear evil; the gannetswere very restless, and it was only by strong admonitions i couldprevail on nero to retain his recumbent attitude at my feet; theirinstinct warned them of approaching danger, and i felt thecomfortable assurance that my own rashness had brought me into mypresent critical position, and that if the menaced destruction didarrive, there was no sort of assistance at hand on which i could rely.
every moment the sharks became more violent in their demonstrations,and more bold in their approaches, and i could scarcely keep the boatgoing, or prevent the water rushing over her sides.
the gannets,having shewn themselves for some minutes uneasy, had at last flownaway to the neighbouring rock, and nero began to growl and snap, asthough meditating a forcible release from his prostrate position, tosee what mischief was brewing.
as i was coaxing him to be quiet, i felt a tremendous blow given tothe boat, evidently from beneath, and she rose into the air severalyards, scattering nero and myself, and the oars, in differentdirections.
the noise we made in falling appeared for the instant to havescattered the creatures, for i had struck out for the rock and nearlyreached it before a shark made its appearance.
just then i saw a large monster rushing towards me.
i thought allwas over.
he turned to open his great jaws, and in another instant ishould have been devoured.
at that critical period i saw a second object dart in between me andthe shark, and attack the latter fiercely.
it was nero, and it wasthe last i ever saw of my faithful friend.
his timely interpositionenabled me to reach a ledge in the cliff, where i was in perfectsafety, hanging by some strong seaweed, although my feet nearlytouched the water, and i could retain my position only with thegreatest difficulty.
the whole shoal were presently around me.
they a first paid theirattentions to the boat and the oars, which they buffeted about tillthey were driven close to the rock, at a little distance from theplace where i had found temporary safety.
they left these thingsunharmed as soon as they caught sight of me, and then their eagernessand violence returned with tenfold fury.
they darted towards me in abody, and i was obliged to lift my legs, or i should have had themsnapped off by one or other of the twenty gaping jaws that werethrust over each other, in their eagerness to make a mouthful of mylimbs.
this game was carried on for some minutes of horrible anxiety to me.
i fancied that my struggles had loosened the seaweed, and that in afew minutes it must give way, and i should then be fought for andtorn to pieces by the ravenous crew beneath.
i shouted with all thestrength of my lungs to scare them away; but as if they were as wellaware that i could not escape them as i was myself, they merely leftoff their violent efforts to reach my projecting legs, and forming asemi-circle round me, watched with upturned eyes, that seemed topossess a fiendish expression that fascinated and bewildered me, thesnapping of the frail hold that supported me upon the rock.
in my despair i prayed heartily, but it was rather to commend mysoul to my maker, than with any prospect of being rescued from soimminent and horrible a peril.
the eyes of the ravenous monstersbelow seemed to mock my devotion.
i felt the roots of the seaweedgiving way: the slightest struggle on my part would i knew onlyhasten my dissolution, and i resigned myself to my fate.
in this awful moment i heard a voice calling out my name.
it was mrsreichardt on the cliff high above me.
i answered with all theeagerness of despair.
then there came a heavy splash into the water,and i heard her implore me to endeavour to make for a small shrubthat grew in a hollow of the rock, at a very short distance from thetuft of seaweed that had become so serviceable.
i looked down.
the sharks had all disappeared; i knew, however, thatthey would shortly return, and lost not a moment in making an effortto better my position in the manner i had been directed.
mrsreichardt had thrown a heavy stone into the water among the sharks,the loud splash of which had driven them away.
before they again madetheir appearance, i had caught a firm hold of the twig, and flungmyself up into a position of perfect safety.
"thank god he's safe!"
i heard mrs reichardt exclaim.
the sharks did return, but when they found their anticipated preyhad escaped, they swam lazily out to sea.
"are you much hurt, frank henniker?"
she presently cried out to me.
"i have not a scratch," i replied.
"then thank god for your deliverance," she added.
i did thank god, and mrs reichardt joined with me in prayer, and amore fervent thanksgiving than was ours, it is scarcely possible toimagine.
i had several times pressed mrs reichardt for the conclusion of herstory, but she had always seemed reluctant to resume the subject.
itwas evidently full of painful incidents, and she shrunk from dwellingupon them.
at last, one evening we were sitting together, she workingwith her needle and i employed upon a net she had taught me how tomanufacture, and i again led the conversation to the narrative mycompanion had left unfinished.
she sighed heavily and lookeddistressed.
"it is but natural you should expect this of me, my son," she said;"but you little know the suffering caused by my recalling themelancholy events that i have to detail.
however, i have led you toexpect the entire relation, and, therefore, i will endeavour torealise your anticipations."
i assured her i was ready to wait, whenever it might be agreeablefor her to narrate the termination of her interesting history.
"it will never be agreeable to me," she replied mournfully; "indeedi would forget it, if i could; but that is impossible.
the strugglemay as well be made now, as at any time.
i will therefore commence byinforming you, that during our long voyage to the sandwich islands, ifound ample opportunity for studying the disposition of my husband.
he was much changed since he first left me, but his was still thesame grateful nature, full of truth and purity, that had won metowards him when a child.
a holy enthusiasm seemed now to exalt himabove ordinary humanity.
i could scarcely ever get him to talk uponany but religious subjects, and those he treated in so earnest andexalted a manner, that it was impossible to avoid being carried awaywith his eloquence.
"he seemed to feel the greatness of his destination, as though ithad raised him to an equality with the adventurous saints, whoestablished the banner of christ among the pagan nations of europe.
he was fond of dilating upon the importance of his mission, and ofdwelling on the favour that had been vouchsafed him, in causing himto be selected for so high and responsible a duty.
"it was evident that he would rather have been sent to associatewith the barbarous people whom he expected to make his converts, thanhave been raised to the richest bishopric in england.
and yet, withthis exultation, there was a spirit of deep melancholy pervading hiscountenance, as well as his discourses, that seemed to imply a senseof danger.
the nimbus of the saint in his eyes was associated withthe crown of martyrdom.
he seemed to look forward to a fataltermination of his ministry, as the most and proper conclusion of hislabours.
"his conversation often filled me with dread.
his intimations ofdanger seemed at first very shocking, but, at last, i got morefamiliar with these terrible suggestions, and regarded them as thedistempered fancies of an overworked mind.
"in this way our long voyage passed, and we arrived at last at ourplace of destination.
when we had disembarked, the scene thatpresented itself to me was so strange, that i could almost believe ihad passed into a new world.
the most luxurious vegetation, of acharacter i had never seen before--the curious buildings--thesingular forms of the natives, and their peculiar costume--excited mywonder to an intense degree.
"my husband applied himself diligently to learn the language of thepeople, whilst i as intently studied their habits and customs.
weboth made rapid progress.
"as soon as i could make myself understood, i endeavoured to makefriends with the women, particularly with the wives of the great men,and although i was at first the object of more curiosity than regard,i persisted in my endeavours, and succeeded in establishing with manya good understanding.
"i found them ignorant of everything that in civilised countries isconsidered knowledge--their minds being enveloped in the mostdeplorable darkness--the only semblance of religion in use amongstthem, being a brutal and absurd idolatry.
"i often tried to lead them to the consideration of more humanisingtruths, for the purpose of preparing the way for the inculcation ofthe great mysteries of our holy religion: but the greater portion ofmy hearers were incompetent to understand what i seemed so desirousof teaching, and my making them comprehend the principles ofchristianity appeared to be a hopeless task.
"yet i continued my pious labours, without allowing my exertions toflag--making myself useful to them and their families in every way icould--attending them when sick--giving them presents when well--andshowing them every kindness likely to make a favourable impression ontheir savage natures.
in this way i proceeded doing good, till ifound an opportunity of being of service to a young girl, abouttwelve years of age, who was a younger sister of one of the wives ofa great chief.
she had sprained her ankle and was in great pain, wheni applied the proper remedies and gave her speedy relief.
hooloo, forthat was her name, from that moment became warmly attached to me, andfinding her of an affectionate and ingenuous disposition, i becameextremely desirous of improving upon the good impression i had made.
"at the same time my husband sought, by his knowledge of themechanical arts, and some acquaintance with medicine, to recommendhimself to the men.
he also met with much difficulty at first, inmaking his information properly appreciated.
he sought to increasetheir comforts--to introduce agricultural implements of a moreuseful description, and to lead them generally towards theconveniences and decencies of civilisation.
he built himself a house,and planted a garden, and cultivated some land, in which he shewedthe superior advantages of what he knew, to what they practised.
theyseemed to marvel much, but continued to go on in their own way.
"he also went amongst them as a physician, and having acquiredconsiderable knowledge of medicine and simple surgery, he was enabledto work some cures in fevers and spear wounds, that in course of timemade for him so great a reputation, that many of the leading chiefssent for him when anything ailed them or their families, and theywere so well satisfied with what he did for them, that he began to belooked upon as one who was to be treated with particular respect andhonour, by all classes of the natives, from the highest to the lowest.
"on one occasion the king required his services.
he was sufferingfrom a sort of cholic, for which the native doctors could give him norelief.
my husband administered some medicines, and stayed with hismajesty until they had the desired effect, and the result being acomplete recovery, seemed so astonishing to all the members of hissandwich majesty's court, that the doctor was required to administerthe same medicine to every one, from the queen to the humblest of herattendants, though all were apparently in good health.
he managed tosatisfy them with a small portion only of the mixture, which he wasquite certain could do them no harm: and they professed to bewonderfully the better for it."
"his reputation had now grown so great, that whatever he requiredwas readily granted.
he first desired to have some children sent him;to learn those things which had enabled him to do so much good, andthis having been readily sanctioned, we opened a school for girls andboys, in which we taught the first elements of a civilised education.
"finding we made fair progress in this way, we commenced developingour real object, the inculcation of christian sentiments.
thismeeting with no opposition, and reichardt having established apowerful influence over the entire community, he next proceeded withthe parents, and earnestly strove to induce them to embrace theprofession of christianity.
"his labours were not entirely unproductive.
there began to prevailamongst the islanders, a disposition to hear the wondrous discoursesof this stranger, and he was employed, day after day, in explainingto large and attentive audiences, the history of the christian world,and the observances and doctrine of that faith which had beencemented by the blood of the redeemer.
the new and startling subjectsof his discourse, as well as the impressive character of hiseloquence, frequently deeply moved his hearers; and at hisrevelations they would often burst forth into piercing shouts andloud expressions of amazement.
"in truth it was a moving scene.
the noble figure of the missionary,with his fine features lighted up with the fire of holy enthusiasm,surrounded by a crowd of dusky savages, armed with spears and warclubs, and partly clothed with feathers, in their features shewingtraces of unusual excitement, and every now and then joining in awild chorus, expressive of their wonder, could not have beenwitnessed by any christian, without emotion.
"but when the ceremony of baptism was first performed before them,their amazement was increased a thousandfold.
the first member of ourflock was hooloo, whom i had instructed so far, in the principles ofour faith, and i had acquired such an influence over her mind, thatshe readily consented to abandon her idolatrous customs and become achristian.
"after a suitable address to the natives, who had assembled in somethousands to witness the spectacle, in which he explained to them themotive and object of baptism, my husband assisted the girl down asloping green bank which led to a beautiful stream, and walked withher into the water till he was up to his waist; then, after offeringup a long and fervent prayer that this first victory over the falseworship of the devil, might be the forerunner of the entireextirpation of idolatry from the land, he, plunging her into thewater, baptised her in the name of the father, the son, and the holyghost.
"all the people were awed to silence while the ceremony proceeded,but when it was over they burst forth into a loud cry, and came downto meet the new christian and my husband as they came out of thewater, and waved over them boughs of trees, and danced and shouted asthough in an ecstasy.
"we however had not proceeded to this extent, without excitingconsiderable opposition; our disrespect towards their idols had givengreat offence to those who were identified with the superstitions ofthe people, and flourished according as these were supported.
complaints were made too of our teaching a new religion, inopposition to the gods they and their fathers had worshipped, and apowerful party was got together for the purpose of pursuing us todestruction.
"my husband was summoned before a council of the great chiefs, tohear the accusations that had been brought against him: and the oldidolaters got up and abused him, and threatened him with thepunishment of their monstrous gods, for telling lies to the people,and deceiving them with forged tales and strange customs.
"they sought all they could, to move the judges against him, bypainting the terrible fate that would befall them if they failed tokill the white stranger, who had insulted their gods; and theypredicted hosts of calamities that were to happen, in consequence oftheir having allowed the teller of lies to work so much mischiefagainst them.
"my husband then being called upon for his defence, first declaredto the judges the attributes of the deity he worshipped: that hecreated the vast heavens, the stars, the mountains, the rivers, andthe sea; his voice spoke in the thunder, and his eye flashed in thelightning.
he then dwelt on his goodness to man, especially to thesandwich islanders, whom he had created for the purpose of enjoyingthe fine country around them and of beholding the beauty of theheavens where he dwelt.
then he referred to the gods they hadworshipped, and asked how they were made, and what such senselessthings could do for them; commenting on their inability to servethem, in any way, or do them any harm; and went on to speak of thebenefits he had been able to confer upon them, through the influenceof the all powerful god he worshipped; and asked them if he had everdone them anything but good.
lastly, he promised them innumerablebenefits, if they would leave their useless gods, and turn to theonly god who had the power to serve them.
"it is impossible for me to do justice to the animated manner inwhich he delivered this discourse.
it produced great effect upon themajority of his hearers; but there was a powerful minority it stillmore strongly influenced against him; and they continued to interrupthim with terrible outcries.
"most of the leading chiefs were against his suffering any harm.
they bore in mind the advantages he had conferred, by his skill inmedicine, and superior wisdom in various other things, which thepeople would lose were he put to death.
they also remembered the hopehe held out of future benefits, which of course they could notexpect, if they offered him any violence.
"the result was, that my husband was suffered to go harmless fromthe meeting, to the great disappointment of his enemies, who couldscarcely be kept from laying violent hands upon him.
the danger hehad escaped, unfortunately, did not render him more prudent.
he believed that he was a chosen instrument of the most high, towin these savages from the depths of idolatry and paganism; andcontinued, on every occasion that presented itself, to endeavour towin souls to god.
"the school increased, several of the parents suffered themselves tobe baptised, and there was a regular observance of the lord's dayamongst those who belonged to our little flock.
even many of theislanders, although they did not become christians, attended ourreligious services, and spoke well of us.
"we brought up the young people to be able to teach their brethrenand sisters; and hoped to be able to establish missions in otherparts of the island, to which we sometimes made excursions; preachingthe inestimable blessings of the gospel to the islanders, andexhorting them to abandon their dark customs and heathen follies.
iwas not far behind my husband in this good work, and acquired as muchinfluence among the women as he exercised over the men: indeed wewere generally looked upon as holy people, who deserved to be treatedwith veneration and respect."
"things went on in this flourishing way for several years; myhusband, deeply impressed with the responsibility of his position, asa chosen servant of god, devoted himself so entirely to the greatwork he had undertaken, that he often seemed to overlook the claimsupon his attention of her he had chosen as his partner, in hisstruggle against the powers of darkness.
sometimes i did not see himfor several days; and often when we were together, he was soabstracted, he did not seem aware i was present.
whenever i could gethim to speak of himself, he would dilate on the unspeakable felicitythat he felt in drawing nearer to the end of his work.
i affected notto know to what he alluded; but i always felt that he was referringto the impression he entertained of his own speedy dissolution, whichhe had taken up when he first embraced this mission.
"i tried to get rid of my misgivings by recalling the dangers anddifficulties we had triumphantly passed, and referring to theencouraging state of things that existed at the present time;nevertheless, i could not prevent a sinking of the heart, whenever iheard him venture upon the subject; and when he was absent from me, ioften experienced an agony of anxiety till his return.
i saw,however, no real cause of apprehension, and endeavoured to persuademyself none existed; and very probably i should have succeeded, hadnot my husband so frequently indulged in references to our separation.
"alas," she exclaimed, mournfully, "he was better informed than iwas of the proximity of that celestial home, for which he had been solong and zealously preparing himself.
he, doubtless, had hisintimation from on high, that his translation to the realms of bliss,was no remote consequence of his undertaking the mission he hadaccepted; and he had familiarised his mind to it as a daily duty, andby his constant references had sought to prepare me for thecatastrophe he knew to be inevitable."
here mrs reichardt became so sensibly affected, that it was sometime before she could proceed with her narrative.
she, however, didso at last, yet i could see by the tears that traced each other downher wan cheeks, how much her soul was moved by the terrible detailsinto which she was obliged to enter.
"in the midst of our success," she presently resumed, "when we hadestablished a congregation, had baptised hundreds of men, women, andchildren, had completed a regular place of worship, and an extensiveschool-house, both of which were fully and regularly attended, someeuropean vessel paid us a short visit, soon after which, thatdreadful scourge the small-pox, broke out amongst the people.
bothchildren and adults were seized, and as soon as one died a dozen wereattacked.
"soon the greatest alarm pervaded the natives; my husband wasimplored to stop the pestilence, which power they felt convinced hehad in his hands.
he did all that was possible for him to do, butthat unfortunately was very little.
his recommendation of remedialmeasures was rarely attended with the desired results.
death was verybusy.
the people died in scores, and the survivors, excited by thevindictive men who had formerly sought his death for disparagingtheir gods, began not only to fall off rapidly in their regard andreverence for my husband, but murmurs first, and execrationsafterwards, and violent menaces subsequently, attended him wheneverhe appeared.
"he preached to them resignation to the divine will; but resignationwas not a savage virtue.
he was indefatigable in his attentions tothe sick; but those of whom he was most careful seemed the speediestto die.
the popular feeling against him increased every hour; heappeared, however, to defy his fate--walking unconcernedly amongstcrowds of infuriated savages brandishing heavy clubs, and threateninghim with the points of their sharp spears; but his eye never blinked,and his cheek never blanched, and he walked on his way inwardlypraising god, careless of the evil passions that raged around him.
"it was on a sabbath morn--our service had far advanced; we couldboast of but a limited congregation, for many had died, some had fledfrom the pestilence into the interior; others had avoided the placein consequence of the threats of their countrymen.
a few children,and two or three women, were all their teacher had to address.
"we were engaged in singing a psalm, when a furious crowd, mad withrage, as it seemed, screaming and yelling in the most frightfulmanner, and brandishing their weapons as though about to attack anenemy, burst into our little chapel, and seized my husband in themidst of his devotions.
"i rushed forward to protect him from the numerous weapons that wereaimed at his life, but was dragged back by the hair of my head; andwith infuriate cries and gestures, that made them look like demonsbroke loose from hell, they fell upon him with their clubs and spears.
"reichardt made no resistance, he merely clasped his hands the morefirmly, and looked up to heaven the more devoutly, as he continuedthe psalm he had commenced before they entered.
this did not delayhis fate.
"they beat out his brains so close to me, that i was covered withhis blood, and i believe i should have shared the same fate, had inot fainted with terror at the horrible scene of which i was a forcedspectator.
"i learned afterwards that some powerful chief interfered, and i wascarried away more dead than alive, in which state i long remained.
assoon as i became sufficiently strong to be moved, i took advantage ofa whaler calling at the island, homeward bound, to beg a passage.
thecaptain heard my lamentable story, took me on board as soon as hecould, and shewed a seaman's sympathy for my sufferings.
"i was to have returned to england with him, but off this place weencountered a terrible storm, in which we were obliged to take to theboats, as the only chance of saving our lives.
what became of him iknow not, as the two boats parted company soon after leaving thewreck.
i trust he managed to reach the land in safety, and is now inhis own country, enjoying all the comforts that can make lifecovetable.
"what became of that part of the crew that brought me here in theother boat, led by the fires you had lighted, i am in doubt.
but ithink on quitting the island, crowded as their boat was, and in thestate of its crew, it was scarcely possible for them to have made thedistant island for which they steered."
mrs reichardt's story made a sensible impression on me.
i no longerwondered at the pallor of her countenance, or the air of melancholythat at first seemed so remarkable; she had suffered most severely,and her sufferings were too recent not to have left their effectsupon her frame.
i thought a good deal about her narrative, and wondered much thatmen could be got to leave their comfortable homes, and travelthousands and thousands of miles across the fathomless seas, with thehope of converting a nation of treacherous savages, by whom they weresure to be slaughtered at the first outbreak of ill-feeling.
i could not but admire the character of reichardt--in all hisactions he had exhibited a marked nobility of nature.
he would notpresent himself before the woman who had the strongest claims uponhis gratitude, till he had obtained a position and a reputation thatshould, in his opinion, make him worthy of her; and though he had apresentiment of the fate that would overtake him, he fulfilled hisduties as a missionary with a holy enthusiasm that made him regardhis approaching martyrdom as the greatest of all earthlydistinctions.
i felt regret that i had not known such a man.
i knewhow much i had lost in having missed such an example.
my having heard this story led me into much private communing withmyself respecting religion.
i could consider myself little betterthan a savage, like the brutal sandwich islanders; my conduct tojackson had been only in a degree less inhuman than that theseidolaters had shewn to their teacher when he was in their power.
ifancied at the time that i served him right, for his villainousconduct to my father, and brutal conduct to me: but god havingpunished him for his misdeeds, i felt satisfied i had no business toput him to greater torment as satisfaction for my own privateinjuries.
i fancied god might have been angry with me, and had keptme on the island as a punishment for my offences; and i had someconversation with mrs reichardt on this point.
"nothing," she observed, "can excuse your ill-feeling towardsjackson; he was a bad man, without a doubt, and he deserved condignpunishment for his usage of your parents; but the divine founder ofour religion has urged us to return good for evil."
"yes," i answered readily, "but i should have suffered as bad as myfather and mother, had i not prevented his doing me mischief."
"you do not know that you were to suffer," she replied.
"jackson,without such terrible punishment as he brought upon himself, mighteventually have become contrite, and have restored you to yourfriends as well as enabled you to obtain your grandfather's property.
god frequently performs marvellous things with such humbleinstruments, for he hath said, 'there is more joy in heaven over onesinner that repenteth, than over ninety-nine just men.'"
"surely, this is raising the wicked man over the good," i cried.
"not at all," she replied.
"the repentant is one gained from theranks of the great enemy--it is as one that was lost and is foundagain--it is a soul added to the blessed.
therefore the joy in heavenis abundant at such a conversion.
the just are the natural heirs ofheaven--their rights are acknowledged without dispute--their claim isat once recognised and allowed, and they receive their portion ofeternal joy as a matter of course, without there being any necessityfor exciting those demonstrations of satisfaction which hail theadvent of a sinner saved."
"i don't think such a villain as jackson would ever go to heaven," iobserved.
"'judge not, lest ye be judged,'" she answered; "that is a text thatcannot be too often impressed upon persons anxious to condemn toeternal torment all those they believe to be worse than themselves.
it is great presumption in us poor creatures of clay, to anticipatethe proceedings of the infinite wisdom.
let us leave the highprerogative of judgment to the almighty power, by whom only it isexercised, and in our opinions of even the worst of our fellow-creatures,let us exercise a comprehensive charity, mingled with a prayer thateven at the eleventh hour, they may have turned from the evil oftheir ways, and embraced the prospect of salvation, which the mercyof their creator has held out to them."
in this and similar conversations, mrs reichardt would endeavour toplant in my mind the soundest views of religion; and she spoke sowell, and so convincingly, that i had little trouble in understandingher meaning, or in retaining it after it had been uttered.
it was not, as i have before stated, to religion only that she ledmy thoughts, although that certainly was the most frequent subject ofour conversation.
she sought to instruct me in the various branchesof knowledge into which she had acquired some insight, and in thisway i picked up as much information respecting grammar, geography,astronomy, writing, arithmetic, history, and morals, as i should havegained had i been at a school, instead of being forced to remain on adesolate island.
i need not say that i still desired to leave it.
i had long beentired of the place, notwithstanding that from our united exertions,we enjoyed many comforts which we could not have hoped for.
our hutwe had metamorphosed into something mrs reichardt styled a rusticcottage, which, covered as it was with flowers and creepers, reallylooked very pretty; and the garden added greatly to its pleasantappearance: for near the house we had transplanted everything thatbore a flower that could be found in the island, and had planted someshrubs, that, having been carefully nurtured made rapid growth, andscreened the hut from the wind.
i had built a sort of out-house for storing potatoes and firewood,and a fowl-house for the gannets, which were now a numerous flock;and had planted a fence round the garden, so that as mrs reichardtsaid, we looked as if we had selected a dwelling in our own belovedengland, in the heart of a rural district, instead of our beingcircumscribed in a little island thousands of miles across the wideseas, from the home of which we were so fond of talking.
although my companion always spoke warmly of the land of her birth,and evidently would have been glad to return to it, she never grievedover her hard fate in being, as it were, a prisoner on a rock, out ofreach of friends and kindred; indeed, she used to chide me for beingimpatient of my detention, and insensible of the blessings i enjoyed.
"what temptations are we not free from here?"
she would say.
"we seenothing of the world; we cannot be contaminated with its vices, orsuffer from its follies.
the hideous wars--the terrible revolutions--the dreadful visitations of famine and pestilence--are completelyunknown to us.
robbery, and murder, and fraud, and the thousand otherphases of human wickedness, we altogether escape.
there was a time,when men, for the purpose of leading holy lives, abandoned the faircities in which they had lived in the enjoyment of every luxury, andsought a cave in some distant desert, where, in the lair of some wildbeast, with a stone for a pillow, a handful of herbs for a meal, anda cup of water for beveridge, they lived out the remnant of theirdays in a constant succession of mortifications, prayers, andpenitence.
"how different," she added, "is our own state.
we are as far removedfrom the sinfulness of the world as any hermit of the desert, whilstwe have the enjoyment of comforts to which they were strangers."
"but probably," i observed, "these men were penitents, and went intothe desert as much to punish their bodies for the transgressions ofthe flesh, as to acquire by solitary communion, a better knowledge ofthe spirit than they were likely to obtain in their old haunts."
"some were penitents, no doubt," she answered, "but they, havingobtained by their sanctity an extraordinary reputation, inducedothers, whose lives had been blameless, to follow their example, andin time the desert became colonised with recluses, who rivalled eachother in the intensity of their devotions and the extent of theirprivations."
"would it not have been more commendable," i asked, "if these menhad remained in the community to which they belonged, withstandingtemptation, and been employed in labour that was creditable tothemselves and useful to their country?"
"no doubt it would," she replied; "but religion has, unfortunately,too often been the result of impulse rather than conviction; and atthe period to which we are referring, it was thought that sinfulhuman nature could only gain the attributes of saintship byneglecting its social duties, and punishing its humanity in theseverest manner.
even in more recent times, and at the present day,in catholic countries, it is customary for individuals of both sexes,to abandon the world of which they might render themselves ornaments,and shut themselves up in buildings constructed expressly to receivethem, where they continue to go through a course of devotions andprivations till death puts an end to their voluntary imprisonment.
"in this modified instance of seclusion," she added, "there arefeatures very different from our own case.
we are not forced toimpoverish our blood with insufficient diet, or mortify our fleshwith various forms of punishment.
we do not neglect the worship ofgod.
we offer up daily thanks for his loving care of us, and sing hispraises in continual hymns: and instead of wasting the hours of theday in unmeaning penances, we fill up our time in employments thatadd to our health, comfort, and happiness: and that enable us thebetter to appreciate the goodness of that power who is so mindful ofour welfare."
"have you no wish then, to leave this island?"
"i should gladly avail myself of the first opportunity thatpresented itself for getting safely to england," she replied.
"but iwould wait patiently the proper time.
it is not only useless repiningat our prolonged stay here, but it looks like an ungrateful doubtingof the power of god to remove us.
be assured that he has notpreserved us so long, and through so many dangers, to abandon us whenwe most require his interposition in our favour."
i endeavoured to gather consolation from such representations: butperhaps young people are not so easily reconciled to what they do notlike, as are their elders, for i cannot say i succeeded in becomingsatisfied with my position.
the perils of my first voyage had deterred me from making a similarexperiment; but i recovered my boat, and having further strengthenedit, fitted it with what could either be turned into a well or locker:i used to row out a little distance when the sea was free from sharksand fish.
but my grand effort in this direction was the completion of a net,which, assisted by mrs reichardt, i managed to manufacture.
by thistime she had gained sufficient confidence to accompany me in myfishing excursions; she would even take the oars whilst i threw outthe net, and assisted me in dragging it into the boat.
the first time we got such a haul, that i was afraid of the safetyof our little craft.
the locker was full, and numbers of great fish,as i flung them out of the net, were flapping and leaping about thebottom of the boat.
it began to sink lower in the water than wasagreeable to either of us, and i found it absolutely necessary tothrow back into the sea the greater portion of our catch.
we thenrowed carefully to land, rejoicing that we had at our command, themeans of obtaining an abundant supply of food whenever we desired it.
mrs reichardt was with me also in our land excursions.
together wehad explored every part of the island; our chief object was plantsfor enriching our garden, and often as we had been in search ofnovelties, we invariably brought home additions to our collection;and my companion having acquired some knowledge of botany, wouldexplain to me the names, characters, and qualities of the differentspecies, which made our journeys peculiarly interesting.
our appearance often caused considerable amusement to each other;for our respective costumes must have been extremely curious in theeyes of a stranger.
neither wore shoes or stockings--these things wedid not possess, and could not procure; we wore leggings and sandalsof seal skin to protect us from the thorns and plants of the cactitribe, among which we were obliged to force our way.
my companionwore a conical cap of seal skin, and protected her complexion fromthe sun, by a rude attempt at an umbrella i had made for her.
she had on, on these occasions, a pair of coarse cloth trousers, asher own dress would have been torn to pieces before she had got halfa mile through the bush; these were surmounted by a tight spencer shehad herself manufactured out of a man's waistcoat, and a dimitypetticoat, which buttoned up to her throat, and was fastened in thesame way at the wrists.
my head was covered with a broad-brimmed hat, made of dry grass,which i had myself platted.
i wore a sailor's jacket, much the worsefor wear, patched with seal skin, over a pair of duck trousers,similarly repaired.
although our expeditions were perfectly harmless, we did not gowithout weapons.
at the instigation of my companion, i had mademyself a good stout bow and plenty of arrows, and had exercisedmyself so frequently at aiming at a mark, as to have acquired veryconsiderable skill in the use of them.
i had now several arrows ofhard wood tipped with sharp fish-bones, and some with iron nails, ina kind of pouch behind me; in its sheath before me was my americanknife, which i used for taking the plants from the ground.
i had abasket made of the long grass of the island, slung around me, whichserved to contain our treasures; and i carried my bow in my hand.
my companion, in addition to her umbrella, bore only a long staff,and a small basket tied round her waist that usually contained alittle refreshment; for she would say there was no knowing what mightoccur to delay our return, and therefore it was better to take ourmeal with us.
and not the least agreeable portion of the day's labourwas our repast; for we would seat ourselves in some quiet corner,surrounded by flowers, and shaded by the brushwood from the sun, andthere eat our dried fish or pick our birds, and roast our potatoes bymeans of a fire of dried sticks, and wash down our simple dinner witha flask of pure water--the most refreshing portion of our banquet.
i had, as i have just stated, attained a singular degree of skill inthe use of the bow and arrow, which, as we had no fire-arms, wasoften of important service in procuring food on land.
i had made another use of my skill--an application of it whichafforded me a vast deal of satisfaction.
my old enemies the sharksused still to frequent a certain portion of the coast in greatnumbers, and as soon as i became master of my weapon, i would standas near to the edge of the rock as was safe, and singling out myvictim, aim at his upper fin, which i often found had the effect ofridding the place of that fellow.
i bore such an intense hatred to these creatures, for the frightthey had put me into during my memorable voyage of discovery, and forthe slaughter of my beloved nero, that i determined to wage incessantwar against them, as long as i could manufacture an arrow, or asingle shark remained on the coast.
as we had so often traversed the island without accident, we dreamtnot of danger.
we had never met with any kind of animals, except ourold friends the seals, who kept near the sea.
of birds, the gannetswere generally the sole frequenters of the island; but we had seen,at rare intervals, birds of a totally different character, some ofwhich i had shot.
indeed, during our excursions, i was always on the look out for anystranger of the feathered race, that i might exercise my skill uponhim.
if he proved eatable, he was sure to be very welcome; and evenif he could not be cooked, he afforded me some entertainment, inhearing from mrs reichardt his name and habits.
we had discovered a natural hollow which lay so low that it wasquite hid till we came close to it, when we had to descend a steepdeclivity covered with shrubs.
at the bottom was a soil evidentlyvery productive, for we found trees growing there to a considerableheight, that were in marked contrast to the shrubby plants that grewin other parts of the island.
we called this spot the happy valley,and it became a favourite resting-place.
i remember on one of these occasions, we had made our dinner afterhaving been several hours employed in seeking for plants, of which wehad procured a good supply, and the remains of our meal lay under agreat tree, beneath the spreading branches of which we had beenresting ourselves.
it was quite on the other side of the island, within about a quarterof a mile from the sea.
abundance of curious plants grew about theplace, and mrs reichardt had wandered to a little distance to examineall within view.
i was peering into the trees and shrubs around to discover a newcomer.
i had wandered in an opposite direction to that taken by mycompanion, and was creeping round a clump of shrubs about twentyyards off, in which i detected a chirping noise, when i heard a loudscream.
i turned sharply round and beheld mrs reichardt, evidently in anagony of terror, running towards me with prodigious swiftness.
shehad dropped her umbrella and her staff, her cap had fallen from herhead, and her long hair, disarranged by her sudden flight, streamedbehind her shoulders.
at first i did not see anything which could have caused thisterrible alarm, but in a few seconds i heard a crushing among athicket of shrubs from which she was running, as if some heavy weightwas being forced through them; and presently there issued a mostextraordinary monster.
it came forward at a quick pace, its headerect above ten feet, its jaws wide open, from the midst of whichthere issued a forked tongue which darted in and out withinconceivable rapidity.
its body was very long, and thick as anordinary tree; it was covered over with bright shining scales thatseemed to have different colours, and was propelled along the groundin folds of various sizes, with a length of tail of several yardsbehind.
its eyes were very bright and fierce.
its appearancecertainly accounted for my companion's alarm.
she cried in accents of intense terror, as she rushed towardsme, "fly, or you are lost!"
she then gave a hurried glance behind her, and seeing the formidablemonster in full chase, she just had power to reach the spot to whichi had advanced, and sunk overpowered with terror, fainting at my feet.
my first movement was to step across her body for the purpose ofdisputing the passage of the monster, and in an erect posture, withmy bow drawn tight as i could pull it, i waited a few seconds till icould secure a good aim, for i knew everything depended on mysteadiness and resolution.
on came my prodigious antagonist, making a terrible hissing as heapproached, his eyes flashing, his jaws expanded as if he intended toswallow me at a mouthful, and the enormous folds of his huge bodypassing like wheels over the ground, crushing the thick plants thatcame in their way like grass.
i must acknowledge that in my heart i felt a strange sinkingsensation, but i remembered that our only chance of escape lay ingiving the monster a mortal wound, and the imminence of the dangerseemed to afford me the resolution i required.
he was close behind, and in a direct line with the tree under whichwe had dined, and i was about twenty yards from it.
directly his headdarted round and in front of the tree, making a good mark, i let flythe arrow direct, as i thought, for his eye, hoping, by penetratinghis brain, to settle him at once.
but as he moved his head at thatmoment, the arrow went into his open jaws, one of which itpenetrated, and going deep into the tree behind, pinned his headclose to the bark.
as soon as the huge creature found himself hurt, he wound hisenormous body round the trunk, and with his desperate exertionsswayed the great tree backwards and forwards, as i would have doneone of its smallest branches.
fearful that he would liberate himselfbefore i could save my senseless companion, as quick as possible idischarged all my arrows into his body, which took effect in variousplaces.
his exertions then became so terrible that i hastily snatchedup mrs reichardt in my arms, and with a fright that seemed to give mesupernatural strength, i ran as fast as i could the shortest way toour hut.
fortunately, before i had gone half a mile, my companioncame to her senses, and was able to continue her flight.
we got home at last, half dead with fatigue and fright; neverthelessthe first thing we did was to barricade all the entrances.
we leftloop-holes to reconnoitre; and there we sat for hours after ourarrival, waiting the monster's approach in fear and trembling.
we did not go to sleep that night.
we did not, either of us, go outthe next day.
the next night one watched while the other slept.
thesecond day my courage had so far returned, i wanted to go and lookafter the constant subject of our conversation.
but mrs reichardtdissuaded me.
she told me it was an enormous python, or serpent of the boaspecies, that are common on the northern coast of america.
probablyit had been brought to the island on a drifted tree, and being soprodigious a reptile, the wounds it had received were not likely todo it much harm, and it would be no doubt lurking about, ready topounce upon either of us directly we appeared.
on the third day, nothing having occurred to increase our alarm, idetermined to know the worst; so i got by stealth out of the house,and armed with a fresh bow, a good supply of arrows, a hatchet slungat my side, and my american knife--with my mind made up for anotherconflict if necessary--i crept stealthily along, with my eyes awaketo the slightest motion, and my ears open to the slightest sound,till i approached the scene of my late unequal struggle.
i must own i began to draw my breath rather rapidly, and my heartbeat more quickly, as i came near the place where i had left myterrible enemy.
to my extreme surprise the python had disappeared.
there was a tree still standing, though its foliage and branchesstrewed the ground, and a great portion of its bark was ground topowder.
at the base of the trunk was a pool of blood mingled withfragments of bark, broken arrows, leaves, and mould.
the reptile hadescaped.
but where was he?
not altogether without anxiety i began tolook for traces of his retreat; and they were easily found.
with myarrow ready for immediate flight, i followed a stream of blood thatwas still visible on the grass, and led from the tree, accompanied byunmistakable marks of the great serpent's progress, in a direct lineto the sea.
there it disappeared.
when i discovered this, i breathed again.
there was no doubt if themonster survived the conflict, he was hundreds of miles away, and wasnot likely to return to a place where he had received so rough awelcome.
it may readily be believed i lost no time in taking theagreeable news to my companion.
i had become tired of looking out for a ship.
though day after day,and week after week, i made the most careful scrutiny with my glass,as i have said, it brought no result.
i sometimes fancied i saw avessel appearing in the line of the horizon, and i would pile upfaggots and light them, and throw on water to make them smoke, asjackson had done; but all without avail.
either my vision haddeceived me, or my signals had not been observed, or the ship'scourse did not lie in the direction of the island.
we had had storms too on several occasions, but no wreck had beenleft on our coast.
i began to think we were doomed to live out ourlives on this rock, and frequently found myself striving verymanfully to be resigned to my fate, and for a few days i wouldcheerfully endeavour to make the best of it.
but the increasingdesire i felt to get to england, that i might seek out mygrandfather, and put him in possession of his diamonds, alwaysprevented this state of things enduring very long.
i had obtainedfrom mrs reichardt an idea of the value of these stones, and of theimportance of their restoration to my relative, and i had oftenthought of the satisfaction i should enjoy in presenting myselfbefore him, as the restorer of such valuable property, which, nodoubt, had long since been given up as lost.
but latterly, i thought less of these things; the chance of leavingthe island seemed so remote, and the prospect of ever seeing mygrandfather so very distant, that i had ceased to take any interestin the contents of the belt.
the diamonds seemed to become asvalueless as they were useless; a handful of wheat would have beenmuch more desirable.
it was now some time since i had seen the belt,or inquired about it.
thus we lived without any incident occurring worth relating--whenone day the appearance of the atmosphere indicated a storm, and avery violent hurricane, attended with peals of thunder and luridflashes of lightning, lasted during the whole of the day and evening.
the wind tore up the trees by the roots, blew down our outhouses,made terrible havoc in our garden, and threatened to tumble our hutover our heads.
we could not think of going to our beds whilst such a tempest wasraging around us, so we sat up, listening to the creaking of theboards, and anticipating every moment that the whole fabric would beblown to pieces.
fortunately, the bark with which i had covered theroof, in a great measure protected us from the rain, which came downin torrents; but every part was not equally impervious, and ourdiscomfort was increased by seeing the water drip through, and formpools on the floor.
the thunder still continued at intervals, and was sometimes so loudas to have a most startling effect upon us.
my companion knelt downand said her prayers with great fervour, and i joined in them withscarcely less devotion.
indeed it was an awful night, and ourposition, though under shelter, was not without danger.
the incessantflashes of lightning seemed to play round our edifice, as ifdetermined to set it in a blaze; and the dreadful peals of thunderthat followed, rolled over our heads, as if about to burst upon thecreaking boards that shut us from its fury.
i fancied once or twice that i heard during the storm bursts ofsound quite different in character from the peals of thunder.
theywere not so loud, and did not reverberate so much; they seemed tocome nearer, and then the difference in sound became very perceptible.
exclaimed mrs reichardt, starting up from her kneelingposture, "that is a gun from some ship."
the wind seemed less boisterous for a few seconds, and the thunderceased.
we listened breathlessly for the loud boom we had just heard,but it was not repeated.
in a moment afterwards our ears werestartled by the most terrifying combination of screams, shrieks,cries, and wailings i had ever heard.
my blood seemed chilled in myveins.
"a ship has just struck," whispered my companion, scarcely above herbreath.
"the lord have mercy on the crew!"
she sank on her knees again in prayer, as if for the poor souls whowere struggling in the jaws of death.
the wind still howled, and thethunder still roared, but in the fiercest war of the elements, ifancied i could every now and then hear the piercing shrieks sent upto heaven for assistance.
i thought once or twice of venturing out,but i remembered the safety of my companion was so completely boundup with my own, that i could not reconcile myself to leaving her; andi was also well aware, that till the terrible fury of the tempestabated, it was impossible for me to be of the slightest service tothe people of the wrecked ship, even could i remain unharmed exposedto the violence of the weather.
i however awaited with much impatience and intense anxiety till thestorm had in some measure spent itself; but this did not occur tillsunrise the next morning.
the wind fell, the thunder and lightningceased, the rain was evidently diminishing, and the brightness of thecoming day began to burst through the darkest night that had evervisited the island.
mrs reichardt would not be left behind; it was possible she might beuseful, and taking with her a small basket of such things as sheimagined might be required, she accompanied me to the rocks nearestthe sea.
on arriving there, the most extraordinary scene presented itself.
the sea was strewed with spars, masts, chests, boats stove in orotherwise injured, casks, empty hen-coops, and innumerable pieces offloating wreck that were continually dashed against the rocks, orwere washed ashore, wherever an opening for the sea presented itself.
at a little distance lay the remains of a fine ship, her masts goneby the board, her decks open, in fact a complete wreck, over whichthe sea had but lately been making a clean sweep, carrying overboardeverything that could not resist its fury.
i could see nothing resembling a human being, though both myself andmy companion looked carefully round in the hope of discovering somepoor creature, that might need assistance.
it appeared, however, asif the people of the ship had taken to their boats, which had beenswamped, and most probably all who had ventured into them had beendevoured by the sharks.
had the crew remained on board, they would in all probability havebeen saved; as the vessel had been thrown almost high and dry.
as soon as we had satisfied ourselves that no sharks were in theneighbourhood, i launched my little boat, and each taking an oar, wepulled in the direction of the wreck, which we reached in a fewminutes.
she had heeled over after striking, and the water was quite smoothunder her lee.
i contrived to climb into the main chains, and fromthence on board, and was soon afterwards diligently exploring theship.
i penetrated every place into which i could effect an entrance,marvelling much at the variety of things i beheld.
there seemed suchan abundance of everything, and of things too quite new to me, that iwas bewildered by their novelty and variety.
having discovered a coil of new rope, i hauled it on deck, and soonmade fast my little boat to the ship.
then i made a hasty rope ladderwhich i threw over, and mrs reichardt was in a very few minutesstanding by my side.
her knowledge was necessary to inform me of theuses of the several strange things i saw, and to select for our ownuse what was most desirable.
she being well acquainted with theinterior of a ship, and having explained to me its numerousconveniences, i could not but admire the ingenuity of man, increating such stupendous machines.
the ship having much water in the hold, i was forced to dive intothe armoury.
it was the first time i had seen such things, and ihandled the muskets and pistols with a vast deal of curiosity; as mycompanion explained to me how they were loaded and fired, i at oncesaw their advantage over the bow and arrow, and was selecting two orthree to carry away, when i hesitated on being assured they would beperfectly useless without ammunition.
i might have remained contentwith my own savage weapons that had already served me so well, hadnot mrs reichardt, in the course of our survey, discovered severaltin canisters of powder perfectly uninjured, with abundance of shotand bullets, of which i quickly took possession.
from other parts of the vessel we selected bags of grain, barrels offlour, and provisions of various kinds; wearing apparel, boxes oftools, with numerous bottles and jars, with the contents of which iwas perfectly unacquainted, though their discovery gave greatgratification to my companion.
what most excited my wonder, werevarious kinds of agricultural implements that we found in the hold,and in a short time i was made aware of the proper employment ofspades, harrows, ploughs, thrashing-machines, and many other things,of the existence of which i had never before dreamt.
we found also quantities of various kinds of seeds and roots, andsome sort of twigs growing in pots, which mrs reichardt particularlybegged me not to leave behind, as they would be of the greatest useto us; and she added that, from various signs, she believed that theship had been an emigrant vessel going out with settlers, but to whatplace she could not say.
we made no ceremony in breaking open lockers and chests, and everywhere discovered a variety of things, which, could we transfer to ourisland, would add greatly to our comfort; but how they were to be gotashore, was a puzzle which neither of us seemed capable of solving.
our little boat would only contain a few of the lighter articles; andas many of these as we could conveniently put together were shortlystowed in her.
with this cargo we were about returning, when my companion called myattention to a noise that seemed to come from a distant corner of thevessel, and she laughed and exhibited so much satisfaction that ibelieved we were close upon some discovery far more important thanany we had yet hit upon.
we continued to make our way to what seemed to me a very out of theway part of the vessel, led in a great measure by the noises thatproceeded from thence.
it was so dark here, that we were obliged toget a light, and my companion having procured a ship's lantern, andlighted it by means of a tinderbox, led me to a place where i coulddiscern several animals, most of which were evidently dead.
shehowever ascertained that there were two young calves, three or foursheep, and as many young pigs, still giving very noisy evidence oftheir existence.
she searched about and found some food for them,which they ate with great avidity.
the larger animals she told mewere cows and horses; but they had fallen down, and gave no signs oflife.
my companion and myself then entered into a long debate as to how wewere to remove the living animals from the dead; and she dwelt veryeloquently upon the great advantages that would accrue to us, if wecould succeed in transporting to the island the survivors.
after giving them a good feed, seeing we could not remove them atpresent, we descended safely to our boat and gained the shore withoutany accident.
then having housed our treasures, we were for puttingtogether a raft of the various planks and barrels that were knockingagainst the rocks, but as i knew this would take a good deal of time,i thought i would inspect the ship's boats, which, bottom upwards,were drifting about within a few yards of us.
to our great satisfaction, one i ascertained to be but littleinjured, and having forced her ashore, with our united exertions weturned her over.
in an hour we had made her water-tight, had pickedup her oars, and were pulling merrily for the wreck.
had the cows or horses been alive, they must have been left behind,for we could not have removed them, but the smaller animals were withcomparatively little difficulty got on deck, and they descended withme into the boat.
we added a few things that lay handy, and in a fewminutes were laughingly driving our four-footed treasures on shore,to the extreme astonishment of the gannets, which seemed as thoughthey would never cease to flap their wings, as their new associateswere driven by them.
in the same way we removed the most portable of the agriculturalimplements, bed and bedding, cots, and hammocks, furniture, theframework of a house, preserved provisions of all kinds, a medicinechest, boxes of books, crates of china and glass, all sorts of usefultools, and domestic utensils; in short, in the course of the next twoor three weeks, by repeated journeys, we filled every available placewe could find with what we had managed to rescue.
then came another terrible storm that lasted two days, after whichthe wreck having been broken up, was scattered in every direction.
ihowever managed to secure the drift wood, tubs, spars, and chests,which were all got on shore, and proved of the greatest service to mesome time afterwards.
numerous as our acquisitions had been in this way, both of us hadbeen infinitely better pleased had we been able to rescue some of theill-fated crew, to whom they had once belonged.
but not one of themcould have escaped, and only one body was cast on shore, which wasthat of a young woman, who lay with her face to the ground, and herwet clothes clinging round her.
we turned her carefully over, and ibeheld a face that seemed to me wonderfully fair and beautiful.
shehad escaped the sharks, and had been dead several hours--mostprobably she had been cast on shore by the waves soon after the shipstruck, for she had escaped also the rocks, which, had she beendashed against, would have left fearful signs of their contact on herdelicate frame.
the sight of her corpse gave me many melancholy thoughts.
i thoughtof the delight she might have caused both of us, had she been saved.
what a pleasant companion she might have proved!
indeed, as i lookedon her pale cold features, i fancied that she might have reconciledme to ending my existence on the island--ay, even to the abandonmentof my favourite scheme of seeking my grandfather to give him back hisdiamonds.
we took her up with as much pity and affection as if she were ournearest and dearest relative, and carried her home and placed her onmrs reichardt's bed; and then i laid some planks together, in theshape of what mrs reichardt called a coffin--and i dug her a deepgrave in the guano.
and all the while i found myself crying as i had never cried before, andmy heart seemed weary and faint.
in solemn silence we carried her to hergrave, and read over her the funeral service out of the prayer-book,kneeling and praying for this nameless creature, whom we had neverseen alive, as though she had been our companion for many years; bothof us shedding tears for her hapless fate as if we had lost a belovedsister.
and when we had filled up her grave and departed, we went home,and passed the most miserable day we had ever had to endure since wehad first been cast upon the island.
i had now numerous occupations that kept me actively employed.
stilli could not for a long time help recalling to mind that pale facethat looked so piteously upon me when i first beheld it; and then iwould leave off my work, and give myself up to my melancholy thoughtstill my attention was called off by some appeal from my companion.
imade a kind of monument over the place where she was buried, andplanted there the finest flowers we had; and i never passed the spotwithout a prayer, as if i were approaching holy ground.
i must not forget to add, that a few days after the wreck we wereagreeably surprised by visitors that, though unexpected, wereextremely welcome.
i had noticed strange birds wandering about invarious parts of the island.
on their coming under the notice of mycompanion, they were immediately recognised as fowls and ducks thathad no doubt escaped from the ship.
we might now, therefore, constitute ourselves a little colony, ofwhich mrs reichardt and myself were the immediate governors, thesettlers being a mingled community of calves, sheep, pigs, andpoultry, that lived on excellent terms with each other; thequadrupeds having permission to roam where they pleased, and thebipeds being kept within a certain distance of the government house.
the old hut had suffered so much from the storm that i determinedon building another in a better position, and had recourse to theframework of the house i had taken from the wreck.
i had somedifficulty in putting the several parts together, but at lastsucceeded, and a small, but most commodious dwelling was the result.
near it i laid out a new garden, wherein i planted all the orange-treeswe had reared, as well as many of the seeds and roots we had broughtfrom the wreck.
a little beyond i enclosed a paddock, wherein iplanted the twigs we had found in pots, which proved to be fruittrees.
when i had done this, i thought of my agricultural implements, andvery much desired to make use of a handy plough that was amongstthem, when i learned the advantages that might arise from it.
atfirst, i yoked myself to the plough, and mrs reichardt held it: thisproved such hard and awkward work that i kept projecting all sorts ofplans for lessening the labour--the best was that of yoking ourcalves, and making them pull instead of myself.
this was more easilythought of than done.
the animals did not prove very apt pupils, butin course of time, with a good deal of patience, and somemanoeuvring, i succeeded in making them perform the work they wereexpected to do.
thus, in building, gardening, planting, and farming, the time flewby quickly, and in the course of the next year the aspect of theplace had become quite changed.
the guano that enriched the soil madeevery kind of vegetation thrive with an almost marvellous rapidityand luxuriance.
we had a comfortable house, up which a vine wascreeping in one place, and a young pear-tree in another.
we weresupplied with the choicest oranges, and had apples of several kinds.
we had abundance of furniture, and an inexhaustible stock ofprovisions.
we had a most gorgeous show of flowers of many differentspecies; our new kitchen garden was full of useful vegetables--youngfruit trees were yielding their produce wherever they had beenplanted--the poultry had more than doubled their number--the calveswere taking upon themselves the full dignity of the state of cow andbull--the ewes had numerous lambs--and the pigs had not only growninto excellent pork, but had already produced more than one litterthat would be found equally desirable when provisions ran scarce.
wehad two growing crops, of different kinds of grain, and a largepasture-field fenced round.
the little savage, at seventeen, had been transformed into a farmer,and the cultivation of the farm and the care of the live stock soonleft him no time for indulging in vain longings to leave the island,or useless regrets for the fair creature who, even in death, i hadregarded as its greatest ornament.
two years later, still greater improvements, and still greateradditions became visible.
we were establishing a dairy farm on asmall scale, and as our herds and flocks, as well as the pigs andpoultry, increased rapidly, we promised in a few years to be the mostthriving farmers that had ever lived in that part of the world by thecultivation of the land.
although my first experimental voyage had proved so hazardous, nowthat i was better provided for meeting its perils, i became anxiousto make another attempt to circumnavigate the island.
the boat thathad belonged to the wrecked ship, from the frequent trips i had madein her to and from the shore, i could manage as well as if i had beenrowing boats all my life.
with the assistance of mrs reichardt, who pulled an oar almost aswell as myself, we could get her along in very good style, even whenheavily laden, and our labours together had taken from her all thattimidity which had deterred her from trusting herself with me, when ifirst ventured from the island.
i was, however, very differently circumstanced now, to what i wasthen.
instead of a frail cockle-shell, that threatened to be capsizedby every billow that approached it, and that would scarcely hold twopersons comfortably, i was master of a well-built ship's-boat, thatwould hold half a dozen with ease, and except in very rough weather,was as safe as any place ashore.
i had repaired the slight damage its timbers had received, and hadmade an awning to protect us when rowing from the heat of the sun; ihad also raised a sail, which would relieve us of a good deal oflabour.
when everything was prepared, i urged mrs reichardt toaccompany me in a voyage round the island; an excursion i hoped wouldturn out equally pleasant and profitable.
i found her very averse to trusting herself farther from shore thanwas absolutely necessary.
she raised all kinds of objections--prominent among which were my want of seamanship for managing a boatin the open sea; the danger that might arise from a sudden squallcoming on; her fear of our getting amongst a shoal of sharks, and therisk we ran of driving against a projecting rock; but i overruledthem all.
i showed her, by taking little trips out to sea, that i could managethe boat either with the sail or the oars, and assured her that bykeeping close to the island, we could run ashore before danger couldreach us; and that nothing could be easier than our keeping out ofthe reach of both rocks and sharks.
i do not think i quite convinced her that her fears were groundless,but my repeated entreaties, the fineness of the weather, and herdislike to be again left on the island, whilst i was risking my lifeat sea, prevailed, and she promised to join me in this secondexperiment.
her forethought, however, was here as fully demonstrated as on otheroccasions, for she did not suffer the boat to leave the shore tillshe had provided for any accident that might prevent our return inthe anticipated time.
a finer day for such a voyage we could not have selected.
the skywas without a cloud, and there was just wind enough for the purpose iwanted, without any apprehensions of this being increased.
i got upthe awning, and spread the sail, and handing mrs reichardt to herappointed seat, we bid farewell to our four-footed and two-footedfriends ashore, that were gazing at us as if they knew they wereparting from their only protectors.
i then pushed the boat off, thewind caught the sail, and she glided rapidly through the deep water.
i let her proceed in this way about a quarter of a mile from theisland, and then tacked; the boat, obedient to the position of thesail, altered her course, and we proceeded at about the same rate fora considerable distance.
mrs reichardt, notwithstanding her previous fears, could not helpfeeling the exhilarating effect of this adventurous voyage.
we werefloating, safely and gracefully, upon the billows, with nothing butsea and sky in every direction but one, where the rugged shores ofour island home gave a bold, yet menacing feature to the view.
my heart seemed to expand with the majestic prospect before me.
never had mariner, when discovering some prodigious continent, felt agreater degree of exultation than i experienced, when directing mylittle vessel over the immense wilderness of waters that spread outbefore me, till it joined the line of the horizon.
i sat down by the side of mrs reichardt, and allowed the boat toproceed on its course, either as if it required no directing hand, orthat its present direction was so agreeable, i felt no inclination toalter it.
"i can easily imagine," said i, "the enthusiasm of such men ascolumbus, whose discovery of america you were relating to me theother day.
the vocation of these early navigators was a glorious one,and, when they had tracked their way over so many thousand miles ofpathless water, and found themselves in strange seas, expecting theappearance of land, hitherto unknown to the civilised world, theymust have felt the importance of their mission as discoverers."
"no doubt, frank," she replied.
"and probably it was this thatsupported the great man you have just named, in the severe trials hewas obliged to endure, on the very eve of the discovery that was torender his name famous to all generations.
he had endured intolerablehardships, the ship had been so long without sight of land, that noone thought it worth while to look out for it, and he expected thathis crew would mutiny, and insist on returning.
at this criticalperiod of his existence, first one indication of land, and thenanother made itself manifest; the curiosity of the disheartenedsailors became excited; hope revived in the breast of their immortalcaptain; a man was now induced to ascend the main-top, and his joyfulcry of land woke up the slumbering spirit of the crew.
in this way, anew world was first presented to the attention of the inhabitants ofthe old."
"it appears to me very unjust," i observed, "that so important adiscovery should have become known to us, not by the name of itsoriginal discoverer, but by that of a subsequent visitor to itsshores."
"undoubtedly," said mrs reichardt, "it is apparently unfair thatamericus vespucius should obtain an honour which christopher columbusalone had deserved.
but of the fame which is the natural right of himwhose courage and enterprise procured this unrivalled acquisition, noone can deprive him.
his gigantic discovery may always be known asamerica, but the world acknowledges its obligation to columbus, andknows little beyond the name of his rival."
"were the immediate results of so large an addition to geographicalknowledge, as beneficial to the entire human race as they ought tohave been?"
"i do not think they were.
the vast continent then thrown open tothe advance of civilisation, may be divided into two portions, thesouth and the north.
the former was inhabited by a harmlesseffeminate race, who enjoyed many of the refinements of civilisation;their knowledge of the arts, for instance, as shewn to us in theruins of their cities, was considerable; they possessed extensivebuildings in a bold and ornate style of architecture; they made alavish use of the precious metals, of which the land was extremelyrich, and they wore dresses which shewed a certain perfection in themanufacture of textile fabrics, and no slight degree of taste and artin their formation.
"the spaniards, who were led to this part of the continent by adesire to enrich themselves with the gold which the earliestdiscoverers had found in the new country in considerable quantities,invaded the territories of this peaceful people, and, by theirsuperior knowledge of warlike weapons, and the ignorance of theintentions of their invaders that prevailed amongst the natives ofall ranks, by a series of massacres, they were enabled, thoughcomparatively but a small force, to obtain possession of the vastempire that had been established there from time immemorial, and turnit into a spanish colony.
"the blood of this harmless race flowed like water; their greatincas or emperors were deposed and murdered, their splendid templesplundered of their riches, their nobles and priests tortured to makethem change their faith, and the great mass of the people becameslaves to their more warlike conquerors.
it was in this way the goldof mexico and peru enriched the treasury of spain; but every ingothad the curse of blood upon it, and from that time the spanish power,then at its height, began to decline in europe, till it sunk in thescale of nations among the least important.
the colonies revoltedfrom the mother country, and became independent states; but the cursethat followed the infamous appropriation of the country, seems tocling to the descendants of the first criminals, and neithergovernment nor people prospers; and it is evident that all theseindependent states must in time be absorbed by a great republic, thathas sprung up by peaceable means, as it were at their side, whilstthey were content to be colonies."
"to what republic do you allude?"
"you may remember that i told you that the entire continent wasdivided into south and north."
"the history of the southern portion i have rapidly sketched foryou, that of the northern you will find of a totally differentcharacter."
"pray let me hear it."
"when north america was first discovered, it was found to beinhabited by a race of savages, divided into several tribes.
they hadno manufactures; they had no knowledge of art or science; they livedin the impenetrable woods in huts, having no pretension toarchitecture; they went almost entirely naked, were extremelywarlike, and fond of hunting, and were known to devour the enemiesthey killed in battle.
"to this barbarous race came a few adventurous men across the stormyatlantic, from the distant island of england--""ah, england!"
i exclaimed, "that is the country of my parents--thatis the home of my grandfather; let me hear anything you have to sayabout england."
mrs reichardt smiled at my animation, but proceeded without makingany comment upon what i had said.
"england possessed at this period many adventurous spirits, who wereready to dare every danger to obtain for their country a share in thehonours which other lands had assumed through the enterprise of theirnavigators.
by such men different portions of the northern continentof america were discovered; the fame of these new lands, theirwonderful productiveness and admirable climate, soon spread amongsttheir countrymen, and from time to time various ships left theenglish ports with small bands of adventurers, who made what weretermed settlements in the country of these savages--not bymercilessly massacring them as the spaniards had done in the south,and then plundering them of all they possessed, but by purchasingcertain districts or pieces of land from the original occupants,which they peacefully cultivated; as their numbers increased, theymultiplied their habitations, and obtained by barter of the savagesfresh accessions of territory."
"the english showed themselves a much more humane people than thespaniards," i observed.
"but did they never come into collision withthe wild natives of the country?"
"frequently," mrs reichardt replied, "but in some measure this wasunavoidable.
as new settlers from england landed in the country, theyrequired more land; but the savages were now not inclined to barter;they had become jealous of the strangers, and were desirous ofdriving them back to their ships before they became too numerous.
acts of hostility were committed by the savages upon the settlers,which were often marked by great brutality: this exasperated thelatter, who joined in a warlike association, and notwithstandingtheir numbers and daring, drove them further and further from theirneighbourhood, till either by conquest, treaties, or purchase, theenglishmen or their descendants obtained the greater portion of northamerica."
"do they still hold possession of it?"
"up to a recent date, the whole of this vast acquisition was acolony in obedience to the government of england; but a disputehaving arisen between the mother country and the colony, a struggletook place, which ended in the latter throwing off all subjection tothe laws of england.
the extensive provinces joined together in aunion of equal privileges and powers, which has since gone by thename of the government of the united states of north america.
this isthe great republic to which i just now alluded, that is graduallyabsorbing the minor southern states into its--union, and threatens atno very distant date to spread the english language and the englishrace over the whole continent of america."
"has england then completely lost the country she colonised?"
iinquired, feeling more and more interested in the subject.
"no, a great portion still remains in her possession," she replied.
"the people preserved their allegiance when their neighbours thoughtproper to rise in revolt, and are now in a state of great prosperity,governed by the laws of england, and supported by her power.
theenglish possessions in north america form an extensive district.
itis, however, but an inconsiderable fraction of the vast countriesstill remaining under the dominion of england.
her territories lie inevery quarter of the globe; indeed the sun never sets upon thisimmense empire--an empire with which the conquests of alexander, andof caesar, or the most formidable state that existed in ancienttimes, cannot for a moment be compared; and when we bear in mind thatin all these various climates, and in all these far-distant shores,the flag of our country affords the same protection to the colonistas he would enjoy in his own land, we may entertain some idea of thevast power that government possesses which can make itself respectedat so many opposite points from the source whence it emanates."
i was so much interested in this description, that i had neglectedto notice the rate at which the boat was driving through the water.
inow rose with great alacrity to shift the sail, as we had got severalmiles from the island, and if i did not take care we might be blownout of sight of land.
i lost no time in putting her on another tack,but we had not proceeded far in this direction when i found the windlull, and presently the sail drooped to the mast, and there was adead calm.
it became necessary now to take to our oars, and we were presentlypulling with all our strength in the direction of land.
this went onfor some time till we were both tired, and i was surprised at thelittle progress we had made.
we lay on our oars and took somerefreshment, and then pulled with additional vigour; but i began tosuspect that we were receding from the land instead of approachingit, and called mrs reichardt's attention to the fact of the islanddiminishing in size notwithstanding the length of time we had beenpulling towards it.
"ah, frank," she said, in a melancholy tone of voice, "i have forsome time entertained suspicions that all our strength was beingexpended in vain.
it is very clear that we have got into a currentthat is every moment taking us farther out to sea, and if a breezedoes not soon spring up, we shall lose sight of the island, and then,heaven only knows what will become of us."
i shook out the sail, in hopes of its catching sufficient wind tolead us out of the current, but not a breath of air was stirring.
wedid not possess such a thing as a compass; our provisions were onlycalculated for a pleasure trip--we had only one small jar of water,and a flask of spirit, a few biscuits, two large cakes, a chicken,and some dried fish.
the land was rapidly receding; i could only markits position with respect to the sun that now was pouring its burningrays upon our little bark.
if it had not been for the awning we couldnot have endured it; the heat was so oppressive.
we had been obligedto give over rowing, as much from the fatigue it occasioned, as fromthe hopelessness of our labour.
we now sat with sinking hearts watching the fast retreating land.
ithad become a point--it diminished to a speck, and as it disappearedfrom our anxious sight, the sun set in all his glory, and we weredrifting at the mercy of the current we knew not where, with nothingbut sky and sea all around us.
vainly i stretched my eyes around the illimitable field of ocean, inhope of discerning some indication of that power whose ships i hadbeen told traversed every sea; but nothing like a vessel was in sight--the mighty waters stretched out like an endless desert on everyside.
there was no sign of man in all this vast space, except ourlittle boat; and in comparison with this space, how insignificantwere the two helpless human beings who sat silent and motionless inthat boat awaiting their destiny.
the stars came out with marvellous brilliancy.
i fancied that i hadnever seen them appear so bright; but probably the gloominess of mythoughts made them look brighter by contrast.
i seemed the centre ofa glorious system of worlds revolving above me with a calm andtranquil beauty, that appeared to reproach me for giving way todespair in a scene so lovely.
the great mass of water, scarcely moved by a ripple, now appearedlit up with countless fires, and a purplish haze, like a low flame,was visible in every direction.
i directed the attention of mycompanion to this strange appearance.
notwithstanding the intensityof her anxiety, she immediately entered into an explanation of thephenomenon, and attributed it to a peculiarly phosphoric state of thesea, caused by myriads of creatures which possess the quality of theglow-worm, and rising to the surface of the water, made the latterseem as though enveloped in flame.
i sat a long time watching the singular appearances that presentedthemselves whenever i dashed down the oar.
it looked as though i wasbeating fire instead of water, and flame seemed to come from the oarwith the drops that fell from it into the sea.
in this way hours passed by: we were still floating with thecurrent; the moon and stars were now coldly shining over our heads;the ocean around us was still gleaming with phosphoric fires, whenmrs reichardt advised me to take some nourishment, and then endeavourto go to sleep, saying she would keep watch and apprise me ifanything happened of which it might be advantageous to avail ourselves.
the only thing i desired was the appearance of a vessel, or thesetting in of a breeze, of which at present not a sign existed.
ifelt disinclined either to eat or to drink: but i proposed that mycompanion should make a meal and then go to sleep, as it was muchmore proper that i should keep watch than herself.
the fact was, wewere both anxious that the other should be the first to diminish ourlittle stock of food; but as neither would be induced to do this, itwas decided that our provisions should be divided into certainportions, which were only to be taken at sunrise and sunset, and thatwe should during the night relieve each other every three hours inkeeping watch, that if we saw land, or a ship, or the wind shouldspring up, we might consult immediately as to our course.
i only succeeded in inducing her to lie down at the bottom of theboat, to obtain a little sleep, previously to her taking my placethat i might so rest myself.
she first said her usual prayers for theevening, in which i joined, and in a few minutes i was glad to hearby her regular breathing, that she was obtaining that repose of whichi was certain she stood greatly in need.
i was now the sole observer of the stupendous spectacle that spreadout around and above me the most sublime feature in this imposingscene appeared to be the silence which reigned supreme over all.
theheavens were as mute as the sea.
it looked as if the earth had beenengulfed by a second deluge, and all living nature had perishedutterly from the face of it.
i felt a deep feeling of melancholy stealing over me: and could notforbear reproaching myself for embarking in this hazardousenterprise, and risking a life that i was bound to preserve.
whatcould become of us both i knew not--but i was sensible that if wewere not speedily picked up, or made some friendly shore, thereexisted but little hopes of our surviving many days.
i made up my mind that the island we should never see again, andthough i had been so anxious for so many years to quit it, now thatfate had separated us for ever, i could not console myself for theloss of a home endeared to me by so many recollections.
but my greatgrief was the loss of my grandfather's diamonds.
he had now no chanceof having them restored to him.
if they were found they would becomethe property of the discoverer; and he would never know how hisdaughter perished on a rock, and how his grandson was swallowed up bythe waters of the great deep.
and then i thought of that glorious england i had so long hoped tosee, and my heart sunk within me as i gazed out upon the boundlessprospect.
there was not a voice to murmur consolation, not a hand tooffer me assistance.
was i never to see those white cliffs which hadbeen so often described to me, that i could call them to mind asclearly as if they stood in all their pride and beauty before my eyes?
how often had i dreamed of approaching the hallowed shores ofengland--how often had i heard the cheerful voices of her peoplewelcoming the little savage to his natural home--how often had i beenembraced by my aged grandfather, and received into the happy circleof his friends, with the respect and affection due to his heir.
i haddreamed happy dreams, and seen blissful visions; and the result wasstarvation in an open boat on the illimitable ocean.
mrs reichardt still slept, and i would not wake her.
as long as shewas insensible to the dangers of her position she must exist incomparative happiness; to disturb her was to bring her back to asense of danger and misery, and the recollection that my folly hadbrought her to this hopeless state.
i noticed that a small cloud was making its appearance in thehorizon, and almost at the same instant i observed it, i felt abreeze that was just sufficient to flap the sail against the mast.
ina few minutes the cloud had greatly increased, and the wind filledthe sail.
i fancied it blew in a direction contrary to the current;and in the belief that it did so i soon got the boat round, and to mygreat joy she was presently scudding before the wind at a rate thatwas sensibly increasing.
but the cloud presently began to envelop the heavens, and a thickdarkness spread itself like a veil in every direction.
the wind blewvery fresh, and strained the mast to which the sail had been fixed;and now i began to entertain a new fear: some sudden gust might takethe sail and capsize us, or tear it from its fastenings.
i wouldgladly have taken in the sail, but i considered it as rather ahazardous experiment.
mrs reichardt lay in a position that preventedmy getting at it without disturbing her, or running the risk oftipping the boat over, when it would be sure to fill immediately, andsink with us both.
though we could both swim, i felt assured that ifwe were once in the water, there would remain very little chance ofour protracting our lives beyond a few hours.
the boat, therefore, continued to run before the wind at a rapidrate, the slight mast creaking, and the sail stretching so tight, iexpected every minute that we should be upset.
at this moment mrsreichardt awoke, and her quick eye immediately took in the fullextent of her danger.
"we shall be lost," she said hurriedly, "if we do not take in thatsail!"
i was fully aware of this, but she had seen more of a sailor'sperils than i had, and knew better how to meet them.
she offered toassist me in taking in the sail, and directing me to be very careful,we proceeded, with the assistance of the awning, to the mast, andafter a good deal of labour, and at some risk of being blown into thesea, we succeeded in furling the sail, and unshipping the mast.
we were now in quite as much danger from another cause--the surfaceof the sea, which had been so smooth during the calm, was now soviolently agitated by the wind, that the boat kept ascending onegreat billow only to descend into the trough of another.
we oftenwent down almost perpendicularly, and the height seemed every momentincreasing; and every time we went thus plunging headlong into theboiling waters, i thought we should be engulfed never to rise;nevertheless, the next minute, up we ascended on the crest of somemore fearful wave than any we had hitherto encountered, and downagain we plunged in the dark unfathomable abyss that, walled in byfoaming mountains of water, appeared yawning to close over us for ever.
it was almost entirely dark; we could see only the white foam of thewave over which we were about to pass; save this, it was black belowand black above, and impenetrable darkness all around.
mrs reichardt sat close to me with her hand in mine--she uttered noexclamations of feminine terror--she was more awe-struck thanfrightened.
i believe that she was fully satisfied her last hour hadcome, for i could hear her murmuring a prayer in which she commendedher soul to her creator.
i cannot say that i was in any great degree alarmed--the rapid upand down motion of the boat gave me a sensation of pleasure i hadnever before experienced.
to say the truth, i should have greatlyenjoyed being thus at the mercy of the winds and waves, in the midstof a black and stormy night on the trackless ocean, had it not beenfor my constant thoughts of my companion, and my bitter self-reproachesfor having led her into so terrible a danger.
i was now, however, called from these reflections, by the necessityof active employment.
the boat i found shipped water at every plunge,and if speedy means were not taken to keep the water under, there waslittle doubt that she would soon fill and go down.
i therefore seizedthe iron kettle we had brought with us to cook our dinner, and beganrapidly bailing out the water, which was already over our ankles.
wecontinued to ship water, sometimes more and sometimes less; and mrsreichardt, actuated no doubt by the same motives as myself, with atin pan now assisted me in getting rid of the treacherous element.
by our united exertions we kept the water under, and hoped to beable to get rid of the whole of it.
about this time it began to rainvery heavily, and although the awning protected our heads, so muchfell into the boat, that notwithstanding our labours we continued tosit in a pool.
we were, however, glad to find that as the rain fell the windabated, and as the latter subsided, the sea became less violent, andwe shipped less water.
i was now able by my own exertions to keep theboat tolerably dry, and mrs reichardt, ever provident, spread out allthe empty vessels she had brought with her to catch the rain, for asshe said, we did not know how valuable that water might become in ashort time.
the rain continued to pour down in a perfect torrent for severalhours; at the end of which the sky gradually cleared.
the sea, thoughstill rough, presented none of those mountainous waves that a shorttime before had threatened to annihilate us at every descent, andthere was just sufficient breeze to waft us along at a brisk ratewith the assistance of our sail.
mrs reichardt helped me in putting up the mast, and directly webegan to feel the breeze, she insisted on my taking some refreshment.
it was vitally necessary to both, for our labours had been heavy forseveral hours.
we therefore ate sparingly of our provisions, andwashed down our meal with a pannikin of water mingled with a littlespirit.
the morning dawned upon a boundless expanse of sea.
the first objectthat presented itself to my sight was an enormous whale spoutingwater about a quarter of a mile distant from me; then i observedanother, then a third, and subsequently, several more; they presenteda singular and picturesque appearance, as one or other of these vastanimals was continually throwing up a column of water that caught therays of the sun, and looked very beautiful in the distance.
i looked in vain for land; i looked equally in vain for a ship;there was nothing visible but this shoal of whales, and mrs reichardtendeavoured to cheer me by describing the importance of the whalefishery to england, and the perils which the men meet with who pursuethe fish for the purpose of wounding them with an iron instrumentcalled a harpoon.
i felt much interest in these details; and my companion went intothe whole history of a whaling expedition, describing the firstdiscovery of the huge fish from the ship; the pursuit in the boats,and the harpooning of the whale; its struggles after having beenwounded; its being towed to the ship's side; the subsequentmanufacture of oil from the blubber of the animal, and thepreparation of whalebone.
in attending to this discourse, i completely forgot that i was beingtossed about in the open sea, i knew not where; and where i might bein a short time it would be proved i was equally ignorant: perhaps ishould be a corpse floating on the surface of the ocean waiting for atomb till a shark came that way; perhaps i should be suffering thetorments of hunger and thirst; perhaps cast lifeless upon a rock,where my bleached bones would remain the only monument which wouldthen declare that there once existed in these latitudes such a beingas the little savage.
where now could be the island i, though long so anxious to quit, nowwas a thousand times more desirous of beholding?
i felt that nothingcould be more agreeable to me than a glimpse of that wild rocky coastthat had so often appeared to me the walls of an intolerable prison.
i strained my eyes in vain in every direction; the line of thehorizon stretched out uninterrupted by a single break of any kind allaround.
where could we be?
i often asked myself; but except that wewere on the wide ocean, neither myself nor my companion had theslightest idea of our geographical position.
we must have been blowna considerable distance during the storm: much farther than thecurrent had taken us from the island.
i calculated that we must have passed it by many a mile if we hadcontinued the same course; but the wind had shifted several times,and it might be that we were not so very long a sail from it, couldwe gain the slightest knowledge of the direction in which it was tobe found.
but this was hopeless.
i felt assured that we must abandonall idea of seeing it again.
in the midst of these painful reflections, my companion directed myattention to an object at a very considerable distance, and intimatedher impression that it was a ship.
luckily, i had brought my glasswith me, and soon was anxiously directing it to the required point.
it was a ship: but at so great a distance that it was impossible, asmrs reichardt said, for any person on board to distinguish our boat.
i would have sailed in that direction, but the wind was contrary: ihad, therefore, no alternative but to wait till the ship shouldapproach near enough to make us out; and i passed several hours ofthe deepest anxiety in watching the course of the distant vessel.
she increased in size, so that i could observe that she was a largeship by the unassisted eye; but as we were running before the wind ina totally different direction, there seemed very little chance of ourcommunicating, unless she altered her course.
mrs reichardt mentioned that signals were made by vessels at adistance to attract each other's attention, and described the variousways in which they communicated the wishes of their respectivecaptains.
the only signal i had been in the habit of making wasburning quantities of wood on the shore and pouring water on it tomake it smoke--this was impossible in our boat.
my companion at last suggested that i should tie a table-cloth tothe mast; its peculiar whiteness might attract attention.
the sailwas presently taken in, and the table-cloth spread in its place; but,unfortunately, it soon afterwards came on a dead calm--the breezedied away, and the cloth hung in long folds against the mast.
no notice whatever was taken of us.
we now took to our oars andpulled in the direction of the ship; but after several hours' hardrowing, our strength had so suffered from our previous fatigues, thatwe seemed to have made very little distance.
in a short time the sun set, and we watched the object of all ourhopes with most anxious eyes, till night set in and hid her from oursight.
shortly afterwards a light breeze again sprung up; withrenewed hope we gave our sail to the wind, but it bore us in acontrary direction, and when morning dawned we saw no more of the ship.
the wind had now again shifted, and bore us briskly along.
i had fallen asleep during the preceding night, wearied outwith labour and anxiety, and i did not wake till long after daybreak.
mrs reichardt would not disturb me.
in sleep i was insensible to themiseries and dangers of my position.
she could not bring herself todisturb a repose that was at once so necessary to mind and body; andi fell into a sweet dream of a new home in that dear england i hadprayed so often to see; and bright faces smiled upon me, and voiceswelcomed me, full of tenderness and affection.
i fancied that in one of those faces i recognised my mother, ofwhose love i had so early been deprived, and that it was paler thanall the others, but infinitely more tender and affectionate: then thecountenance seemed to grow paler and paler, till it took upon itselfthe likeness of the fair creature i had buried in the guano, and ithought she embraced me, and her arms were cold as stone, and shepressed her lips to mine, and they gave a chill to my blood that mademe shake as with an ague.
suddenly i beheld jackson with his sightless orbs groping towards mewith a knife in his hand, muttering imprecations, and he caught holdof me, and we had a desperate struggle, and he plunged a long knifeinto my chest, with a loud laugh of derision and malice; and as ifelt the blade enter my flesh, i gave a start and jumped up, andalarmed mrs reichardt by the wild cry with which i awoke.
how strongly was that dream impressed upon my mind; and the featuresof the different persons who figured in it--how distinctly they werebrought before me!
my poor mother was as fresh in my recollection asthough i had seen her but yesterday, and the sweetness of her looksas she approached me--how i now tried to recall them, and feasted ontheir memory as though it were a lost blessing.
then the nameless corpse that had been washed from the wreck, howstrange it seemed, that after this lapse of time she should appear tome in a dream, as though we had been long attached to each other, andher affections had been through life entirely my own.
perhaps even now some devoted lover mourns her loss; or hopes at nodistant date to be able to join her in the new colony, to attainwhich a cruel destiny had forced her from his arms.
little does hedream of her nameless grave under the guano.
little does he dreamthat the only colony in which he is likely to join her is thatsettlement in the great desert of oblivion, over which death hasremained governor from the birth of the world.
but the most unpleasant part of the vision was the appearance ofjackson; and it was a long time before i could bring myself tobelieve that i had not beheld his well known features--that i had notbeen stabbed by him, and that i was not suffering from the mortalwound he had inflicted.
i however at last shook off the delusion, andto mrs reichardt's anxious inquiries replied only that i had had adisagreeable dream.
in a short time i began to doubt whether the waking was morepleasant than the dreaming--the vast ocean still spread itself beforeme like a mighty winding sheet, the fair sky, beautiful as itappeared in the rays of the morning sun, i could only regard as apall--and our little bark was the coffin in which two helpless humanbeings, though still existing, were waiting interment.
"has god abandoned us?"
i asked my companion, "or has he forgottenthat two of his creatures are in the deepest peril of their lives,from which he alone can save them?"
frank henniker," exclaimed mrs reichardt solemnly; "this isimpious.
god never abandons those who are worthy of his protection.
he will either save them at his own appointed time--or if he think itmore desirable, will snatch them from a scene where so many dangerssurround them, and place them where there prevails eternaltranquillity, and everlasting bliss.
"we should rather rejoice," she added, with increasing seriousness,"that we are thought worthy of being so early taken from a world inwhich we have met with so many troubles."
"but to die in this way," i observed gloomily; "to be left to lingerout days of terrible torture, without a hope of relief--i cannotreconcile myself to it."
"we must die sooner or later," she said, "and there are manydiseases which are fatal after protracted suffering of the mostagonising description.
these we have been spared.
the wretch wholingers in torment, visited by some loathsome disorder, would envyus, could he see the comparatively easy manner in which we aresuffered to leave existence.
"but i do not myself see the hopelessness of our case," she added.
"it is not yet impossible that we may be picked up by a ship, ordiscover some friendly shore whence we might obtain a passage forengland."
"i see no prospect of this," said i; "we are apparently out of thetrack of ships, and if it should be our chance to discover one, thepeople on board are not likely to observe us.
i wish i had never leftthe island."
mrs reichardt never reproached me--never so much as reminded me thatit was my own fault.
she merely added, "it was the will of god."
we ate and drank our small rations--my companion always blessing themeal, and offering a thanksgiving for being permitted to enjoy it.
inoticed what was left.
we had been extremely economical, yet therewas barely enough for another day.
we determined still further toreduce the trifling portion we allowed ourselves, that we mightincrease our chance of escape.
five days and nights had we been drifting at the mercy of the windsand waves; all our small stock of food had been devoured--though wehad hoarded every crumb, as the miser hoards his gold.
even the rainwater, as well as the water we had brought with us, we had drained tothe last drop.
the weather continually alternated from a dead calm to a lightbreeze: the wind frequently shifted, but i had no strength left toattend to the sail--the boat was abandoned to its own guidance, orrather to that of the wind.
when becalmed we lay still--when thebreeze sprang up we pursued our course till the sail no longer feltits influence.
five long days and nights--days of intolerable suffering, nights ofinexpressible horror.
from sunrise to sunset i strained my eyes alongthe line of the horizon, but nothing but sky and wave ever met mygaze.
when it became dark, excited by the deep anxiety i had enduredthroughout the day, i could not sleep.
i fancied i beheld through thedarkness monstrous forms mocking and gibbering, and high above themall was reared the head of the enormous python i had combated in thehappy valley.
and he opened his tremendous jaws, as though to swallowme, and displayed fold upon fold of his immense form as if to involveand crush the boat in its mighty involutions.
i was always glad when the day dawned, or if the night happened tobe fair and starlight; for the spectres vanished when the sun shone,and the tranquil beauty of the stars calmed my soul.
i was famishing for want of food--but i suffered most from want ofwater, for the heat during the day was tremendous, and i became sofrantic from thirst, that nothing but the exhortations of mrsreichardt would have prevented me from dashing myself into the sea,and drinking my fill of the salt water that looked so tempting andrefreshing.
my companion sought to encourage me to hope, long after all hope hadvanished--then she preached resignation to the divine will, and inher own nature gave a practical commentary on her text.
i perceived that her voice was getting more and more faint--and thatshe was becoming hourly more feeble.
she was not able to move fromher seat, and at last asked me to assist her to lie down at thebottom of the boat.
then i noticed that she prayed fervently, and icould often distinguish my name in these petitions to the throne ofgrace.
i felt a strange sensation in my head, and my tongue became in mymouth as a dry stick--from this i was relieved by chewing the sleeveof my shirt; but my head grew worse.
my eyes too were affected in astrange manner.
i continually fancied that i saw ships sailing aboutat a little distance from me, and i strove to attract their attentionby calling to them.
my voice was weak and i could create only a kindof half stifled cry.
then i thought i beheld land: fair forests andgreen pastures spread before me--bright flowers and refreshing fruitsgrew all around--and i called to my companion to make haste for wewere running ashore and should presently be pulling the clusteringgrapes and should lay ourselves down among the odorous flowers.
mrs reichardt opened her eyes and gazed at me with a more painfulinterest.
she knew i was haunted by the chimeras created by famineand thirst; but she seemed to have lost all power of speech.
shemotioned me to join her in prayer; i, however, was too much occupiedwith the prospect of landing, and paid no attention to her signs.
presently the bright landscape faded away, and i beheld nothing butthe wide expanse of water, the circle of which appeared to expand andspread into the sky, and the sky seemed lost and broken up in thewater, and for a few minutes they were mixed together in the wildestand strangest confusion.
subsequently to this i must have droptasleep, for after a while i found myself huddled up in a corner ofthe boat, and must have fallen there from my seat.
i stared about mefor some time, unconscious where i was.
the bright sun still shoneover my head; the everlasting sea still rolled beneath my feet.
i looked to the bottom of the boat, and met the upturned gaze of myfellow voyager--the pale face had grown paler, and the expression ofthe painful eye had become less intelligent.
i thought she was as ihad seen her in my dream, when she changed from her own likeness tothat of the poor drowned girl we buried in the guano.
i turned away my gaze--the sight was too painful to look upon.
ifelt assured that she was dying, and that in a very short space oftime, that faithful and affectionate nature i must part from forever.
i thought i would make a last effort.
though faint and trembling,burning with fever, and feeling deadly sick, i managed by the supportof the awning to crawl to the mast, and embracing it with one arm iraised the glass with the other hand, and looked carefully about.
myhand was very unsteady and my eyes seemed dim.
i could discernnothing but water.
i should have sunk in despair to the bottom of the boat, had i notbeen attracted at the moment by a singular appearance in the sky.
acloud was approaching of a shape and appearance i had never observedbefore.
i raised the glass again, and after observing this cloud forsome time with great attention, i felt assured that what i consideredto be long lines of vapour was an immense flock of birds.
this discovery interested me--i forgot the intensity of mysufferings in observing the motions of this apparently endless flock.
as the first file approached, i looked again, to see if i could makeout what they were.
god of heaven!
they were gannets.
i crawled back to my companion as rapidly as my feeble limbs wouldallow, to inform her of the discovery i had made.
i found thati was unheeded.
i could not believe that her fine spirit had fled;no, she moved her hand; but the dull spiritless gaze seemed to warnme that her dissolution was fast approaching.
i looked for the spiritflask, and found a few drops were still left there; i poured theseinto her mouth, and watched the result with the deepest anxiety i hadever known since the day of my birth.
in a few minutes i found that she breathed more regularly anddistinctly--presently her eyes lost that fixedness which had madethem so painful to look upon.
then she recognised me, and took holdof my hand, regarding me with the sweet smile with which i was sofamiliar.
as soon as i found that consciousness had returned, i told her ofthe great flock of gannets that were evidently wending their way totheir customary resting place, and the hope i entertained that ifthey could be kept in sight, and the wind remained in the samequarter, the boat might be led by them to the place where they laidtheir eggs.
she listened to me with attention, and evidently understood what isaid.
her lips moved, and i thought she was returning thanks to god--accepting the flight of the birds as a manifest proof that he wasstill watching over us.
in a few minutes she seemed so much betterthat she could sit up.
i noticed her for some time watching thegannets that now approached in one vast cloud that threatened to shutus out from the sky--she then turned her gaze in an oppositedirection, and with a smile of exultation that lit up her wan face aswith a glory, stretched her arm out, pointing her hand to a distantportion of the sea.
my gaze quickly followed hers, and i fancied idiscovered a break in the line of the horizon; but it did not looklike a ship.
i pointed the glass in that direction, and felt thejoyful assurance that we were within sight of land.
this additional discovery gave me increased strength: or rather hopenow dawning upon us, gave me an impulse i had not felt before.
i inmy turn became the consoler.
i encouraged mrs reichardt, with all thearguments of which i was master, to think that we should soon be insafety.
she smiled, and something like animation again appeared inher pale features.
if i could save her, i felt i should be blessed beyond measure.
suchan object was worth striving for; and i did strive.
i know not how itwas that i gained strength to do what i did on that day; but i feltthat i was supported from on high, and as the speck of land that shehad first discovered gradually enlarged itself as we approached it,my exertions to secure a speedy rescue for my companion from the jawsof death, continued to increase.
the breeze remained fair and we scudded along at a spanking rate,the gannets keeping us company all the way--evidently bound to thesame shore.
i kept talking to mrs reichardt, and endeavouring toraise her spirits with the most cheering description of what weshould do when we got ashore, for god would be sure to direct us tosome place where we might without difficulty recover our strength.
hitherto she had not spoken, but as soon as we began to distinguishthe features of the shore we were approaching she unclosed her lips,and again the same triumphant smile played around them.
"frank henniker, do you know that rock?"
"no!--yes!--can it be possible?
o what a gracious providence hasbeen watching over us!"
it was a rock of a remarkable shape that stood a short distance fromthe fishing-pool.
it could not be otherwise, the gannets had led usto their old haunts.
we were approaching our island.
i looked at mycompanion--she was praying.
i immediately joined with her in thanks-giving for the signal mercy that had been vouchsafed to us, and inlittle more than an hour had the priceless satisfaction of carryingher from the shore to the cottage, and then we carefully nursedourselves till we recovered the effects of this dreadful cruise.
my numerous pursuits, as i stated in a preceding chapter obliging meto constant occupation, kept me from useless repining about mydestiny, in being obliged to live so many years on this far-distantcorner of the earth, i had long ceased to look for passing ships--iscarcely ever thought about them, and had given up all speculationsabout my grandfather's reception of me.
i rarely went out to sea,except to fish, and never cared to trouble myself about anythingbeyond the limited space which had become my inheritance.
the reader, then, may judge of my surprise when, one sultry day, ihad been busily engaged for several hours cutting down a field ofwheat, mrs reichardt came running to me with the astounding news thatthere was a ship off the island, and a boat full of people had justleft her, and were rowing towards the rocks.
i hastily took the glassshe had brought with her, and as soon as i could get to a convenientposition, threw myself on the ground on the rock, and reconnoitredthrough the glass the appearance of the new comers.
i soon noticed that a part were well armed, which was not the casewith the rest, for they were pinioned in such a manner that theycould scarcely move hand or foot.
we concealed ourselves by lying ourlengths on the grass.
as the boat approached, i could discern thatthe unarmed party belonged to a superior class of men, while many ofthe others had countenances that did not prepossess me at all intheir favour.
we lay hid in the long grass, from which we could command a view ofour approaching visitors.
"i think i understand this," whispered mrs reichardt.
"there ismischief here."
"had i not better run home and get arms?"
"no," she replied, "you had better not.
if we are able to do anygood, we must do it by stratagem.
let us watch their movements, andact with great caution."
my companion's advice was, i saw, the wisest that could be pursued;and therefore we remained in our hiding places, narrowly observingour visitors as they approached.
they entered the fishing-pool, and icould then distinctly not only see but hear them.
to my extremesurprise, one of the first men who jumped out of the boat was johngough, who had brought mrs reichardt to the island.
he looked older,but i recognised him in a moment, and so did my companion.
kept me from betraying the place of ourconcealment--so great was my astonishment--having long believed himand all his lawless associates to have been lost at sea.
he was well armed, and evidently possessed some authority;nevertheless, i thought i could detect an air of concern in hisfeatures, as he offered to help one of the captives out of the boat.
the latter, however, regarded him with an air of disdain, and, thoughhis hands were tied behind him, leaped ashore without assistance.
hewas a man of commanding stature, with a well bronzed face, and a lookof great energy of character.
he wore a band of gold lace round hiscap, and had on duck trousers, and a blue jacket and waistcoat.
exclaimed john gough, "i bear you no malice.
thoughyou have been rather hard upon us, we won't leave you to starve."
"he's a deuced deal better off than he desarves to be," cried a manfrom the boat, whom i at once recognised as the fellow on whom i haddrawn my knife for hurting nero.
"if we had made him walk the plank,as i proposed, i'm blowed if it wouldn't have been much more to thepurpose than putting him on this here island, with lots o' prog, andeverything calkilated to make him and his domineering officerscomfortable for the rest of their days."
"hold your tongue, you mutineering rascal," exclaimed the captainangrily.
"a rope's end at the yard-arm will be your deserts beforelong."
"thank ye kindly, captain," replied the fellow, touching his hat inmockery.
"but you must be pleased to remember i ain't caught yet; andwe means to have many a jolly cruise in your ship, and get no end o'treasure, before i shall think o' my latter end; and then i means todie like a christian, and repent o' my sins, and make a much moreedifying example than i should exhibit dangling at the end of a rope."
the men laughed, the captain muttered something about "pirates andmutineers," but the rest of the officers wisely held their tongues.
i now noticed an elderly man of very respectable appearance, who wasnot pinioned like the rest.
his hair was quite white, his complexionvery pale, and he looked like one oppressed with deep sorrow andanxiety.
he rose from his seat in the boat, and was assisted out byjohn gough.
"i'm very sorry that we are obliged to leave you here, mr evelyn,"said gough, "but you see, sir, we have no alternative.
we couldn'tkeep you with us, for many reasons; and therefore we have beenobliged to make you a sharer in the fate of our officers."
"and werry painful this is to our feelings, sir, you may believe,"said another of the mutineers mockingly.
"i'm quite moloncholy as ithinks on it."
the men again laughed; but the person so addressed walked to theside of the captain without making any observation.
the othercaptives also left the boat in silence.
they were eight in all, butfour of them were evidently common seamen by their dress--the otherswere officers.
all were well-made, strong men.
"what a precious pretty colony you'll make, my hearties!"
exclaimedone of the mutineers, jeeringly, as he helped to land a cask, andsome other packages, that they had brought with them.
"it's athousand pities you ain't got no female associates, that you mightmarry, and settle, and bring up respectable families."
"talking of women," cried the one who had first spoken, "i wonderwhat became of the one we left here so cleverly when we was wreckedat this here place six years ago."
john gough looked uneasy at this inquiry, as if the recollection wasnot agreeable to him.
"and the little savage," continued the fellow, "what was agoing tosend his knife into my ribs for summat or other--i forget what.
theymust have died long ago, i ain't no doubt, as we unfortnitely left'em nothin' to live upon."
"no doubt they died hand in hand, like the babes in the wood," saidanother.
i still observed john gough; he seemed distressed at the turn theconversation had taken.
"now, mates," he said hurriedly, "let us return to the ship.
we havedone what we came to do."
"i votes as we shall go and see arter the missionary's woman and thelittle savage," cried the fourth.
"i should like, somehow, to seewhether they be living or not, and a stroll ashore won't do any on usany harm."
"i shall remain here till you return," said john gough; and he threwhimself on the grass with his back towards me, and only a few yardsfrom the place in which we were concealed.
the rest, after makingfast the boat, started off on an exploring expedition, in thedirection of the old hut.
the captives were grouped together, some sitting, and some standing.
not one of them looked dejected at his fate; though i could see bytheir movements that they were impatient of the bonds that tied them.
my attention was most frequently directed to the old gentleman whohad been addressed as mr evelyn.
notwithstanding the grief expressedin his countenance, it possessed an air of benevolence and kindnessof heart that even his settled melancholy did not conceal.
i couldnot understand why, but i felt a deeper interest for this person thanfor any of the others--a sort of yearning towards him, mingled with adesire to protect him from the malice of his enemies.
almost as soon as they were gone, john gough beckoned to mr evelynto sit down by his side.
possibly this was done to prevent hisassisting his companions to regain their liberty, as he, not beingpinioned like the rest, might easily have done, and they might haveoverpowered their guard before his companions could come to hisassistance.
but gough was well armed, and the rest being withoutweapons of any kind, it was scarcely probable that they would haverisked their lives in so desperate an attempt.
mr evelyn came and quietly sat himself down in the place indicated.
i observed him with increasing interest, and singular to relate, themore i gazed on his venerable face, the more strongly i felt assuredthat i had seen it before.
this of course was impossible,nevertheless, the fancy took possession of me, and i experienced astrange sensation of pleasure as i watched the changes his featuresunderwent.
"john gough, i am sorry to see you mixed up in this miserablebusiness," said he, mildly addressing his companion.
the other didnot answer, and as his back was turned towards me i could not observethe effect the observation had upon him.
"the men who have left us i know to be bad men," continued thespeaker; "i expect nothing but wickedness from them.
but you i amaware have been better brought up.
your responsibility thereforebecomes the greater in assisting them in their villainy."
"you had better not let them hear you, mr evelyn," replied gough, atlast, in something like a surly tone; "i would not answer for theconsequences."
"those i do not fear," the other answered.
"the results of thistransaction can make very little difference to a man on the verge ofthe grave, who has outlived all his relatives, and has nothing leftto fall back upon but the memory of his misfortunes: but to one inthe prime of life like yourself, who can boast of friends andrelatives who feel an interest in your good name, these results mustbe serious indeed.
what must be the feelings of your respectablefather when he learns that you have joined a gang of pirates; howintense must be the grief of your amiable mother when she hears thatyou have paid the penalty that must sooner or later overtake you forembracing so lawless a life."
"come, mr evelyn," exclaimed gough, though with a tremulousness inhis voice that betrayed the state of his feelings, "you have no rightto preach to me.
i have done as much as i could for you all.
the menwould have made short work with you, if i had not interposed, andpointed out to them this uninhabited island."
"where it seems you left a poor woman to be starved to death,"continued mr evelyn.
"it was no fault of mine," replied the man; "i did all i could toprevent it."
"it would have been more manly if you had remained with her on thisrock, and left your cowardly associates to take their selfish course.
but you are weak and irresolute, john gough; too easily persuadedinto evil, too slow to follow the impulses of good.
the murder ofthat poor woman is as much your deed as if you had blown her brainsout before you abandoned her.
indeed i do not know but what thelatter would have been the less criminal."
john gough made no answer.
i do not think, however, his mind wasquite easy under this accusation, for he seemed restless, and keptplaying with his pistols, with his eyes cast down.
"your complicity in this mutiny, too, john gough, is equallyinexcusable," continued mr evelyn.
"it was your duty to have stood bycaptain manvers and his officers, by which you would have earnedtheir eternal gratitude, and a handsome provision from the owners ofthe vessel."
"it's no use talking of these things now, mr evelyn," said gough,hurriedly.
"i have taken my course.
it is too late to turn back.
would to god," he added, dashing his hand violently against his brow,"i had had nothing to do with it."
"it is never too late, john gough, to do good," here cried out mrsreichardt, as she rose from her place of concealment, as much to mysurprise as that of all who could observe her.
but nothing couldequal the astonishment of gough when he first caught sight of herfeatures;--he sprang to his feet, leaving his pistols on the ground,and clasping his hands together, exclaimed, "thank god, she is safe!"
"yes," she replied, approaching him and taking his hand kindly.
"byan interposition of providence, you are saved from the guilt of onemurder.
in the name of that god who has so signally preserved youagainst yourself, i command you to abandon your present wickeddesigns."
the man hesitated, but it seemed as if he could not take his gazefrom her face, and it was evident that her presence exerted anextraordinary influence over him.
in the meantime i had made myappearance on the scene, not less to the astonishment of the lookers-on;and my first act was to take possession of the pair of pistolsthat gough had left on the ground; my next to hurry to the group ofcaptives, who had been regarding us, in a state as it were of perfectbewilderment, and with my american knife to cut their bonds.
"i will do whatever you think proper," said john gough.
"believe mei have been reluctantly led into this, and joined the mutiny knowingthat i should have been murdered if i did not."
"you must endeavour to make what amends are in your power,"continued mrs reichardt, "by assisting your officers in recoveringpossession of the ship."
"i will gladly assist in whatever they may think feasible," said theman.
"but we must first secure the desperate fellows who have justleft us, and as we are but poorly provided with weapons, that ofitself will be a service of no slight danger.
to get possession ofthe ship i am afraid will be still more hazardous; but you shall findme in the front of every danger."
here captain manvers and the others came up to where john gough andmrs reichardt were conversing; he heard gough's last speech, and hewas going to say something, when i interposed by stating that therewas no time now for explanations, for in a few minutes the fellowswho had gone to the hut would return, and the only way to prepare forthem was for the whole party to go to our house, to which mrsreichardt would lead them, where they would find plenty of arms andammunition.
in the meantime i would keep watch, and observe theirmotions, and by firing one of the pistols would signal to them if iwas in any danger.
lastly, i recommended that the oars should beremoved from the boat, to prevent the mutineers making their escapeto the ship.
my appearance and discourse attracted general attention.
iparticularly noticed that mr evelyn started as soon as he caughtsight of me, and appeared to observe me with singular carefulness;but that, no doubt, arose from my unexpected address, and the strangeway in which i had presented myself before him.
the captain approving of my proposal, the whole party, after takingaway the boat's oars, moved off rapidly in the direction of thehouse.
i again concealed myself in the grass, and waited the returnof the mutineers.
they did not remain away long.
i could hear themapproaching, for they laughed and shouted as they went along loudenough to be heard at a considerable distance.
when they began todescend the rocks, they passed so close to me, that i could hearevery word that was spoken.
"well, flesh is grass, as the parson says," said jack; "they musthave died sooner or later, if we hadn't parted company with so littleceremony.
my eyes and limbs!
where's john gough?
where's all on 'em?"
it is impossible to express the astonishment of the men on reachingthe spot where they had so lately left their prisoners, anddiscovering that not a trace of them was to be seen.
at first theyimagined that they had escaped in the boat, but as soon as they sawthat the boat was safe, they gave up that idea.
then they fanciedjohn gough had taken the prisoners to stroll a little distanceinland, and they began to shout as loud as their lungs would permitthem.
receiving no response, they uttered many strange ejaculations,which i could not then understand, but which i have since learnedwere profane oaths; and seemed at a loss what to do, whether towander about the island in search of them, or return to their ship.
only one chanced to be for the former, and the others overruled him,not thinking it was worth their while to take so much trouble as togo rambling about in a strange place.
they seemed bent on taking tothe boat, when one of them suggested they might get into a scrape ifthey returned without their companion.
they finally resolved onsitting down and waiting his return.
presently, one complained he was very sleepy, as he had been toobusy mutineering to turn into his hammock the previous night, and theothers acknowledged they also felt an equal want of rest from thesame cause.
each began to yawn.
they laid themselves at their fulllength along the grass, and in a short time i could hear by theirsnoring, as jackson used to do, that they were asleep.
i now crept stealthily towards them on my hands and knees, and theywere in such a profound sleep, that i had no difficulty whatever inremoving the pistols from their belts.
i had just succeeded in this,when i beheld the captain, and john gough, and mr evelyn, and all therest of them, well armed with guns and pistols, approaching the placewhere we were.
in a few minutes afterwards the mutineers were made prisoners,without their having an opportunity of making the slightestresistance.
i was much complimented by the captain for the dexteritywith which i had disarmed them; but while i was in conversation withhim, it is impossible to express the surprise i felt, on seeing mrevelyn suddenly rush towards me from the side of mrs reichardt, withwhom he had been talking, and, embracing me with the most movingdemonstrations of affection, claim me as his grandson.
the mystery was soon explained.
mr evelyn had met so many losses inbusiness as a merchant, that he took the opportunity of a son of hisold clerk--who had become a captain of a fine ship, employed in thesouth american trade--being about to proceed on a trading voyage tothat part of the world, to sail in his vessel with a consignment ofgoods for the south american market.
he had also another object,which was to inquire after the fate of his long-lost daughter andson-in-law, of whom he had received no certain intelligence, sincethe latter took ship with the diamonds he had purchased to return home.
the vessel in which they sailed had never been heard of since; and mrevelyn had long given up all hopes of seeing either of them again, orthe valuable property with which they had been entrusted.
on their going to the house, he had asked mrs reichardt my name,stating that i so strongly resembled a very dear friend of his, hebelieved had perished many years ago, that he felt quite an interestin me.
the answer he received led to a series of the most earnestinquiries, and mrs reichardt satisfied him on every point, showed himall the property that had formerly been in the possession of mrshenniker and her husband: related jackson's story, and convinced him,that though he had lost the daughter for whom he had mourned so long,her representative existed in the little savage, who was saving himfrom the fate for which he had been preserved by the mutineers.
i have only to add, that i had the happiness of restoring to mygrandfather the diamonds i had obtained from jackson, which were nodoubt very welcome to him, for they not only restored him toaffluence, but made him one of the richest merchants upon change.
i was also instrumental in obtaining for the captain the command ofhis ship, and of restoring discipline amongst the crew.
theringleaders of the mutiny were thrown into irons, and taken home fortrial; this resulted in one or two of them being hanged by way ofexample, and these happened to be the men who so barbarously desertedmrs reichardt.
she accompanied me to england in captain manvers'svessel, for when he heard of the obligations i owed her, mygrandfather decided that she should remain with us as long as shelived.
we however did not leave the island until we had shown mygrandfather, the captain, and his officers, what we had effectedduring our stay, and every one was surprised that we could haveproduced a flourishing farm upon a barren rock.
i did not fail toshow the places where i had had my fight with the python, and where ihad been pursued by the sharks, and my narrative of both incidentsseemed to astonish my hearers exceedingly.
i must not forget to add, that the day before our departure, johngough came to me privately, and requested my good offices with thecaptain, that he might be left on the island.
he had become a verydifferent character to what he had previously been; and as therecould be no question that the repentance he assumed was sincere, isaid all i could for him.
my recommendation was successful, and itransferred to john gough all my farm, farming stock, andagricultural implements; moreover, promised to send him whatever hemight further require to make his position comfortable.
he expressedgreat gratitude, but desired nothing; only that his family might knowthat he was well off, and was not likely to return.
perhaps john gough did not like the risk he ran of being tried formutiny, or was averse to sailing with his former comrades; butwhatever was the cause of his resolution, it is certain that heremained behind when the ship left the island, and may be there tothis hour for all i know to the contrary.
we made a quick voyage to england, and as my readers will no doubtbe glad to hear, the little savage landed safely at plymouth, and wassoon cordially welcomed to his grandfather's house in london.
