this book is a record of a pleasure trip.
if it were a record of asolemn scientific expedition, it would have about it that gravity, thatprofundity, and that impressive incomprehensibility which are so properto works of that kind, and withal so attractive.
yet notwithstanding itis only a record of a pic-nic, it has a purpose, which is to suggest tothe reader how he would be likely to see europe and the east if he lookedat them with his own eyes instead of the eyes of those who traveled inthose countries before him.
i make small pretense of showing anyone howhe ought to look at objects of interest beyond the sea--other books dothat, and therefore, even if i were competent to do it, there is no need.
i offer no apologies for any departures from the usual style oftravel-writing that may be charged against me--for i think i have seen withimpartial eyes, and i am sure i have written at least honestly, whetherwisely or not.
in this volume i have used portions of letters which i wrote for thedaily alta california, of san francisco, the proprietors of that journalhaving waived their rights and given me the necessary permission.
i havealso inserted portions of several letters written for the new yorktribune and the new york herald.
for months the great pleasure excursion to europe and the holy land waschatted about in the newspapers everywhere in america and discussed atcountless firesides.
it was a novelty in the way of excursions--its likehad not been thought of before, and it compelled that interest whichattractive novelties always command.
it was to be a picnic on a giganticscale.
the participants in it, instead of freighting an ungainly steamferry--boat with youth and beauty and pies and doughnuts, and paddling upsome obscure creek to disembark upon a grassy lawn and wear themselvesout with a long summer day's laborious frolicking under the impressionthat it was fun, were to sail away in a great steamship with flags flyingand cannon pealing, and take a royal holiday beyond the broad ocean inmany a strange clime and in many a land renowned in history!
they were tosail for months over the breezy atlantic and the sunny mediterranean;they were to scamper about the decks by day, filling the ship with shoutsand laughter--or read novels and poetry in the shade of the smokestacks,or watch for the jelly-fish and the nautilus over the side, and theshark, the whale, and other strange monsters of the deep; and at nightthey were to dance in the open air, on the upper deck, in the midst of aballroom that stretched from horizon to horizon, and was domed by thebending heavens and lighted by no meaner lamps than the stars and themagnificent moon--dance, and promenade, and smoke, and sing, and makelove, and search the skies for constellations that never associate withthe "big dipper" they were so tired of; and they were to see the ships oftwenty navies--the customs and costumes of twenty curious peoples--thegreat cities of half a world--they were to hob-nob with nobility and holdfriendly converse with kings and princes, grand moguls, and the anointedlords of mighty empires!
it was a brave conception; it was the offspringof a most ingenious brain.
it was well advertised, but it hardly neededit: the bold originality, the extraordinary character, the seductivenature, and the vastness of the enterprise provoked comment everywhereand advertised it in every household in the land.
who could read theprogram of the excursion without longing to make one of the party?
i willinsert it here.
it is almost as good as a map.
as a text for this book,nothing could be better:                   excursion to the holy land, egypt,      the crimea, greece, and intermediate points of interest.
brooklyn, february 1st, 1867       the undersigned will make an excursion as above during the coming     season, and begs to submit to you the following programme:       a first-class steamer, to be under his own command, and capable of     accommodating at least one hundred and fifty cabin passengers, will     be selected, in which will be taken a select company, numbering not     more than   three-fourths of the ship's capacity.
there is good     reason to believe that this company can be easily made up in this     immediate vicinity, of mutual friends and acquaintances.
the steamer will be provided with every necessary comfort,     including library and musical instruments.
an experienced physician will be on board.
leaving new york about june 1st, a middle and pleasant route will     be taken across the atlantic, and passing through the group of     azores, st. michael will be reached in about ten days.
a day or two     will be spent here, enjoying the fruit and wild scenery of these     islands, and the voyage continued, and gibraltar reached in three or     four days.
a day or two will be spent here in looking over the wonderful     subterraneous fortifications, permission to visit these galleries     being readily obtained.
from gibraltar, running along the coasts of spain and france,     marseilles will be reached in three days.
here ample time will be     given not only to look over the city, which was founded six hundred     years before the christian era, and its artificial port, the finest     of the kind in the mediterranean, but to visit paris during the     great exhibition; and the beautiful city of lyons, lying     intermediate, from the heights of which, on a clear day, mont blanc     and the alps can be distinctly seen.
passengers who may wish to     extend the time at paris can do so, and, passing down through     switzerland, rejoin the steamer at genoa.
from marseilles to genoa is a run of one night.
the excursionists     will have an opportunity to look over this, the "magnificent city of     palaces," and visit the birthplace of columbus, twelve miles off,     over a beautiful road built by napoleon i.  from this point,     excursions may be made to milan, lakes como and maggiore, or to     milan, verona (famous for its extraordinary fortifications), padua,     and venice.
or, if passengers desire to visit parma (famous for     correggio's frescoes) and bologna, they can by rail go on to     florence, and rejoin the steamer at leghorn, thus spending about     three weeks amid the cities most famous for art in italy.
from genoa the run to leghorn will be made along the coast in one     night, and time appropriated to this point in which to visit     florence, its palaces and galleries; pisa, its cathedral and     "leaning tower," and lucca and its baths, and roman amphitheater;     florence, the most remote, being distant by rail about sixty miles.
from leghorn to naples (calling at civita vecchia to land any who     may prefer to go to rome from that point), the distance will be made     in about thirty-six hours; the route will lay along the coast of     italy, close by caprera, elba, and corsica.
arrangements have been     made to take on board at leghorn a pilot for caprera, and, if     practicable, a call will be made there to visit the home of     garibaldi.
rome [by rail], herculaneum, pompeii, vesuvius, vergil's tomb, and     possibly the ruins of paestum can be visited, as well as the     beautiful surroundings of naples and its charming bay.
the next point of interest will be palermo, the most beautiful     city of sicily, which will be reached in one night from naples.
a     day will be spent here, and leaving in the evening, the course will     be taken towards athens.
skirting along the north coast of sicily, passing through the     group of aeolian isles, in sight of stromboli and vulcania, both     active volcanoes, through the straits of messina, with "scylla" on     the one hand and "charybdis" on the other, along the east coast of     sicily, and in sight of mount etna, along the south coast of italy,     the west and south coast of greece, in sight of ancient crete, up     athens gulf, and into the piraeus, athens will be reached in two and     a half or three days.
after tarrying here awhile, the bay of     salamis will be crossed, and a day given to corinth, whence the     voyage will be continued to constantinople, passing on the way     through the grecian archipelago, the dardanelles, the sea of     marmora, and the mouth of the golden horn, and arriving in about     forty-eight hours from athens.
after leaving constantinople, the way will be taken out through     the beautiful bosphorus, across the black sea to sebastopol and     balaklava, a run of about twenty-four hours.
here it is proposed to     remain two days, visiting the harbors, fortifications, and     battlefields of the crimea; thence back through the bosphorus,     touching at constantinople to take in any who may have preferred to     remain there; down through the sea of marmora and the dardanelles,     along the coasts of ancient troy and lydia in asia, to smyrna, which     will be reached in two or two and a half days from constantinople.
a sufficient stay will be made here to give opportunity of visiting     ephesus, fifty miles distant by rail.
from smyrna towards the holy land the course will lay through the     grecian  archipelago, close by the isle of patmos, along the coast     of asia, ancient pamphylia, and the isle of cyprus.
beirut will be     reached in three days.
at beirut time will be given to visit     damascus; after which the steamer will proceed to joppa.
from joppa, jerusalem, the river jordan, the sea of tiberias,     nazareth, bethany, bethlehem, and other points of interest in the     holy land can be visited, and here those who may have preferred to     make the journey from beirut through the country, passing through     damascus, galilee, capernaum, samaria, and by the river jordan and     sea of tiberias, can rejoin the steamer.
leaving joppa, the next point of interest to visit will be     alexandria, which will be reached in twenty-four hours.
the ruins     of caesar's palace, pompey's pillar, cleopatra's needle, the     catacombs, and ruins of ancient alexandria will be found worth the     visit.
the journey to cairo, one hundred and thirty miles by rail,     can be made in a few hours, and from which can be visited the site     of ancient memphis, joseph's granaries, and the pyramids.
from alexandria the route will be taken homeward, calling at     malta, cagliari (in sardinia), and palma (in majorca), all     magnificent harbors, with charming scenery, and abounding in fruits.
a day or two will be spent at each place, and leaving parma in the     evening, valencia in spain will be reached the next morning.
a few     days will be spent in this, the finest city of spain.
from valencia, the homeward course will be continued, skirting     along the coast of spain.
alicant, carthagena, palos, and malaga     will be passed but a mile or two distant, and gibraltar reached in     about twenty-four hours.
a stay of one day will be made here, and the voyage continued to     madeira, which will be reached in about three days.
captain     marryatt writes: "i do not know a spot on the globe which so much     astonishes and delights upon first arrival as madeira."
a stay of     one or two days will be made here, which, if time permits, may be     extended, and passing on through the islands, and probably in sight     of the peak of teneriffe, a southern track will be taken, and the     atlantic crossed within the latitudes of the northeast trade winds,     where mild and pleasant weather, and a smooth sea, can always be     expected.
a call will be made at bermuda, which lies directly in this route     homeward, and will be reached in about ten days from madeira, and     after spending a short time with our friends the bermudians, the     final departure will be made for home, which will be reached in     about three days.
already, applications have been received from parties in europe     wishing to join the excursion there.
the ship will at all times be a home, where the excursionists, if     sick, will be surrounded by kind friends, and have all possible     comfort and sympathy.
should contagious sickness exist in any of the ports named in the     program, such ports will be passed, and others of interest     substituted.
the price of passage is fixed at $1,250, currency, for each adult     passenger.
choice of rooms and of seats at the tables apportioned     in the order in which passages are engaged; and no passage     considered engaged until ten percent of the passage money is     deposited with the treasurer.
passengers can remain on board of the steamer, at all ports, if     they desire, without additional expense, and all boating at the     expense of the ship.
all passages must be paid for when taken, in order that the most     perfect arrangements be made for starting at the appointed time.
applications for passage must be approved by the committee before     tickets are issued, and can be made to the undersigned.
articles of interest or curiosity, procured by the passengers     during the voyage, may be brought home in the steamer free of     charge.
five dollars per day, in gold, it is believed, will be a fair     calculation to make for all traveling expenses onshore and at the     various points where passengers may wish to leave the steamer for     days at a time.
the trip can be extended, and the route changed, by unanimous vote     of the passengers.
c.  duncan,  117 wall street, new york  r.  r.  g******,     treasurer      committee on applications  j.  t.  h*****, esq.
r.  r.  g*****,     esq.
c.  c.  duncan      committee on selecting steamer  capt.
w.  w.  s* * * *, surveyor     for board of underwriters       c.  w.  c******, consulting engineer for u.s.  and canada  j.  t.     h*****, esq.
c.  c.  duncan       p.s.--the very beautiful and substantial side-wheel steamship     "quaker city" has been chartered for the occasion, and will leave     new york june 8th.
letters have been issued by the government     commending the party to courtesies abroad.
what was there lacking about that program to make it perfectlyirresistible?
nothing that any finite mind could discover.
paris,england, scotland, switzerland, italy--garibaldi!
the holy land!
egypt and"our friends the bermudians"!
people in europe desiring to join theexcursion--contagious sickness to be avoided--boating at the expense ofthe ship--physician on board--the circuit of the globe to be made if thepassengers unanimously desired it--the company to be rigidly selected bya pitiless "committee on applications"--the vessel to be as rigidlyselected by as pitiless a "committee on selecting steamer."
human naturecould not withstand these bewildering temptations.
i hurried to thetreasurer's office and deposited my ten percent.
i rejoiced to know thata few vacant staterooms were still left.
i did avoid a critical personalexamination into my character by that bowelless committee, but i referredto all the people of high standing i could think of in the community whowould be least likely to know anything about me.
shortly a supplementary program was issued which set forth that theplymouth collection of hymns would be used on board the ship.
i thenpaid the balance of my passage money.
i was provided with a receipt and duly and officially accepted as anexcursionist.
there was happiness in that but it was tame compared tothe novelty of being "select."
this supplementary program also instructed the excursionists to providethemselves with light musical instruments for amusement in the ship, withsaddles for syrian travel, green spectacles and umbrellas, veils foregypt, and substantial clothing to use in rough pilgrimizing in the holyland.
furthermore, it was suggested that although the ship's librarywould afford a fair amount of reading matter, it would still be well ifeach passenger would provide himself with a few guidebooks, a bible, andsome standard works of travel.
a list was appended, which consistedchiefly of books relating to the holy land, since the holy land was partof the excursion and seemed to be its main feature.
reverend henry ward beecher was to have accompanied the expedition, buturgent duties obliged him to give up the idea.
there were otherpassengers who could have been spared better and would have been sparedmore willingly.
lieutenant general sherman was to have been of the partyalso, but the indian war compelled his presence on the plains.
a popularactress had entered her name on the ship's books, but somethinginterfered and she couldn't go.
the "drummer boy of the potomac"deserted, and lo, we had never a celebrity left!
however, we were to have a "battery of guns" from the navy department (asper advertisement) to be used in answering royal salutes; and thedocument furnished by the secretary of the navy, which was to make"general sherman and party" welcome guests in the courts and camps of theold world, was still left to us, though both document and battery, ithink, were shorn of somewhat of their original august proportions.
however, had not we the seductive program still, with its paris, itsconstantinople, smyrna, jerusalem, jericho, and "our friends thebermudians?"
what did we care?
occasionally, during the following month, i dropped in at 117 wall streetto inquire how the repairing and refurnishing of the vessel was comingon, how additions to the passenger list were averaging, how many peoplethe committee were decreeing not "select" every day and banishing insorrow and tribulation.
i was glad to know that we were to have a littleprinting press on board and issue a daily newspaper of our own.
i wasglad to learn that our piano, our parlor organ, and our melodeon were tobe the best instruments of the kind that could be had in the market.
iwas proud to observe that among our excursionists were three ministers ofthe gospel, eight doctors, sixteen or eighteen ladies, several militaryand naval chieftains with sounding titles, an ample crop of "professors"of various kinds, and a gentleman who had "commissioner of the unitedstates of america to europe, asia, and africa" thundering after his namein one awful blast!
i had carefully prepared myself to take rather aback seat in that ship because of the uncommonly select material thatwould alone be permitted to pass through the camel's eye of thatcommittee on credentials; i had schooled myself to expect an imposingarray of military and naval heroes and to have to set that back seatstill further back in consequence of it maybe; but i state frankly that iwas all unprepared for this crusher.
i fell under that titular avalanche a torn and blighted thing.
i saidthat if that potentate must go over in our ship, why, i supposed he must--but that to my thinking, when the united states considered it necessaryto send a dignitary of that tonnage across the ocean, it would be inbetter taste, and safer, to take him apart and cart him over in sectionsin several ships.
ah, if i had only known then that he was only a common mortal, and thathis mission had nothing more overpowering about it than the collecting ofseeds and uncommon yams and extraordinary cabbages and peculiar bullfrogsfor that poor, useless, innocent, mildewed old fossil the smithsonianinstitute, i would have felt so much relieved.
during that memorable month i basked in the happiness of being for oncein my life drifting with the tide of a great popular movement.
everybodywas going to europe--i, too, was going to europe.
everybody was going tothe famous paris exposition--i, too, was going to the paris exposition.
the steamship lines were carrying americans out of the various ports ofthe country at the rate of four or five thousand a week in the aggregate.
if i met a dozen individuals during that month who were not going toeurope shortly, i have no distinct remembrance of it now.
i walked aboutthe city a good deal with a young mr.  blucher, who was booked for theexcursion.
he was confiding, good-natured, unsophisticated,companionable; but he was not a man to set the river on fire.
he had themost extraordinary notions about this european exodus and came at last toconsider the whole nation as packing up for emigration to france.
westepped into a store on broadway one day, where he bought a handkerchief,and when the man could not make change, mr. b. said:"never mind, i'll hand it to you in paris."
"but i am not going to paris."
"how is--what did i understand you to say?"
"i said i am not going to paris."
"not going to paris!
not g---- well, then, where in the nation are yougoing to?"
"nowhere at all."
"not anywhere whatsoever?--not any place on earth but this?"
"not any place at all but just this--stay here all summer."
my comrade took his purchase and walked out of the store without a word--walked out with an injured look upon his countenance.
up the streetapiece he broke silence and said impressively: "it was a lie--that is myopinion of it!"
in the fullness of time the ship was ready to receive her passengers.
i was introduced to the young gentleman who was to be my roommate, andfound him to be intelligent, cheerful of spirit, unselfish, full ofgenerous impulses, patient, considerate, and wonderfully good-natured.
not any passenger that sailed in the quaker city will withhold hisendorsement of what i have just said.
we selected a stateroom forward ofthe wheel, on the starboard side, "below decks."
it bad two berths init, a dismal dead-light, a sink with a washbowl in it, and a long,sumptuously cushioned locker, which was to do service as a sofa--partly--and partly as a hiding place for our things.
notwithstanding all thisfurniture, there was still room to turn around in, but not to swing a catin, at least with entire security to the cat.
however, the room waslarge, for a ship's stateroom, and was in every way satisfactory.
the vessel was appointed to sail on a certain saturday early in june.
a little after noon on that distinguished saturday i reached the ship andwent on board.
all was bustle and confusion.
[i have seen that remarkbefore somewhere.]
the pier was crowded with carriages and men;passengers were arriving and hurrying on board; the vessel's decks wereencumbered with trunks and valises; groups of excursionists, arrayed inunattractive traveling costumes, were moping about in a drizzling rainand looking as droopy and woebegone as so many molting chickens.
thegallant flag was up, but it was under the spell, too, and hung limp anddisheartened by the mast.
altogether, it was the bluest, bluestspectacle!
it was a pleasure excursion--there was no gainsaying that,because the program said so--it was so nominated in the bond--but itsurely hadn't the general aspect of one.
finally, above the banging, and rumbling, and shouting, and hissing ofsteam rang the order to "cast off!"
--a sudden rush to the gangways--ascampering ashore of visitors-a revolution of the wheels, and we wereoff--the pic-nic was begun!
two very mild cheers went up from thedripping crowd on the pier; we answered them gently from the slipperydecks; the flag made an effort to wave, and failed; the "battery of guns"spake not--the ammunition was out.
we steamed down to the foot of the harbor and came to anchor.
it wasstill raining.
and not only raining, but storming.
"outside" we couldsee, ourselves, that there was a tremendous sea on.
we must lie still,in the calm harbor, till the storm should abate.
our passengers hailedfrom fifteen states; only a few of them had ever been to sea before;manifestly it would not do to pit them against a full-blown tempest untilthey had got their sea-legs on.
toward evening the two steam tugs thathad accompanied us with a rollicking champagne-party of young new yorkerson board who wished to bid farewell to one of our number in due andancient form departed, and we were alone on the deep.
on deep fivefathoms, and anchored fast to the bottom.
and out in the solemn rain, atthat.
this was pleasuring with a vengeance.
it was an appropriate relief when the gong sounded for prayer meeting.
the first saturday night of any other pleasure excursion might have beendevoted to whist and dancing; but i submit it to the unprejudiced mind ifit would have been in good taste for us to engage in such frivolities,considering what we had gone through and the frame of mind we were in.
we would have shone at a wake, but not at anything more festive.
however, there is always a cheering influence about the sea; and in myberth that night, rocked by the measured swell of the waves and lulled bythe murmur of the distant surf, i soon passed tranquilly out of allconsciousness of the dreary experiences of the day and damagingpremonitions of the future.
all day sunday at anchor.
the storm had gone down a great deal, but thesea had not.
it was still piling its frothy hills high in air "outside,"as we could plainly see with the glasses.
we could not properly begin apleasure excursion on sunday; we could not offer untried stomachs to sopitiless a sea as that.
we must lie still till monday.
and we did.
butwe had repetitions of church and prayer-meetings; and so, of course, wewere just as eligibly situated as we could have been any where.
i was up early that sabbath morning and was early to breakfast.
i felt aperfectly natural desire to have a good, long, unprejudiced look at thepassengers at a time when they should be free from self-consciousness--which is at breakfast, when such a moment occurs in the lives of humanbeings at all.
i was greatly surprised to see so many elderly people--i might almostsay, so many venerable people.
a glance at the long lines of heads wasapt to make one think it was all gray.
but it was not.
there was atolerably fair sprinkling of young folks, and another fair sprinkling ofgentlemen and ladies who were non-committal as to age, being neitheractually old or absolutely young.
the next morning we weighed anchor and went to sea.
it was a greathappiness to get away after this dragging, dispiriting delay.
i thoughtthere never was such gladness in the air before, such brightness in thesun, such beauty in the sea.
i was satisfied with the picnic then andwith all its belongings.
all my malicious instincts were dead within me;and as america faded out of sight, i think a spirit of charity rose up intheir place that was as boundless, for the time being, as the broad oceanthat was heaving its billows about us.
i wished to express my feelings--i wished to lift up my voice and sing; but i did not know anything tosing, and so i was obliged to give up the idea.
it was no loss to theship, though, perhaps.
it was breezy and pleasant, but the sea was still very rough.
one couldnot promenade without risking his neck; at one moment the bowsprit wastaking a deadly aim at the sun in midheaven, and at the next it wastrying to harpoon a shark in the bottom of the ocean.
what a weirdsensation it is to feel the stem of a ship sinking swiftly from under youand see the bow climbing high away among the clouds!
one's safest coursethat day was to clasp a railing and hang on; walking was too precarious apastime.
by some happy fortune i was not seasick.--that was a thing to be proudof.
i had not always escaped before.
if there is one thing in the worldthat will make a man peculiarly and insufferably self-conceited, it is tohave his stomach behave itself, the first day it sea, when nearly all hiscomrades are seasick.
soon a venerable fossil, shawled to the chin andbandaged like a mummy, appeared at the door of the after deck-house, andthe next lurch of the ship shot him into my arms.
i said:"good-morning, sir.
it is a fine day."
he put his hand on his stomach and said, "oh, my!"
and then staggeredaway and fell over the coop of a skylight.
presently another old gentleman was projected from the same door withgreat violence.
i said:"calm yourself, sir--there is no hurry.
it is a fine day, sir."
he, also, put his hand on his stomach and said "oh, my!"
and reeled away.
in a little while another veteran was discharged abruptly from the samedoor, clawing at the air for a saving support.
i said:"good morning, sir.
it is a fine day for pleasuring.
you were about tosay--""oh, my!"
i thought so.
i anticipated him, anyhow.
i stayed there and wasbombarded with old gentlemen for an hour, perhaps; and all i got out ofany of them was "oh, my!"
i went away then in a thoughtful mood.
i said, this is a good pleasureexcursion.
i like it.
the passengers are not garrulous, but still theyare sociable.
i like those old people, but somehow they all seem to havethe "oh, my" rather bad.
i knew what was the matter with them.
they were seasick.
and i was gladof it.
we all like to see people seasick when we are not, ourselves.
playing whist by the cabin lamps when it is storming outside is pleasant;walking the quarterdeck in the moonlight is pleasant; smoking in thebreezy foretop is pleasant when one is not afraid to go up there; butthese are all feeble and commonplace compared with the joy of seeingpeople suffering the miseries of seasickness.
i picked up a good deal of information during the afternoon.
at one timei was climbing up the quarterdeck when the vessel's stem was in the sky;i was smoking a cigar and feeling passably comfortable.
somebodyejaculated:"come, now, that won't answer.
read the sign up there--no smoking abaftthe wheel!"
it was captain duncan, chief of the expedition.
i went forward, ofcourse.
i saw a long spyglass lying on a desk in one of the upper-deckstate-rooms back of the pilot-house and reached after it--there was aship in the distance.
"ah, ah--hands off!
come out of that!"
i came out of that.
i said to a deck-sweep--but in a low voice:"who is that overgrown pirate with the whiskers and the discordantvoice?"
"it's captain bursley--executive officer--sailing master."
i loitered about awhile, and then, for want of something better to do,fell to carving a railing with my knife.
somebody said, in aninsinuating, admonitory voice:"now, say--my friend--don't you know any better than to be whittling theship all to pieces that way?
you ought to know better than that."
i went back and found the deck sweep.
"who is that smooth-faced, animated outrage yonder in the fine clothes?"
"that's captain l****, the owner of the ship--he's one of the mainbosses."
in the course of time i brought up on the starboard side of thepilot-house and found a sextant lying on a bench.
now, i said, they"take the sun" through this thing; i should think i might see that vesselthrough it.
i had hardly got it to my eye when someone touched me on theshoulder and said deprecatingly:"i'll have to get you to give that to me, sir.
if there's anything you'dlike to know about taking the sun, i'd as soon tell you as not--but idon't like to trust anybody with that instrument.
if you want anyfiguring done--aye, aye, sir!"
he was gone to answer a call from the other side.
i sought thedeck-sweep.
"who is that spider-legged gorilla yonder with the sanctimoniouscountenance?"
"it's captain jones, sir--the chief mate."
this goes clear away ahead of anything i ever heard of before.
do you--now i ask you as a man and a brother--do you think i couldventure to throw a rock here in any given direction without hitting acaptain of this ship?"
"well, sir, i don't know--i think likely you'd fetch the captain of thewatch may be, because he's a-standing right yonder in the way."
i went below--meditating and a little downhearted.
i thought, if fivecooks can spoil a broth, what may not five captains do with a pleasureexcursion.
we plowed along bravely for a week or more, and without any conflict ofjurisdiction among the captains worth mentioning.
the passengers soonlearned to accommodate themselves to their new circumstances, and life inthe ship became nearly as systematically monotonous as the routine of abarrack.
i do not mean that it was dull, for it was not entirely so byany means--but there was a good deal of sameness about it.
as is alwaysthe fashion at sea, the passengers shortly began to pick up sailor terms--a sign that they were beginning to feel at home.
half-past six was nolonger half-past six to these pilgrims from new england, the south, andthe mississippi valley, it was "seven bells"; eight, twelve, and fouro'clock were "eight bells"; the captain did not take the longitude atnine o'clock, but at "two bells."
they spoke glibly of the "aftercabin," the "for'rard cabin," "port and starboard" and the "fo'castle."
at seven bells the first gong rang; at eight there was breakfast, forsuch as were not too seasick to eat it.
after that all the well peoplewalked arm-in-arm up and down the long promenade deck, enjoying the finesummer mornings, and the seasick ones crawled out and propped themselvesup in the lee of the paddle-boxes and ate their dismal tea and toast, andlooked wretched.
from eleven o'clock until luncheon, and from luncheonuntil dinner at six in the evening, the employments and amusements werevarious.
some reading was done, and much smoking and sewing, though notby the same parties; there were the monsters of the deep to be lookedafter and wondered at; strange ships had to be scrutinized throughopera-glasses, and sage decisions arrived at concerning them; and morethan that, everybody took a personal interest in seeing that the flag wasrun up and politely dipped three times in response to the salutes ofthose strangers; in the smoking room there were always parties ofgentlemen playing euchre, draughts and dominoes, especially dominoes,that delightfully harmless game; and down on the main deck, "for'rard"--for'rard of the chicken-coops and the cattle--we had what was called"horse billiards."
horse billiards is a fine game.
it affords good,active exercise, hilarity, and consuming excitement.
it is a mixture of"hop-scotch" and shuffleboard played with a crutch.
a large hop-scotchdiagram is marked out on the deck with chalk, and each compartmentnumbered.
you stand off three or four steps, with some broad woodendisks before you on the deck, and these you send forward with a vigorousthrust of a long crutch.
if a disk stops on a chalk line, it does notcount anything.
if it stops in division no.
7, it counts 7; in 5, itcounts 5, and so on.
the game is 100, and four can play at a time.
thatgame would be very simple played on a stationary floor, but with us, toplay it well required science.
we had to allow for the reeling of theship to the right or the left.
very often one made calculations for aheel to the right and the ship did not go that way.
the consequence wasthat that disk missed the whole hopscotch plan a yard or two, and thenthere was humiliation on one side and laughter on the other.
when it rained the passengers had to stay in the house, of course--or atleast the cabins--and amuse themselves with games, reading, looking outof the windows at the very familiar billows, and talking gossip.
by 7 o'clock in the evening, dinner was about over; an hour's promenadeon the upper deck followed; then the gong sounded and a large majority ofthe party repaired to the after cabin (upper), a handsome saloon fifty orsixty feet long, for prayers.
the unregenerated called this saloon the"synagogue."
the devotions consisted only of two hymns from the plymouthcollection and a short prayer, and seldom occupied more than fifteenminutes.
the hymns were accompanied by parlor-organ music when the seawas smooth enough to allow a performer to sit at the instrument withoutbeing lashed to his chair.
after prayers the synagogue shortly took the semblance of a writingschool.
the like of that picture was never seen in a ship before.
behind the long dining tables on either side of the saloon, and scatteredfrom one end to the other of the latter, some twenty or thirty gentlemenand ladies sat them down under the swaying lamps and for two or threehours wrote diligently in their journals.
that journals sovoluminously begun should come to so lame and impotent a conclusion asmost of them did!
i doubt if there is a single pilgrim of all that hostbut can show a hundred fair pages of journal concerning the first twentydays' voyaging in the quaker city, and i am morally certain that not tenof the party can show twenty pages of journal for the succeeding twentythousand miles of voyaging!
at certain periods it becomes the dearestambition of a man to keep a faithful record of his performances in abook; and he dashes at this work with an enthusiasm that imposes on himthe notion that keeping a journal is the veriest pastime in the world,and the pleasantest.
but if he only lives twenty-one days, he will findout that only those rare natures that are made up of pluck, endurance,devotion to duty for duty's sake, and invincible determination may hopeto venture upon so tremendous an enterprise as the keeping of a journaland not sustain a shameful defeat.
one of our favorite youths, jack, a splendid young fellow with a headfull of good sense, and a pair of legs that were a wonder to look upon inthe way of length and straightness and slimness, used to report progressevery morning in the most glowing and spirited way, and say:"oh, i'm coming along bully!"
(he was a little given to slang in hishappier moods.)
"i wrote ten pages in my journal last night--and youknow i wrote nine the night before and twelve the night before that.
why, it's only fun!"
"what do you find to put in it, jack?"
latitude and longitude, noon every day; and how manymiles we made last twenty-four hours; and all the domino games i beat andhorse billiards; and whales and sharks and porpoises; and the text of thesermon sundays (because that'll tell at home, you know); and the ships wesaluted and what nation they were; and which way the wind was, andwhether there was a heavy sea, and what sail we carried, though we don'tever carry any, principally, going against a head wind always--wonderwhat is the reason of that?--and how many lies moult has told--oh, everything!
i've got everything down.
my father told me to keep thatjournal.
father wouldn't take a thousand dollars for it when i get itdone."
"no, jack; it will be worth more than a thousand dollars--when you get itdone."
"do you?--no, but do you think it will, though?
"yes, it will be worth at least as much as a thousand dollars--when youget it done.
may be more."
"well, i about half think so, myself.
it ain't no slouch of a journal."
but it shortly became a most lamentable "slouch of a journal."
one nightin paris, after a hard day's toil in sightseeing, i said:"now i'll go and stroll around the cafes awhile, jack, and give you achance to write up your journal, old fellow."
his countenance lost its fire.
he said:"well, no, you needn't mind.
i think i won't run that journal anymore.
it is awful tedious.
do you know--i reckon i'm as much as four thousandpages behind hand.
i haven't got any france in it at all.
first ithought i'd leave france out and start fresh.
but that wouldn't do,would it?
the governor would say, 'hello, here--didn't see anything infrance?
that cat wouldn't fight, you know.
first i thought i'd copyfrance out of the guide-book, like old badger in the for'rard cabin,who's writing a book, but there's more than three hundred pages of it.
oh, i don't think a journal's any use--do you?
they're only a bother,ain't they?"
"yes, a journal that is incomplete isn't of much use, but a journalproperly kept is worth a thousand dollars--when you've got it done."
"a thousand!--well, i should think so.
i wouldn't finish it for amillion."
his experience was only the experience of the majority of thatindustrious night school in the cabin.
if you wish to inflict aheartless and malignant punishment upon a young person, pledge him tokeep a journal a year.
a good many expedients were resorted to to keep the excursionists amusedand satisfied.
a club was formed, of all the passengers, which met inthe writing school after prayers and read aloud about the countries wewere approaching and discussed the information so obtained.
several times the photographer of the expedition brought out histransparent pictures and gave us a handsome magic-lantern exhibition.
his views were nearly all of foreign scenes, but there were one or twohome pictures among them.
he advertised that he would "open hisperformance in the after cabin at 'two bells' (nine p.m.) and show thepassengers where they shall eventually arrive"--which was all very well,but by a funny accident the first picture that flamed out upon the canvaswas a view of greenwood cemetery!
on several starlight nights we danced on the upper deck, under theawnings, and made something of a ball-room display of brilliancy byhanging a number of ship's lanterns to the stanchions.
our musicconsisted of the well-mixed strains of a melodeon which was a littleasthmatic and apt to catch its breath where it ought to come out strong,a clarinet which was a little unreliable on the high keys and rathermelancholy on the low ones, and a disreputable accordion that had a leaksomewhere and breathed louder than it squawked--a more elegant term doesnot occur to me just now.
however, the dancing was infinitely worse thanthe music.
when the ship rolled to starboard the whole platoon ofdancers came charging down to starboard with it, and brought up in massat the rail; and when it rolled to port they went floundering down toport with the same unanimity of sentiment.
waltzers spun aroundprecariously for a matter of fifteen seconds and then went scurrying downto the rail as if they meant to go overboard.
the virginia reel, asperformed on board the quaker city, had more genuine reel about it thanany reel i ever saw before, and was as full of interest to the spectatoras it was full of desperate chances and hairbreadth escapes to theparticipant.
we gave up dancing, finally.
we celebrated a lady's birthday anniversary with toasts, speeches, apoem, and so forth.
we also had a mock trial.
no ship ever went to seathat hadn't a mock trial on board.
the purser was accused of stealing anovercoat from stateroom no.
10.  a judge was appointed; also clerks, acrier of the court, constables, sheriffs; counsel for the state and forthe defendant; witnesses were subpoenaed, and a jury empaneled after muchchallenging.
the witnesses were stupid and unreliable and contradictory,as witnesses always are.
the counsel were eloquent, argumentative, andvindictively abusive of each other, as was characteristic and proper.
the case was at last submitted and duly finished by the judge with anabsurd decision and a ridiculous sentence.
the acting of charades was tried on several evenings by the younggentlemen and ladies, in the cabins, and proved the most distinguishedsuccess of all the amusement experiments.
an attempt was made to organize a debating club, but it was a failure.
there was no oratorical talent in the ship.
we all enjoyed ourselves--i think i can safely say that, but it was in arather quiet way.
we very, very seldom played the piano; we played theflute and the clarinet together, and made good music, too, what there wasof it, but we always played the same old tune; it was a very pretty tune--how well i remember it--i wonder when i shall ever get rid of it.
wenever played either the melodeon or the organ except at devotions--but iam too fast: young albert did know part of a tune something about"o something-or-other how sweet it is to know that he's hiswhat's-his-name" (i do not remember the exact title of it, but it wasvery plaintive and full of sentiment); albert played that pretty muchall the time until we contracted with him to restrain himself.
butnobody ever sang by moonlight on the upper deck, and the congregationalsinging at church and prayers was not of a superior order ofarchitecture.
i put up with it as long as i could and then joined inand tried to improve it, but this encouraged young george to join intoo, and that made a failure of it; because george's voice was just"turning," and when he was singing a dismal sort of bass it was apt tofly off the handle and startle everybody with a most discordant cackleon the upper notes.
george didn't know the tunes, either, which wasalso a drawback to his performances.
i said:"come, now, george, don't improvise.
it looks too egotistical.
it willprovoke remark.
just stick to 'coronation,' like the others.
it is agood tune--you can't improve it any, just off-hand, in this way."
"why, i'm not trying to improve it--and i am singing like the others--just as it is in the notes."
and he honestly thought he was, too; and so he had no one to blame buthimself when his voice caught on the center occasionally and gave him thelockjaw.
there were those among the unregenerated who attributed the unceasinghead-winds to our distressing choir-music.
there were those who saidopenly that it was taking chances enough to have such ghastly music goingon, even when it was at its best; and that to exaggerate the crime byletting george help was simply flying in the face of providence.
thesesaid that the choir would keep up their lacerating attempts at melodyuntil they would bring down a storm some day that would sink the ship.
there were even grumblers at the prayers.
the executive officer said thepilgrims had no charity:"there they are, down there every night at eight bells, praying for fairwinds--when they know as well as i do that this is the only ship goingeast this time of the year, but there's a thousand coming west--what's afair wind for us is a head wind to them--the almighty's blowing a fairwind for a thousand vessels, and this tribe wants him to turn it cleararound so as to accommodate one--and she a steamship at that!
it ain'tgood sense, it ain't good reason, it ain't good christianity, it ain'tcommon human charity.
avast with such nonsense!"
taking it "by and large," as the sailors say, we had a pleasant ten days'run from new york to the azores islands--not a fast run, for the distanceis only twenty-four hundred miles, but a right pleasant one in the main.
true, we had head winds all the time, and several stormy experienceswhich sent fifty percent of the passengers to bed sick and made the shiplook dismal and deserted--stormy experiences that all will remember whoweathered them on the tumbling deck and caught the vast sheets of spraythat every now and then sprang high in air from the weather bow and sweptthe ship like a thunder-shower; but for the most part we had balmy summerweather and nights that were even finer than the days.
we had thephenomenon of a full moon located just in the same spot in the heavens atthe same hour every night.
the reason of this singular conduct on thepart of the moon did not occur to us at first, but it did afterward whenwe reflected that we were gaining about twenty minutes every day becausewe were going east so fast--we gained just about enough every day to keepalong with the moon.
it was becoming an old moon to the friends we hadleft behind us, but to us joshuas it stood still in the same place andremained always the same.
young mr. blucher, who is from the far west and is on his first voyage,was a good deal worried by the constantly changing "ship time."
he wasproud of his new watch at first and used to drag it out promptly wheneight bells struck at noon, but he came to look after a while as if hewere losing confidence in it.
seven days out from new york he came ondeck and said with great decision:"this thing's a swindle!"
"what's a swindle?"
"why, this watch.
i bought her out in illinois--gave $150 for her--and ithought she was good.
and, by george, she is good onshore, but somehowshe don't keep up her lick here on the water--gets seasick may be.
sheskips; she runs along regular enough till half-past eleven, and then, allof a sudden, she lets down.
i've set that old regulator up faster andfaster, till i've shoved it clear around, but it don't do any good; shejust distances every watch in the ship, and clatters along in a waythat's astonishing till it is noon, but them eight bells always gets inabout ten minutes ahead of her anyway.
i don't know what to do with hernow.
she's doing all she can--she's going her best gait, but it won'tsave her.
now, don't you know, there ain't a watch in the ship that'smaking better time than she is, but what does it signify?
when you hearthem eight bells you'll find her just about ten minutes short of herscore sure."
the ship was gaining a full hour every three days, and this fellow wastrying to make his watch go fast enough to keep up to her.
but, as hehad said, he had pushed the regulator up as far as it would go, and thewatch was "on its best gait," and so nothing was left him but to fold hishands and see the ship beat the race.
we sent him to the captain, and heexplained to him the mystery of "ship time" and set his troubled mind atrest.
this young man asked a great many questions about seasicknessbefore we left, and wanted to know what its characteristics were and howhe was to tell when he had it.
he found out.
we saw the usual sharks, blackfish, porpoises, &c., of course, and by andby large schools of portuguese men-of-war were added to the regular listof sea wonders.
some of them were white and some of a brilliant carminecolor.
the nautilus is nothing but a transparent web of jelly thatspreads itself to catch the wind, and has fleshy-looking strings a footor two long dangling from it to keep it steady in the water.
it is anaccomplished sailor and has good sailor judgment.
it reefs its sail whena storm threatens or the wind blows pretty hard, and furls it entirelyand goes down when a gale blows.
ordinarily it keeps its sail wet and ingood sailing order by turning over and dipping it in the water for amoment.
seamen say the nautilus is only found in these waters betweenthe 35th and 45th parallels of latitude.
at three o'clock on the morning of the twenty-first of june, we wereawakened and notified that the azores islands were in sight.
i said idid not take any interest in islands at three o'clock in the morning.
but another persecutor came, and then another and another, and finallybelieving that the general enthusiasm would permit no one to slumber inpeace, i got up and went sleepily on deck.
it was five and a halfo'clock now, and a raw, blustering morning.
the passengers were huddledabout the smoke-stacks and fortified behind ventilators, and all werewrapped in wintry costumes and looking sleepy and unhappy in the pitilessgale and the drenching spray.
the island in sight was flores.
it seemed only a mountain of mudstanding up out of the dull mists of the sea.
but as we bore down uponit the sun came out and made it a beautiful picture--a mass of greenfarms and meadows that swelled up to a height of fifteen hundred feet andmingled its upper outlines with the clouds.
it was ribbed with sharp,steep ridges and cloven with narrow canyons, and here and there on theheights, rocky upheavals shaped themselves into mimic battlements andcastles; and out of rifted clouds came broad shafts of sunlight, thatpainted summit, and slope and glen, with bands of fire, and left belts ofsomber shade between.
it was the aurora borealis of the frozen poleexiled to a summer land!
we skirted around two-thirds of the island, four miles from shore, andall the opera glasses in the ship were called into requisition to settledisputes as to whether mossy spots on the uplands were groves of trees orgroves of weeds, or whether the white villages down by the sea werereally villages or only the clustering tombstones of cemeteries.
finallywe stood to sea and bore away for san miguel, and flores shortly became adome of mud again and sank down among the mists, and disappeared.
but tomany a seasick passenger it was good to see the green hills again, andall were more cheerful after this episode than anybody could haveexpected them to be, considering how sinfully early they had gotten up.
but we had to change our purpose about san miguel, for a storm came upabout noon that so tossed and pitched the vessel that common sensedictated a run for shelter.
therefore we steered for the nearest islandof the group--fayal (the people there pronounce it fy-all, and put theaccent on the first syllable).
we anchored in the open roadstead ofhorta, half a mile from the shore.
the town has eight thousand to tenthousand inhabitants.
its snow-white houses nestle cosily in a sea offresh green vegetation, and no village could look prettier or moreattractive.
it sits in the lap of an amphitheater of hills which arethree hundred to seven hundred feet high, and carefully cultivated clearto their summits--not a foot of soil left idle.
every farm and everyacre is cut up into little square inclosures by stone walls, whose dutyit is to protect the growing products from the destructive gales thatblow there.
these hundreds of green squares, marked by their black lavawalls, make the hills look like vast checkerboards.
the islands belong to portugal, and everything in fayal has portuguesecharacteristics about it.
but more of that anon.
a swarm of swarthy,noisy, lying, shoulder-shrugging, gesticulating portuguese boatmen, withbrass rings in their ears and fraud in their hearts, climbed the ship'ssides, and various parties of us contracted with them to take us ashoreat so much a head, silver coin of any country.
we landed under the wallsof a little fort, armed with batteries of twelve-and-thirty-two-pounders,which horta considered a most formidable institution, but if we were everto get after it with one of our turreted monitors, they would have tomove it out in the country if they wanted it where they could go and findit again when they needed it.
the group on the pier was a rusty one--menand women, and boys and girls, all ragged and barefoot, uncombed andunclean, and by instinct, education, and profession beggars.
theytrooped after us, and never more while we tarried in fayal did we get ridof them.
we walked up the middle of the principal street, and thesevermin surrounded us on all sides and glared upon us; and every momentexcited couples shot ahead of the procession to get a good look back,just as village boys do when they accompany the elephant on hisadvertising trip from street to street.
it was very flattering to me tobe part of the material for such a sensation.
here and there in thedoorways we saw women with fashionable portuguese hoods on.
this hood isof thick blue cloth, attached to a cloak of the same stuff, and is amarvel of ugliness.
it stands up high and spreads far abroad, and isunfathomably deep.
it fits like a circus tent, and a woman's head ishidden away in it like the man's who prompts the singers from his tinshed in the stage of an opera.
there is no particle of trimming aboutthis monstrous capote, as they call it--it is just a plain, uglydead-blue mass of sail, and a woman can't go within eight points of thewind with one of them on; she has to go before the wind or not at all.
the general style of the capote is the same in all the islands, and willremain so for the next ten thousand years, but each island shapes itscapotes just enough differently from the others to enable an observer totell at a glance what particular island a lady hails from.
the portuguese pennies, or reis (pronounced rays), are prodigious.
ittakes one thousand reis to make a dollar, and all financial estimates aremade in reis.
we did not know this until after we had found it outthrough blucher.
blucher said he was so happy and so grateful to be onsolid land once more that he wanted to give a feast--said he had heard itwas a cheap land, and he was bound to have a grand banquet.
he invitednine of us, and we ate an excellent dinner at the principal hotel.
inthe midst of the jollity produced by good cigars, good wine, and passableanecdotes, the landlord presented his bill.
blucher glanced at it andhis countenance fell.
he took another look to assure himself that hissenses had not deceived him and then read the items aloud, in a falteringvoice, while the roses in his cheeks turned to ashes:"'ten dinners, at 600 reis, 6,000 reis!'
ruin and desolation!
"'twenty-five cigars, at 100 reis, 2,500 reis!'
oh, my sainted mother!
"'eleven bottles of wine, at 1,200 reis, 13,200 reis!'
be with us all!
"'total, twenty-one thousand seven hundred reis!'
the suffering moses!
there ain't money enough in the ship to pay that bill!
go--leave me tomy misery, boys, i am a ruined community."
i think it was the blankest-looking party i ever saw.
nobody could say aword.
it was as if every soul had been stricken dumb.
wine glassesdescended slowly to the table, their contents untasted.
cigars droppedunnoticed from nerveless fingers.
each man sought his neighbor's eye,but found in it no ray of hope, no encouragement.
at last the fearfulsilence was broken.
the shadow of a desperate resolve settled uponblucher's countenance like a cloud, and he rose up and said:"landlord, this is a low, mean swindle, and i'll never, never stand it.
here's a hundred and fifty dollars, sir, and it's all you'll get--i'llswim in blood before i'll pay a cent more."
our spirits rose and the landlord's fell--at least we thought so; he wasconfused, at any rate, notwithstanding he had not understood a word thathad been said.
he glanced from the little pile of gold pieces to blucherseveral times and then went out.
he must have visited an american, forwhen he returned, he brought back his bill translated into a languagethat a christian could understand--thus:10 dinners, 6,000 reis, or .
.$6.0025 cigars, 2,500 reis, or .
2.5011 bottles wine, 13,200 reis, or  13.20total 21,700 reis, or .
$21.70happiness reigned once more in blucher's dinner party.
more refreshmentswere ordered.
i think the azores must be very little known in america.
out of ourwhole ship's company there was not a solitary individual who knewanything whatever about them.
some of the party, well read concerningmost other lands, had no other information about the azores than thatthey were a group of nine or ten small islands far out in the atlantic,something more than halfway between new york and gibraltar.
these considerations move me to put in a paragraph of dry factsjust here.
the community is eminently portuguese--that is to say, it is slow, poor,shiftless, sleepy, and lazy.
there is a civil governor, appointed by theking of portugal, and also a military governor, who can assume supremecontrol and suspend the civil government at his pleasure.
the islandscontain a population of about 200,000, almost entirely portuguese.
everything is staid and settled, for the country was one hundred yearsold when columbus discovered america.
the principal crop is corn, andthey raise it and grind it just as their great-great-great-grandfathersdid.
they plow with a board slightly shod with iron; their triflinglittle harrows are drawn by men and women; small windmills grind thecorn, ten bushels a day, and there is one assistant superintendent tofeed the mill and a general superintendent to stand by and keep him fromgoing to sleep.
when the wind changes they hitch on some donkeys andactually turn the whole upper half of the mill around until the sails arein proper position, instead of fixing the concern so that the sails couldbe moved instead of the mill.
oxen tread the wheat from the ear, afterthe fashion prevalent in the time of methuselah.
there is not awheelbarrow in the land--they carry everything on their heads, or ondonkeys, or in a wicker-bodied cart, whose wheels are solid blocks ofwood and whose axles turn with the wheel.
there is not a modern plow inthe islands or a threshing machine.
all attempts to introduce them havefailed.
the good catholic portuguese crossed himself and prayed god toshield him from all blasphemous desire to know more than his father didbefore him.
the climate is mild; they never have snow or ice, and i sawno chimneys in the town.
the donkeys and the men, women, and children ofa family all eat and sleep in the same room, and are unclean, are ravagedby vermin, and are truly happy.
the people lie, and cheat the stranger,and are desperately ignorant, and have hardly any reverence for theirdead.
the latter trait shows how little better they are than the donkeysthey eat and sleep with.
the only well-dressed portuguese in the campare the half a dozen well-to-do families, the jesuit priests, and thesoldiers of the little garrison.
the wages of a laborer are twenty totwenty-four cents a day, and those of a good mechanic about twice asmuch.
they count it in reis at a thousand to the dollar, and this makesthem rich and contented.
fine grapes used to grow in the islands, and anexcellent wine was made and exported.
but a disease killed all the vinesfifteen years ago, and since that time no wine has been made.
theislands being wholly of volcanic origin, the soil is necessarily veryrich.
nearly every foot of ground is under cultivation, and two or threecrops a year of each article are produced, but nothing is exported save afew oranges--chiefly to england.
nobody comes here, and nobody goesaway.
news is a thing unknown in fayal.
a thirst for it is a passionequally unknown.
a portuguese of average intelligence inquired if ourcivil war was over.
because, he said, somebody had told him it was--orat least it ran in his mind that somebody had told him something likethat!
and when a passenger gave an officer of the garrison copies of thetribune, the herald, and times, he was surprised to find later news inthem from lisbon than he had just received by the little monthly steamer.
he was told that it came by cable.
he said he knew they had tried to laya cable ten years ago, but it had been in his mind somehow that theyhadn't succeeded!
it is in communities like this that jesuit humbuggery flourishes.
wevisited a jesuit cathedral nearly two hundred years old and found in it apiece of the veritable cross upon which our saviour was crucified.
itwas polished and hard, and in as excellent a state of preservation as ifthe dread tragedy on calvary had occurred yesterday instead of eighteencenturies ago.
but these confiding people believe in that piece of woodunhesitatingly.
in a chapel of the cathedral is an altar with facings of solid silver--atleast they call it so, and i think myself it would go a couple of hundredto the ton (to speak after the fashion of the silver miners)--and beforeit is kept forever burning a small lamp.
a devout lady who died, leftmoney and contracted for unlimited masses for the repose of her soul, andalso stipulated that this lamp should be kept lighted always, day andnight.
she did all this before she died, you understand.
it is a verysmall lamp and a very dim one, and it could not work her much damage, ithink, if it went out altogether.
the great altar of the cathedral and also three or four minor ones are aperfect mass of gilt gimcracks and gingerbread.
and they have a swarm ofrusty, dusty, battered apostles standing around the filagree work, someon one leg and some with one eye out but a gamey look in the other, andsome with two or three fingers gone, and some with not enough nose leftto blow--all of them crippled and discouraged, and fitter subjects forthe hospital than the cathedral.
the walls of the chancel are of porcelain, all pictured over with figuresof almost life size, very elegantly wrought and dressed in the fancifulcostumes of two centuries ago.
the design was a history of something orsomebody, but none of us were learned enough to read the story.
the oldfather, reposing under a stone close by, dated 1686, might have told usif he could have risen.
but he didn't.
as we came down through the town we encountered a squad of little donkeysready saddled for use.
the saddles were peculiar, to say the least.
they consisted of a sort of saw-buck with a small mattress on it, andthis furniture covered about half the donkey.
there were no stirrups,but really such supports were not needed--to use such a saddle was thenext thing to riding a dinner table--there was ample support clear out toone's knee joints.
a pack of ragged portuguese muleteers crowded aroundus, offering their beasts at half a dollar an hour--more rascality to thestranger, for the market price is sixteen cents.
half a dozen of usmounted the ungainly affairs and submitted to the indignity of making aridiculous spectacle of ourselves through the principal streets of a townof 10,000 inhabitants.
it was not a trot, a gallop, or a canter, but a stampede,and made up of all possible or conceivable gaits.
no spurs werenecessary.
there was a muleteer to every donkey and a dozen volunteersbeside, and they banged the donkeys with their goad sticks, and prickedthem with their spikes, and shouted something that sounded like"sekki-yah!"
and kept up a din and a racket that was worse than bedlamitself.
these rascals were all on foot, but no matter, they were alwaysup to time--they can outrun and outlast a donkey.
altogether, ours wasa lively and a picturesque procession, and drew crowded audiences to thebalconies wherever we went.
blucher could do nothing at all with his donkey.
the beast scamperedzigzag across the road and the others ran into him; he scraped blucheragainst carts and the corners of houses; the road was fenced in with highstone walls, and the donkey gave him a polishing first on one side andthen on the other, but never once took the middle; he finally came to thehouse he was born in and darted into the parlor, scraping blucher off atthe doorway.
after remounting, blucher said to the muleteer, "now,that's enough, you know; you go slow hereafter."
but the fellow knew no english and did not understand, so he simply said,"sekki-yah!"
and the donkey was off again like a shot.
he turned a cornersuddenly, and blucher went over his head.
and, to speak truly, everymule stumbled over the two, and the whole cavalcade was piled up in aheap.
no harm done.
a fall from one of those donkeys is of little moreconsequence than rolling off a sofa.
the donkeys all stood still afterthe catastrophe and waited for their dismembered saddles to be patched upand put on by the noisy muleteers.
blucher was pretty angry and wantedto swear, but every time he opened his mouth his animal did so also andlet off a series of brays that drowned all other sounds.
it was fun, scurrying around the breezy hills and through the beautifulcanyons.
there was that rare thing, novelty, about it; it was a fresh,new, exhilarating sensation, this donkey riding, and worth a hundred wornand threadbare home pleasures.
the roads were a wonder, and well they might be.
here was an island withonly a handful of people in it--25,000--and yet such fine roads do notexist in the united states outside of central park.
everywhere you go,in any direction, you find either a hard, smooth, level thoroughfare,just sprinkled with black lava sand, and bordered with little guttersneatly paved with small smooth pebbles, or compactly paved ones likebroadway.
they talk much of the russ pavement in new york, and call it anew invention--yet here they have been using it in this remote littleisle of the sea for two hundred years!
every street in horta ishandsomely paved with the heavy russ blocks, and the surface is neat andtrue as a floor--not marred by holes like broadway.
and every road isfenced in by tall, solid lava walls, which will last a thousand years inthis land where frost is unknown.
they are very thick, and are oftenplastered and whitewashed and capped with projecting slabs of cut stone.
trees from gardens above hang their swaying tendrils down, and contrasttheir bright green with the whitewash or the black lava of the walls andmake them beautiful.
the trees and vines stretch across these narrowroadways sometimes and so shut out the sun that you seem to be ridingthrough a tunnel.
the pavements, the roads, and the bridges are allgovernment work.
the bridges are of a single span--a single arch--of cut stone, without asupport, and paved on top with flags of lava and ornamental pebblework.
everywhere are walls, walls, walls, and all of them tasteful andhandsome--and eternally substantial; and everywhere are those marvelouspavements, so neat, so smooth, and so indestructible.
and if ever roadsand streets and the outsides of houses were perfectly free from any signor semblance of dirt, or dust, or mud, or uncleanliness of any kind, itis horta, it is fayal.
the lower classes of the people, in their personsand their domiciles, are not clean--but there it stops--the town and theisland are miracles of cleanliness.
we arrived home again finally, after a ten-mile excursion, and theirrepressible muleteers scampered at our heels through the main street,goading the donkeys, shouting the everlasting "sekki-yah," and singing"john brown's body" in ruinous english.
when we were dismounted and it came to settling, the shouting and jawingand swearing and quarreling among the muleteers and with us was nearlydeafening.
one fellow would demand a dollar an hour for the use of hisdonkey; another claimed half a dollar for pricking him up, another aquarter for helping in that service, and about fourteen guides presentedbills for showing us the way through the town and its environs; and everyvagrant of them was more vociferous, and more vehement and more franticin gesture than his neighbor.
we paid one guide and paid for onemuleteer to each donkey.
the mountains on some of the islands are very high.
we sailed along theshore of the island of pico, under a stately green pyramid that rose upwith one unbroken sweep from our very feet to an altitude of 7,613 feet,and thrust its summit above the white clouds like an island adrift in afog!
we got plenty of fresh oranges, lemons, figs, apricots, etc., in theseazores, of course.
but i will desist.
i am not here to write patentoffice reports.
we are on our way to gibraltar, and shall reach there five or six daysout from the azores.
a week of buffeting a tempestuous and relentless sea; a week ofseasickness and deserted cabins; of lonely quarterdecks drenched withspray--spray so ambitious that it even coated the smokestacks thick witha white crust of salt to their very tops; a week of shivering in theshelter of the lifeboats and deckhouses by day and blowing suffocating"clouds" and boisterously performing at dominoes in the smoking room atnight.
and the last night of the seven was the stormiest of all.
there was nothunder, no noise but the pounding bows of the ship, the keen whistlingof the gale through the cordage, and the rush of the seething waters.
but the vessel climbed aloft as if she would climb to heaven--then pausedan instant that seemed a century and plunged headlong down again, as froma precipice.
the sheeted sprays drenched the decks like rain.
theblackness of darkness was everywhere.
at long intervals a flash oflightning clove it with a quivering line of fire that revealed a heavingworld of water where was nothing before, kindled the dusky cordage toglittering silver, and lit up the faces of the men with a ghastly luster!
fear drove many on deck that were used to avoiding the night winds andthe spray.
some thought the vessel could not live through the night, andit seemed less dreadful to stand out in the midst of the wild tempest andsee the peril that threatened than to be shut up in the sepulchralcabins, under the dim lamps, and imagine the horrors that were abroad onthe ocean.
and once out--once where they could see the ship strugglingin the strong grasp of the storm--once where they could hear the shriekof the winds and face the driving spray and look out upon the majesticpicture the lightnings disclosed, they were prisoners to a fiercefascination they could not resist, and so remained.
it was a wild night--and a very, very long one.
everybody was sent scampering to the deck at seven o'clock this lovelymorning of the thirtieth of june with the glad news that land was insight!
it was a rare thing and a joyful, to see all the ship's familyabroad once more, albeit the happiness that sat upon every countenancecould only partly conceal the ravages which that long siege of storms hadwrought there.
but dull eyes soon sparkled with pleasure, pallid cheeksflushed again, and frames weakened by sickness gathered new life from thequickening influences of the bright, fresh morning.
yea, and from astill more potent influence: the worn castaways were to see the blessedland again!--and to see it was to bring back that motherland that was inall their thoughts.
within the hour we were fairly within the straits of gibraltar, the tallyellow-splotched hills of africa on our right, with their bases veiled ina blue haze and their summits swathed in clouds--the same being accordingto scripture, which says that "clouds and darkness are over the land."
the words were spoken of this particular portion of africa, i believe.
on our left were the granite-ribbed domes of old spain.
the strait isonly thirteen miles wide in its narrowest part.
at short intervals along the spanish shore were quaint-looking old stonetowers--moorish, we thought--but learned better afterwards.
in formertimes the morocco rascals used to coast along the spanish main in theirboats till a safe opportunity seemed to present itself, and then dart inand capture a spanish village and carry off all the pretty women theycould find.
it was a pleasant business, and was very popular.
thespaniards built these watchtowers on the hills to enable them to keep asharper lookout on the moroccan speculators.
the picture on the other hand was very beautiful to eyes weary of thechangeless sea, and by and by the ship's company grew wonderfullycheerful.
but while we stood admiring the cloud-capped peaks and thelowlands robed in misty gloom a finer picture burst upon us and chainedevery eye like a magnet--a stately ship, with canvas piled on canvas tillshe was one towering mass of bellying sail!
she came speeding over thesea like a great bird.
africa and spain were forgotten.
all homage wasfor the beautiful stranger.
while everybody gazed she swept superbly byand flung the stars and stripes to the breeze!
quicker than thought,hats and handkerchiefs flashed in the air, and a cheer went up!
she wasbeautiful before--she was radiant now.
many a one on our decks knew thenfor the first time how tame a sight his country's flag is at homecompared to what it is in a foreign land.
to see it is to see a visionof home itself and all its idols, and feel a thrill that would stir avery river of sluggish blood!
we were approaching the famed pillars of hercules, and already theafrican one, "ape's hill," a grand old mountain with summit streaked withgranite ledges, was in sight.
the other, the great rock of gibraltar,was yet to come.
the ancients considered the pillars of hercules thehead of navigation and the end of the world.
the information theancients didn't have was very voluminous.
even the prophets wrote bookafter book and epistle after epistle, yet never once hinted at theexistence of a great continent on our side of the water; yet they musthave known it was there, i should think.
in a few moments a lonely and enormous mass of rock, standing seeminglyin the center of the wide strait and apparently washed on all sides bythe sea, swung magnificently into view, and we needed no tedious traveledparrot to tell us it was gibraltar.
there could not be two rocks likethat in one kingdom.
the rock of gibraltar is about a mile and a half long, i should say, by1,400 to 1,500 feet high, and a quarter of a mile wide at its base.
oneside and one end of it come about as straight up out of the sea as theside of a house, the other end is irregular and the other side is a steepslant which an army would find very difficult to climb.
at the foot ofthis slant is the walled town of gibraltar--or rather the town occupiespart of the slant.
everywhere--on hillside, in the precipice, by thesea, on the heights--everywhere you choose to look, gibraltar is cladwith masonry and bristling with guns.
it makes a striking and livelypicture from whatsoever point you contemplate it.
it is pushed out intothe sea on the end of a flat, narrow strip of land, and is suggestive ofa "gob" of mud on the end of a shingle.
a few hundred yards of this flatground at its base belongs to the english, and then, extending across thestrip from the atlantic to the mediterranean, a distance of a quarter ofa mile, comes the "neutral ground," a space two or three hundred yardswide, which is free to both parties.
"are you going through spain to paris?"
that question was bandied aboutthe ship day and night from fayal to gibraltar, and i thought i nevercould get so tired of hearing any one combination of words again or moretired of answering, "i don't know."
at the last moment six or seven hadsufficient decision of character to make up their minds to go, and didgo, and i felt a sense of relief at once--it was forever too late now andi could make up my mind at my leisure not to go.
i must have aprodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes tomake it up.
but behold how annoyances repeat themselves.
we had no sooner gotten ridof the spain distress than the gibraltar guides started another--atiresome repetition of a legend that had nothing very astonishing aboutit, even in the first place: "that high hill yonder is called the queen'schair; it is because one of the queens of spain placed her chair therewhen the french and spanish troops were besieging gibraltar, and said shewould never move from the spot till the english flag was lowered from thefortresses.
if the english hadn't been gallant enough to lower the flagfor a few hours one day, she'd have had to break her oath or die upthere."
we rode on asses and mules up the steep, narrow streets and entered thesubterranean galleries the english have blasted out in the rock.
thesegalleries are like spacious railway tunnels, and at short intervals inthem great guns frown out upon sea and town through portholes five or sixhundred feet above the ocean.
there is a mile or so of this subterraneanwork, and it must have cost a vast deal of money and labor.
the galleryguns command the peninsula and the harbors of both oceans, but they mightas well not be there, i should think, for an army could hardly climb theperpendicular wall of the rock anyhow.
those lofty portholes affordsuperb views of the sea, though.
at one place, where a jutting crag washollowed out into a great chamber whose furniture was huge cannon andwhose windows were portholes, a glimpse was caught of a hill not faraway, and a soldier said:"that high hill yonder is called the queen's chair; it is because a queenof spain placed her chair there once when the french and spanish troopswere besieging gibraltar, and said she would never move from the spottill the english flag was lowered from the fortresses.
if the englishhadn't been gallant enough to lower the flag for a few hours one day,she'd have had to break her oath or die up there."
on the topmost pinnacle of gibraltar we halted a good while, and no doubtthe mules were tired.
they had a right to be.
the military road wasgood, but rather steep, and there was a good deal of it.
the view fromthe narrow ledge was magnificent; from it vessels seeming like thetiniest little toy boats were turned into noble ships by the telescopes,and other vessels that were fifty miles away and even sixty, they said,and invisible to the naked eye, could be clearly distinguished throughthose same telescopes.
below, on one side, we looked down upon anendless mass of batteries and on the other straight down to the sea.
while i was resting ever so comfortably on a rampart, and cooling mybaking head in the delicious breeze, an officious guide belonging toanother party came up and said:"senor, that high hill yonder is called the queen's chair--""sir, i am a helpless orphan in a foreign land.
have pity on me.
don't--now don't inflict that most in-fernal old legend on me anymore today!"
there--i had used strong language after promising i would never do soagain; but the provocation was more than human nature could bear.
if youhad been bored so, when you had the noble panorama of spain and africaand the blue mediterranean spread abroad at your feet, and wanted to gazeand enjoy and surfeit yourself in its beauty in silence, you might haveeven burst into stronger language than i did.
gibraltar has stood several protracted sieges, one of them of nearly fouryears' duration (it failed), and the english only captured it bystratagem.
the wonder is that anybody should ever dream of trying soimpossible a project as the taking it by assault--and yet it has beentried more than once.
the moors held the place twelve hundred years ago, and a staunch oldcastle of theirs of that date still frowns from the middle of the town,with moss-grown battlements and sides well scarred by shots fired inbattles and sieges that are forgotten now.
a secret chamber in the rockbehind it was discovered some time ago, which contained a sword ofexquisite workmanship, and some quaint old armor of a fashion thatantiquaries are not acquainted with, though it is supposed to be roman.
roman armor and roman relics of various kinds have been found in a cavein the sea extremity of gibraltar; history says rome held this part ofthe country about the christian era, and these things seem to confirm thestatement.
in that cave also are found human bones, crusted with a very thick, stonycoating, and wise men have ventured to say that those men not only livedbefore the flood, but as much as ten thousand years before it.
it may betrue--it looks reasonable enough--but as long as those parties can't voteanymore, the matter can be of no great public interest.
in this cavelikewise are found skeletons and fossils of animals that exist in everypart of africa, yet within memory and tradition have never existed in anyportion of spain save this lone peak of gibraltar!
so the theory is thatthe channel between gibraltar and africa was once dry land, and that thelow, neutral neck between gibraltar and the spanish hills behind it wasonce ocean, and of course that these african animals, being over atgibraltar (after rock, perhaps--there is plenty there), got closed outwhen the great change occurred.
the hills in africa, across the channel,are full of apes, and there are now and always have been apes on the rockof gibraltar--but not elsewhere in spain!
the subject is an interestingone.
there is an english garrison at gibraltar of 6,000 or 7,000 men, and souniforms of flaming red are plenty; and red and blue, and undresscostumes of snowy white, and also the queer uniform of the bare-kneedhighlander; and one sees soft-eyed spanish girls from san roque, andveiled moorish beauties (i suppose they are beauties) from tarifa, andturbaned, sashed, and trousered moorish merchants from fez, andlong-robed, bare-legged, ragged muhammadan vagabonds from tetuan andtangier, some brown, some yellow and some as black as virgin ink--andjews from all around, in gabardine, skullcap, and slippers, just as theyare in pictures and theaters, and just as they were three thousand yearsago, no doubt.
you can easily understand that a tribe (somehow ourpilgrims suggest that expression, because they march in a stragglingprocession through these foreign places with such an indian-like air ofcomplacency and independence about them) like ours, made up from fifteenor sixteen states of the union, found enough to stare at in thisshifting panorama of fashion today.
speaking of our pilgrims reminds me that we have one or two people amongus who are sometimes an annoyance.
however, i do not count the oracle inthat list.
i will explain that the oracle is an innocent old ass whoeats for four and looks wiser than the whole academy of france would haveany right to look, and never uses a one-syllable word when he can thinkof a longer one, and never by any possible chance knows the meaning ofany long word he uses or ever gets it in the right place; yet he willserenely venture an opinion on the most abstruse subject and back it upcomplacently with quotations from authors who never existed, and finallywhen cornered will slide to the other side of the question, say he hasbeen there all the time, and come back at you with your own spokenarguments, only with the big words all tangled, and play them in yourvery teeth as original with himself.
he reads a chapter in theguidebooks, mixes the facts all up, with his bad memory, and then goesoff to inflict the whole mess on somebody as wisdom which has beenfestering in his brain for years and which he gathered in college fromerudite authors who are dead now and out of print.
this morning atbreakfast he pointed out of the window and said:"do you see that there hill out there on that african coast?
it's one ofthem pillows of herkewls, i should say--and there's the ultimate onealongside of it."
"the ultimate one--that is a good word--but the pillars are not both onthe same side of the strait."
(i saw he had been deceived by acarelessly written sentence in the guidebook.)
"well, it ain't for you to say, nor for me.
some authors states it thatway, and some states it different.
old gibbons don't say nothing aboutit--just shirks it complete--gibbons always done that when he got stuck--but there is rolampton, what does he say?
why, he says that they wasboth on the same side, and trinculian, and sobaster, and syraccus, andlangomarganbl----""oh, that will do--that's enough.
if you have got your hand in forinventing authors and testimony, i have nothing more to say--let them beon the same side."
we don't mind the oracle.
we rather like him.
we can tolerate theoracle very easily, but we have a poet and a good-natured enterprisingidiot on board, and they do distress the company.
the one gives copiesof his verses to consuls, commanders, hotel keepers, arabs, dutch--toanybody, in fact, who will submit to a grievous infliction most kindlymeant.
his poetry is all very well on shipboard, notwithstanding when hewrote an "ode to the ocean in a storm" in one half hour, and an"apostrophe to the rooster in the waist of the ship" in the next, thetransition was considered to be rather abrupt; but when he sends aninvoice of rhymes to the governor of fayal and another to the commanderin chief and other dignitaries in gibraltar with the compliments of thelaureate of the ship, it is not popular with the passengers.
the other personage i have mentioned is young and green, and not bright,not learned, and not wise.
he will be, though, someday if he recollectsthe answers to all his questions.
he is known about the ship as the"interrogation point," and this by constant use has become shortened to"interrogation."
he has distinguished himself twice already.
in fayalthey pointed out a hill and told him it was 800 feet high and 1,100 feetlong.
and they told him there was a tunnel 2,000 feet long and 1,000feet high running through the hill, from end to end.
he believed it.
herepeated it to everybody, discussed it, and read it from his notes.
finally, he took a useful hint from this remark, which a thoughtful oldpilgrim made:"well, yes, it is a little remarkable--singular tunnel altogether--standsup out of the top of the hill about two hundred feet, and one end of itsticks out of the hill about nine hundred!"
here in gibraltar he corners these educated british officers and badgersthem with braggadocio about america and the wonders she can perform!
hetold one of them a couple of our gunboats could come here and knockgibraltar into the mediterranean sea!
at this present moment half a dozen of us are taking a private pleasureexcursion of our own devising.
we form rather more than half the list ofwhite passengers on board a small steamer bound for the venerable moorishtown of tangier, africa.
nothing could be more absolutely certain thanthat we are enjoying ourselves.
one can not do otherwise who speeds overthese sparkling waters and breathes the soft atmosphere of this sunnyland.
care cannot assail us here.
we are out of its jurisdiction.
we even steamed recklessly by the frowning fortress of malabat(a stronghold of the emperor of morocco) without a twinge of fear.
the whole garrison turned out under arms and assumed a threateningattitude--yet still we did not fear.
the entire garrison marched andcounter-marched within the rampart, in full view--yet notwithstandingeven this, we never flinched.
i suppose we really do not know what fear is.
i inquired the name of thegarrison of the fortress of malabat, and they said it was mehemet ali bensancom.
i said it would be a good idea to get some more garrisons tohelp him; but they said no, he had nothing to do but hold the place, andhe was competent to do that, had done it two years already.
that wasevidence which one could not well refute.
there is nothing likereputation.
every now and then my glove purchase in gibraltar last night intrudesitself upon me.
dan and the ship's surgeon and i had been up to thegreat square, listening to the music of the fine military bands andcontemplating english and spanish female loveliness and fashion, and atnine o'clock were on our way to the theater, when we met the general, thejudge, the commodore, the colonel, and the commissioner of the unitedstates of america to europe, asia, and africa, who had been to the clubhouse to register their several titles and impoverish the bill of fare;and they told us to go over to the little variety store near the hall ofjustice and buy some kid gloves.
they said they were elegant and verymoderate in price.
it seemed a stylish thing to go to the theater in kidgloves, and we acted upon the hint.
a very handsome young lady in thestore offered me a pair of blue gloves.
i did not want blue, but shesaid they would look very pretty on a hand like mine.
the remark touchedme tenderly.
i glanced furtively at my hand, and somehow it did seemrather a comely member.
i tried a glove on my left and blushed a little.
manifestly the size was too small for me.
but i felt gratified when shesaid:"oh, it is just right!"
yet i knew it was no such thing.
i tugged at it diligently, but it was discouraging work.
i see you are accustomed to wearing kid gloves--but some gentlemenare so awkward about putting them on."
it was the last compliment i had expected.
i only understand putting onthe buckskin article perfectly.
i made another effort and tore the glovefrom the base of the thumb into the palm of the hand--and tried to hidethe rent.
she kept up her compliments, and i kept up my determination todeserve them or die:"ah, you have had experience!
[a rip down the back of the hand.]
theyare just right for you--your hand is very small--if they tear you neednot pay for them.
[a rent across the middle.]
i can always tell when agentleman understands putting on kid gloves.
there is a grace about itthat only comes with long practice."
the whole after-guard of the glove"fetched away," as the sailors say, the fabric parted across theknuckles, and nothing was left but a melancholy ruin.
i was too much flattered to make an exposure and throw the merchandise onthe angel's hands.
i was hot, vexed, confused, but still happy; but ihated the other boys for taking such an absorbing interest in theproceedings.
i wished they were in jericho.
i felt exquisitely meanwhen i said cheerfully:"this one does very well; it fits elegantly.
i like a glove that fits.
no, never mind, ma'am, never mind; i'll put the other on in the street.
it is warm here."
it was warm.
it was the warmest place i ever was in.
i paid the bill,and as i passed out with a fascinating bow i thought i detected a lightin the woman's eye that was gently ironical; and when i looked back fromthe street, and she was laughing all to herself about something or other,i said to myself with withering sarcasm, "oh, certainly; you know how toput on kid gloves, don't you?
a self-complacent ass, ready to beflattered out of your senses by every petticoat that chooses to take thetrouble to do it!"
the silence of the boys annoyed me.
finally dan said musingly:"some gentlemen don't know how to put on kid gloves at all, but some do."
and the doctor said (to the moon, i thought):"but it is always easy to tell when a gentleman is used to putting on kidgloves."
dan soliloquized after a pause:"ah, yes; there is a grace about it that only comes with long, very longpractice."
"yes, indeed, i've noticed that when a man hauls on a kid glove like hewas dragging a cat out of an ash hole by the tail, he understands puttingon kid gloves; he's had ex--""boys, enough of a thing's enough!
you think you are very smart, isuppose, but i don't.
and if you go and tell any of those old gossips inthe ship about this thing, i'll never forgive you for it; that's all."
they let me alone then for the time being.
we always let each otheralone in time to prevent ill feeling from spoiling a joke.
but they hadbought gloves, too, as i did.
we threw all the purchases away togetherthis morning.
they were coarse, unsubstantial, freckled all over withbroad yellow splotches, and could neither stand wear nor publicexhibition.
we had entertained an angel unawares, but we did not takeher in.
she did that for us.
a tribe of stalwart moors are wading into the sea to carry usashore on their backs from the small boats.
this is royal!
let those who went up through spain make the best of it--these dominions of the emperor of morocco suit our little party wellenough.
we have had enough of spain at gibraltar for the present.
tangier is the spot we have been longing for all the time.
elsewhere wehave found foreign-looking things and foreign-looking people, but alwayswith things and people intermixed that we were familiar with before, andso the novelty of the situation lost a deal of its force.
we wantedsomething thoroughly and uncompromisingly foreign--foreign from top tobottom--foreign from center to circumference--foreign inside and outsideand all around--nothing anywhere about it to dilute its foreignness--nothing to remind us of any other people or any other land under the sun.
in tangier we have found it.
here is not the slightest thingthat ever we have seen save in pictures--and we always mistrusted thepictures before.
we cannot anymore.
the pictures used to seemexaggerations--they seemed too weird and fanciful for reality.
butbehold, they were not wild enough--they were not fanciful enough--theyhave not told half the story.
tangier is a foreign land if ever therewas one, and the true spirit of it can never be found in any book savethe arabian nights.
here are no white men visible, yet swarms ofhumanity are all about us.
here is a packed and jammed city enclosed ina massive stone wall which is more than a thousand years old.
all thehouses nearly are one-and two-story, made of thick walls of stone,plastered outside, square as a dry-goods box, flat as a floor on top, nocornices, whitewashed all over--a crowded city of snowy tombs!
and thedoors are arched with the peculiar arch we see in moorish pictures; thefloors are laid in varicolored diamond flags; in tesselated, many-coloredporcelain squares wrought in the furnaces of fez; in red tiles and broadbricks that time cannot wear; there is no furniture in the rooms (ofjewish dwellings) save divans--what there is in moorish ones no man mayknow; within their sacred walls no christian dog can enter.
and thestreets are oriental--some of them three feet wide, some six, but onlytwo that are over a dozen; a man can blockade the most of them byextending his body across them.
isn't it an oriental picture?
there are stalwart bedouins of the desert here, and stately moors proudof a history that goes back to the night of time; and jews whose fathersfled hither centuries upon centuries ago; and swarthy riffians from themountains--born cut-throats--and original, genuine negroes as black asmoses; and howling dervishes and a hundred breeds of arabs--all sorts anddescriptions of people that are foreign and curious to look upon.
and their dresses are strange beyond all description.
here is a bronzedmoor in a prodigious white turban, curiously embroidered jacket, gold andcrimson sash, of many folds, wrapped round and round his waist, trousersthat only come a little below his knee and yet have twenty yards of stuffin them, ornamented scimitar, bare shins, stockingless feet, yellowslippers, and gun of preposterous length--a mere soldier!--i thought hewas the emperor at least.
and here are aged moors with flowing whitebeards and long white robes with vast cowls; and bedouins with long,cowled, striped cloaks; and negroes and riffians with heads clean-shavenexcept a kinky scalp lock back of the ear or, rather, upon the aftercorner of the skull; and all sorts of barbarians in all sorts of weirdcostumes, and all more or less ragged.
and here are moorish women whoare enveloped from head to foot in coarse white robes, and whose sex canonly be determined by the fact that they only leave one eye visible andnever look at men of their own race, or are looked at by them in public.
here are five thousand jews in blue gabardines, sashes about theirwaists, slippers upon their feet, little skullcaps upon the backs oftheir heads, hair combed down on the forehead, and cut straight acrossthe middle of it from side to side--the selfsame fashion their tangierancestors have worn for i don't know how many bewildering centuries.
their feet and ankles are bare.
their noses are all hooked, and hookedalike.
they all resemble each other so much that one could almostbelieve they were of one family.
their women are plump and pretty, anddo smile upon a christian in a way which is in the last degreecomforting.
what a funny old town it is!
it seems like profanation to laugh and jestand bandy the frivolous chat of our day amid its hoary relics.
only thestately phraseology and the measured speech of the sons of the prophetare suited to a venerable antiquity like this.
here is a crumbling wallthat was old when columbus discovered america; was old when peter thehermit roused the knightly men of the middle ages to arm for the firstcrusade; was old when charlemagne and his paladins beleaguered enchantedcastles and battled with giants and genii in the fabled days of the oldentime; was old when christ and his disciples walked the earth; stood whereit stands today when the lips of memnon were vocal and men bought andsold in the streets of ancient thebes!
the phoenicians, the carthagenians, the english, moors, romans, all havebattled for tangier--all have won it and lost it.
here is a ragged,oriental-looking negro from some desert place in interior africa, fillinghis goatskin with water from a stained and battered fountain built by theromans twelve hundred years ago.
yonder is a ruined arch of a bridgebuilt by julius caesar nineteen hundred years ago.
men who had seen theinfant saviour in the virgin's arms have stood upon it, maybe.
near it are the ruins of a dockyard where caesar repaired his ships andloaded them with grain when he invaded britain, fifty years before thechristian era.
here, under the quiet stars, these old streets seem thronged with thephantoms of forgotten ages.
my eyes are resting upon a spot where stooda monument which was seen and described by roman historians less than twothousand years ago, whereon was inscribed:               "we are the canaanites.
we are they that               have been driven out of the land of canaan               by the jewish robber, joshua."
joshua drove them out, and they came here.
not many leagues from here isa tribe of jews whose ancestors fled thither after an unsuccessful revoltagainst king david, and these their descendants are still under a ban andkeep to themselves.
tangier has been mentioned in history for three thousand years.
and itwas a town, though a queer one, when hercules, clad in his lion skin,landed here, four thousand years ago.
in these streets he met anitus,the king of the country, and brained him with his club, which was thefashion among gentlemen in those days.
the people of tangier (calledtingis then) lived in the rudest possible huts and dressed in skins andcarried clubs, and were as savage as the wild beasts they were constantlyobliged to war with.
but they were a gentlemanly race and did no work.
they lived on the natural products of the land.
their king's countryresidence was at the famous garden of hesperides, seventy miles down thecoast from here.
the garden, with its golden apples (oranges), is gonenow--no vestige of it remains.
antiquarians concede that such apersonage as hercules did exist in ancient times and agree that he was anenterprising and energetic man, but decline to believe him a good,bona-fide god, because that would be unconstitutional.
down here at cape spartel is the celebrated cave of hercules, where thathero took refuge when he was vanquished and driven out of the tangiercountry.
it is full of inscriptions in the dead languages, which factmakes me think hercules could not have traveled much, else he would nothave kept a journal.
five days' journey from here--say two hundred miles--are the ruins of anancient city, of whose history there is neither record nor tradition.
and yet its arches, its columns, and its statues proclaim it to have beenbuilt by an enlightened race.
the general size of a store in tangier is about that of an ordinaryshower bath in a civilized land.
the muhammadan merchant, tinman,shoemaker, or vendor of trifles sits cross-legged on the floor andreaches after any article you may want to buy.
you can rent a wholeblock of these pigeonholes for fifty dollars a month.
the market peoplecrowd the marketplace with their baskets of figs, dates, melons,apricots, etc., and among them file trains of laden asses, not muchlarger, if any, than a newfoundland dog.
the scene is lively, ispicturesque, and smells like a police court.
the jewish money-changershave their dens close at hand, and all day long are counting bronze coinsand transferring them from one bushel basket to another.
they don't coinmuch money nowadays, i think.
i saw none but what was dated four or fivehundred years back, and was badly worn and battered.
these coins are notvery valuable.
jack went out to get a napoleon changed, so as to havemoney suited to the general cheapness of things, and came back and saidhe had "swamped the bank, had bought eleven quarts of coin, and the headof the firm had gone on the street to negotiate for the balance of thechange."
i bought nearly half a pint of their money for a shillingmyself.
i am not proud on account of having so much money, though.
icare nothing for wealth.
the moors have some small silver coins and also some silver slugs worth adollar each.
the latter are exceedingly scarce--so much so that whenpoor ragged arabs see one they beg to be allowed to kiss it.
they have also a small gold coin worth two dollars.
and that reminds meof something.
when morocco is in a state of war, arab couriers carryletters through the country and charge a liberal postage.
every now andthen they fall into the hands of marauding bands and get robbed.
therefore, warned by experience, as soon as they have collected twodollars' worth of money they exchange it for one of those little goldpieces, and when robbers come upon them, swallow it.
the stratagem wasgood while it was unsuspected, but after that the marauders simply gavethe sagacious united states mail an emetic and sat down to wait.
the emperor of morocco is a soulless despot, and the great officers underhim are despots on a smaller scale.
there is no regular system oftaxation, but when the emperor or the bashaw want money, they levy onsome rich man, and he has to furnish the cash or go to prison.
therefore, few men in morocco dare to be rich.
it is too dangerous aluxury.
vanity occasionally leads a man to display wealth, but sooner orlater the emperor trumps up a charge against him--any sort of one willdo--and confiscates his property.
of course, there are many rich men inthe empire, but their money is buried, and they dress in rags andcounterfeit poverty.
every now and then the emperor imprisons a man whois suspected of the crime of being rich, and makes things souncomfortable for him that he is forced to discover where he has hiddenhis money.
moors and jews sometimes place themselves under the protection of theforeign consuls, and then they can flout their riches in the emperor'sface with impunity.
about the first adventure we had yesterday afternoon, after landing here,came near finishing that heedless blucher.
we had just mounted somemules and asses and started out under the guardianship of the stately,the princely, the magnificent hadji muhammad lamarty (may his tribeincrease!)
when we came upon a fine moorish mosque, with tall tower, richwith checker-work of many-colored porcelain, and every part and portionof the edifice adorned with the quaint architecture of the alhambra, andblucher started to ride into the open doorway.
a startling "hi-hi!"
fromour camp followers and a loud "halt!"
from an english gentleman in theparty checked the adventurer, and then we were informed that so dire aprofanation is it for a christian dog to set foot upon the sacredthreshold of a moorish mosque that no amount of purification can evermake it fit for the faithful to pray in again.
had blucher succeeded inentering the place, he would no doubt have been chased through the townand stoned; and the time has been, and not many years ago, either, when achristian would have been most ruthlessly slaughtered if captured in amosque.
we caught a glimpse of the handsome tessellated pavements withinand of the devotees performing their ablutions at the fountains, but eventhat we took that glimpse was a thing not relished by the moorishbystanders.
some years ago the clock in the tower of the mosque got out of order.
the moors of tangier have so degenerated that it has been long sincethere was an artificer among them capable of curing so delicate a patientas a debilitated clock.
the great men of the city met in solemn conclaveto consider how the difficulty was to be met.
they discussed the matterthoroughly but arrived at no solution.
finally, a patriarch arose andsaid:"oh, children of the prophet, it is known unto you that a portuguee dogof a christian clock mender pollutes the city of tangier with hispresence.
ye know, also, that when mosques are builded, asses bear thestones and the cement, and cross the sacred threshold.
now, therefore,send the christian dog on all fours, and barefoot, into the holy place tomend the clock, and let him go as an ass!"
and in that way it was done.
therefore, if blucher ever sees the insideof a mosque, he will have to cast aside his humanity and go in hisnatural character.
we visited the jail and found moorish prisonersmaking mats and baskets.
(this thing of utilizing crime savors ofcivilization.)
murder is punished with death.
a short time ago threemurderers were taken beyond the city walls and shot.
moorish guns arenot good, and neither are moorish marksmen.
in this instance they set upthe poor criminals at long range, like so many targets, and practiced onthem--kept them hopping about and dodging bullets for half an hour beforethey managed to drive the center.
when a man steals cattle, they cut off his right hand and left leg andnail them up in the marketplace as a warning to everybody.
their surgeryis not artistic.
they slice around the bone a little, then break off thelimb.
sometimes the patient gets well; but, as a general thing, hedon't.
however, the moorish heart is stout.
the moors were alwaysbrave.
these criminals undergo the fearful operation without a wince,without a tremor of any kind, without a groan!
no amount of sufferingcan bring down the pride of a moor or make him shame his dignity with acry.
here, marriage is contracted by the parents of the parties to it.
thereare no valentines, no stolen interviews, no riding out, no courting indim parlors, no lovers' quarrels and reconciliations--no nothing that isproper to approaching matrimony.
the young man takes the girl his fatherselects for him, marries her, and after that she is unveiled, and he seesher for the first time.
if after due acquaintance she suits him, heretains her; but if he suspects her purity, he bundles her back to herfather; if he finds her diseased, the same; or if, after just andreasonable time is allowed her, she neglects to bear children, back shegoes to the home of her childhood.
muhammadans here who can afford it keep a good many wives on hand.
theyare called wives, though i believe the koran only allows four genuinewives--the rest are concubines.
the emperor of morocco don't know howmany wives he has, but thinks he has five hundred.
however, that is nearenough--a dozen or so, one way or the other, don't matter.
even the jews in the interior have a plurality of wives.
i have caught a glimpse of the faces of several moorish women (for theyare only human, and will expose their faces for the admiration of achristian dog when no male moor is by), and i am full of veneration forthe wisdom that leads them to cover up such atrocious ugliness.
they carry their children at their backs, in a sack, like other savagesthe world over.
many of the negroes are held in slavery by the moors.
but the moment afemale slave becomes her master's concubine her bonds are broken, and assoon as a male slave can read the first chapter of the koran (whichcontains the creed) he can no longer be held in bondage.
they have three sundays a week in tangier.
the muhammadans' comes onfriday, the jews' on saturday, and that of the christian consuls onsunday.
the jews are the most radical.
the moor goes to his mosqueabout noon on his sabbath, as on any other day, removes his shoes at thedoor, performs his ablutions, makes his salaams, pressing his forehead tothe pavement time and again, says his prayers, and goes back to his work.
but the jew shuts up shop; will not touch copper or bronze money at all;soils his fingers with nothing meaner than silver and gold; attends thesynagogue devoutly; will not cook or have anything to do with fire; andreligiously refrains from embarking in any enterprise.
the moor who has made a pilgrimage to mecca is entitled to highdistinction.
men call him hadji, and he is thenceforward a greatpersonage.
hundreds of moors come to tangier every year and embark formecca.
they go part of the way in english steamers, and the ten ortwelve dollars they pay for passage is about all the trip costs.
theytake with them a quantity of food, and when the commissary departmentfails they "skirmish," as jack terms it in his sinful, slangy way.
fromthe time they leave till they get home again, they never wash, either onland or sea.
they are usually gone from five to seven months, and asthey do not change their clothes during all that time, they are totallyunfit for the drawing room when they get back.
many of them have to rake and scrape a long time to gather together theten dollars their steamer passage costs, and when one of them gets backhe is a bankrupt forever after.
few moors can ever build up theirfortunes again in one short lifetime after so reckless an outlay.
inorder to confine the dignity of hadji to gentlemen of patrician blood andpossessions, the emperor decreed that no man should make the pilgrimagesave bloated aristocrats who were worth a hundred dollars in specie.
butbehold how iniquity can circumvent the law!
for a consideration, thejewish money-changer lends the pilgrim one hundred dollars long enoughfor him to swear himself through, and then receives it back before theship sails out of the harbor!
spain is the only nation the moors fear.
the reason is that spain sendsher heaviest ships of war and her loudest guns to astonish these muslims,while america and other nations send only a little contemptible tub of agunboat occasionally.
the moors, like other savages, learn by what theysee, not what they hear or read.
we have great fleets in themediterranean, but they seldom touch at african ports.
the moors have asmall opinion of england, france, and america, and put theirrepresentatives to a deal of red-tape circumlocution before they grantthem their common rights, let alone a favor.
but the moment the spanishminister makes a demand, it is acceded to at once, whether it be just ornot.
spain chastised the moors five or six years ago, about a disputed pieceof property opposite gibraltar, and captured the city of tetouan.
shecompromised on an augmentation of her territory, twenty million dollars'indemnity in money, and peace.
and then she gave up the city.
but shenever gave it up until the spanish soldiers had eaten up all the cats.
they would not compromise as long as the cats held out.
spaniards arevery fond of cats.
on the contrary, the moors reverence cats assomething sacred.
so the spaniards touched them on a tender point thattime.
their unfeline conduct in eating up all the tetouan cats aroused ahatred toward them in the breasts of the moors, to which even the drivingthem out of spain was tame and passionless.
moors and spaniards are foesforever now.
france had a minister here once who embittered the nationagainst him in the most innocent way.
he killed a couple of battalionsof cats (tangier is full of them) and made a parlor carpet out of theirhides.
he made his carpet in circles--first a circle of old graytomcats, with their tails all pointing toward the center; then a circleof yellow cats; next a circle of black cats and a circle of white ones;then a circle of all sorts of cats; and, finally, a centerpiece ofassorted kittens.
it was very beautiful, but the moors curse his memoryto this day.
when we went to call on our american consul general today i noticed thatall possible games for parlor amusement seemed to be represented on hiscenter tables.
i thought that hinted at lonesomeness.
the idea wascorrect.
his is the only american family in tangier.
there are manyforeign consuls in this place, but much visiting is not indulged in.
tangier is clear out of the world, and what is the use of visiting whenpeople have nothing on earth to talk about?
there is none.
so eachconsul's family stays at home chiefly and amuses itself as best it can.
tangier is full of interest for one day, but after that it is a wearyprison.
the consul general has been here five years, and has got enoughof it to do him for a century, and is going home shortly.
his familyseize upon their letters and papers when the mail arrives, read them overand over again for two days or three, talk them over and over again fortwo or three more till they wear them out, and after that for daystogether they eat and drink and sleep, and ride out over the same oldroad, and see the same old tiresome things that even decades of centurieshave scarcely changed, and say never a single word!
they have literallynothing whatever to talk about.
the arrival of an american man-of-war isa godsend to them.
"o solitude, where are the charms which sages haveseen in thy face?"
it is the completest exile that i can conceive of.
i would seriously recommend to the government of the united states thatwhen a man commits a crime so heinous that the law provides no adequatepunishment for it, they make him consul general to tangier.
i am glad to have seen tangier--the second-oldest town in the world.
buti am ready to bid it good-bye, i believe.
we shall go hence to gibraltar this evening or in the morning, anddoubtless the quaker city will sail from that port within the nextforty-eight hours.
we passed the fourth of july on board the quaker city, in mid-ocean.
itwas in all respects a characteristic mediterranean day--faultlesslybeautiful.
a cloudless sky; a refreshing summer wind; a radiant sunshinethat glinted cheerily from dancing wavelets instead of crested mountainsof water; a sea beneath us that was so wonderfully blue, so richly,brilliantly blue, that it overcame the dullest sensibilities with thespell of its fascination.
they even have fine sunsets on the mediterranean--a thing that iscertainly rare in most quarters of the globe.
the evening we sailed awayfrom gibraltar, that hard-featured rock was swimming in a creamy mist sorich, so soft, so enchantingly vague and dreamy, that even the oracle,that serene, that inspired, that overpowering humbug, scorned the dinnergong and tarried to worship!
he said: "well, that's gorgis, ain't it!
they don't have none of themthings in our parts, do they?
i consider that them effects is on accountof the superior refragability, as you may say, of the sun's diramiccombination with the lymphatic forces of the perihelion of jubiter.
whatshould you think?"
"oh, go to bed!"
dan said that, and went away.
"oh, yes, it's all very well to say go to bed when a man makes anargument which another man can't answer.
dan don't never stand anychance in an argument with me.
and he knows it, too.
what should yousay, jack?"
"now, doctor, don't you come bothering around me with that dictionarybosh.
i don't do you any harm, do i?
then you let me alone."
"he's gone, too.
well, them fellows have all tackled the old oracle, asthey say, but the old man's most too many for 'em.
maybe the poet lariatain't satisfied with them deductions?"
the poet replied with a barbarous rhyme and went below.
"'pears that he can't qualify, neither.
well, i didn't expect nothingout of him.
i never see one of them poets yet that knowed anything.
he'll go down now and grind out about four reams of the awfullest slushabout that old rock and give it to a consul, or a pilot, or a nigger, oranybody he comes across first which he can impose on.
pity butsomebody'd take that poor old lunatic and dig all that poetry rubbage outof him.
why can't a man put his intellect onto things that's some value?
gibbons, and hippocratus, and sarcophagus, and all them old ancientphilosophers was down on poets--""doctor," i said, "you are going to invent authorities now and i'll leaveyou, too.
i always enjoy your conversation, notwithstanding theluxuriance of your syllables, when the philosophy you offer rests on yourown responsibility; but when you begin to soar--when you begin to supportit with the evidence of authorities who are the creations of your ownfancy--i lose confidence."
that was the way to flatter the doctor.
he considered it a sort ofacknowledgment on my part of a fear to argue with him.
he was alwayspersecuting the passengers with abstruse propositions framed in languagethat no man could understand, and they endured the exquisite torture aminute or two and then abandoned the field.
a triumph like this, overhalf a dozen antagonists was sufficient for one day; from that timeforward he would patrol the decks beaming blandly upon all comers, and sotranquilly, blissfully happy!
but i digress.
the thunder of our two brave cannon announced the fourthof july, at daylight, to all who were awake.
but many of us got ourinformation at a later hour, from the almanac.
all the flags were sentaloft except half a dozen that were needed to decorate portions of theship below, and in a short time the vessel assumed a holiday appearance.
during the morning, meetings were held and all manner of committees setto work on the celebration ceremonies.
in the afternoon the ship'scompany assembled aft, on deck, under the awnings; the flute, theasthmatic melodeon, and the consumptive clarinet crippled "thestar-spangled banner," the choir chased it to cover, and george came inwith a peculiarly lacerating screech on the final note and slaughteredit.
we carried out the corpse on three cheers (that joke was not intentionaland i do not endorse it), and then the president, throned behind a cablelocker with a national flag spread over it, announced the "reader," whorose up and read that same old declaration of independence which we haveall listened to so often without paying any attention to what it said;and after that the president piped the orator of the day to quarters andhe made that same old speech about our national greatness which we soreligiously believe and so fervently applaud.
now came the choir intocourt again, with the complaining instruments, and assaulted "hailcolumbia"; and when victory hung wavering in the scale, george returnedwith his dreadful wild-goose stop turned on and the choir won, of course.
a minister pronounced the benediction, and the patriotic little gatheringdisbanded.
the fourth of july was safe, as far as the mediterranean wasconcerned.
at dinner in the evening, a well-written original poem was recited withspirit by one of the ship's captains, and thirteen regular toasts werewashed down with several baskets of champagne.
the speeches were bad--execrable almost without exception.
in fact, without any exception butone.
captain duncan made a good speech; he made the only good speech ofthe evening.
he said:"ladies and gentlemen:--may we all live to a green old age and beprosperous and happy.
steward, bring up another basket of champagne."
it was regarded as a very able effort.
the festivities, so to speak, closed with another of those miraculousballs on the promenade deck.
we were not used to dancing on an evenkeel, though, and it was only a questionable success.
but take it alltogether, it was a bright, cheerful, pleasant fourth.
toward nightfall the next evening, we steamed into the great artificialharbor of this noble city of marseilles, and saw the dying sunlight gildits clustering spires and ramparts, and flood its leagues of environingverdure with a mellow radiance that touched with an added charm the whitevillas that flecked the landscape far and near.
[copyright securedaccording to law.]
there were no stages out, and we could not get on the pier from the ship.
it was annoying.
we were full of enthusiasm--we wanted to see france!
just at nightfall our party of three contracted with a waterman for theprivilege of using his boat as a bridge--its stern was at our companionladder and its bow touched the pier.
we got in and the fellow backed outinto the harbor.
i told him in french that all we wanted was to walkover his thwarts and step ashore, and asked him what he went away outthere for.
he said he could not understand me.
still hecould not understand.
he appeared to be very ignorant of french.
thedoctor tried him, but he could not understand the doctor.
i asked thisboatman to explain his conduct, which he did; and then i couldn'tunderstand him.
dan said:"oh, go to the pier, you old fool--that's where we want to go!"
we reasoned calmly with dan that it was useless to speak to thisforeigner in english--that he had better let us conduct this business inthe french language and not let the stranger see how uncultivated he was.
"well, go on, go on," he said, "don't mind me.
i don't wish tointerfere.
only, if you go on telling him in your kind of french, henever will find out where we want to go to.
that is what i think aboutit."
we rebuked him severely for this remark and said we never knew anignorant person yet but was prejudiced.
the frenchman spoke again, andthe doctor said:"there now, dan, he says he is going to allez to the douain.
means he isgoing to the hotel.
oh, certainly--we don't know the french language."
this was a crusher, as jack would say.
it silenced further criticismfrom the disaffected member.
we coasted past the sharp bows of a navy ofgreat steamships and stopped at last at a government building on a stonepier.
it was easy to remember then that the douain was the customhouseand not the hotel.
we did not mention it, however.
with winning frenchpoliteness the officers merely opened and closed our satchels, declinedto examine our passports, and sent us on our way.
we stopped at thefirst cafe we came to and entered.
an old woman seated us at a table andwaited for orders.
the doctor said:"avez-vous du vin?"
the dame looked perplexed.
the doctor said again, with elaboratedistinctness of articulation:"avez-vous du--vin!"
the dame looked more perplexed than before.
i said:"doctor, there is a flaw in your pronunciation somewhere.
let me tryher.
madame, avez-vous du vin?--it isn't any use, doctor--take thewitness."
"madame, avez-vous du vin--du fromage--pain--pickled pigs' feet--beurre--des oeufs--du boeuf--horseradish, sauerkraut, hog and hominy--anything,anything in the world that can stay a christian stomach!"
she said:"bless you, why didn't you speak english before?
i don't know anythingabout your plagued french!"
the humiliating taunts of the disaffected member spoiled the supper, andwe dispatched it in angry silence and got away as soon as we could.
herewe were in beautiful france--in a vast stone house of quaintarchitecture--surrounded by all manner of curiously worded french signs--stared at by strangely habited, bearded french people--everythinggradually and surely forcing upon us the coveted consciousness that atlast, and beyond all question, we were in beautiful france and absorbingits nature to the forgetfulness of everything else, and coming to feelthe happy romance of the thing in all its enchanting delightfulness--andto think of this skinny veteran intruding with her vile english, at sucha moment, to blow the fair vision to the winds!
it was exasperating.
we set out to find the centre of the city, inquiring the direction everynow and then.
we never did succeed in making anybody understand justexactly what we wanted, and neither did we ever succeed in comprehendingjust exactly what they said in reply, but then they always pointed--theyalways did that--and we bowed politely and said, "merci, monsieur," andso it was a blighting triumph over the disaffected member anyway.
he wasrestive under these victories and often asked:"what did that pirate say?"
"why, he told us which way to go to find the grand casino."
"yes, but what did he say?"
"oh, it don't matter what he said--we understood him.
these are educatedpeople--not like that absurd boatman."
"well, i wish they were educated enough to tell a man a direction thatgoes some where--for we've been going around in a circle for an hour.
i've passed this same old drugstore seven times."
we said it was a low, disreputable falsehood (but we knew it was not).
it was plain that it would not do to pass that drugstore again, though--we might go on asking directions, but we must cease from followingfinger-pointings if we hoped to check the suspicions of the disaffectedmember.
a long walk through smooth, asphaltum-paved streets bordered by blocks ofvast new mercantile houses of cream-colored stone every house and everyblock precisely like all the other houses and all the other blocks for amile, and all brilliantly lighted--brought us at last to the principalthoroughfare.
on every hand were bright colors, flashing constellationsof gas burners, gaily dressed men and women thronging the sidewalks--hurry, life, activity, cheerfulness, conversation, and laughtereverywhere!
we found the grand hotel du louvre et de la paix, and wrotedown who we were, where we were born, what our occupations were, theplace we came from last, whether we were married or single, how we likedit, how old we were, where we were bound for and when we expected to getthere, and a great deal of information of similar importance--all for thebenefit of the landlord and the secret police.
we hired a guide andbegan the business of sightseeing immediately.
that first night onfrench soil was a stirring one.
i cannot think of half the places wewent to or what we particularly saw; we had no disposition to examinecarefully into anything at all--we only wanted to glance and go--to move,keep moving!
the spirit of the country was upon us.
we sat down,finally, at a late hour, in the great casino, and called for unstintedchampagne.
it is so easy to be bloated aristocrats where it costsnothing of consequence!
there were about five hundred people in thatdazzling place, i suppose, though the walls being papered entirely withmirrors, so to speak, one could not really tell but that there were ahundred thousand.
young, daintily dressed exquisites and young,stylishly dressed women, and also old gentlemen and old ladies, sat incouples and groups about innumerable marble-topped tables and ate fancysuppers, drank wine, and kept up a chattering din of conversation thatwas dazing to the senses.
there was a stage at the far end and a largeorchestra; and every now and then actors and actresses in preposterouscomic dresses came out and sang the most extravagantly funny songs, tojudge by their absurd actions; but that audience merely suspended itschatter, stared cynically, and never once smiled, never once applauded!
i had always thought that frenchmen were ready to laugh at any thing.
we are getting foreignized rapidly and with facility.
we are gettingreconciled to halls and bedchambers with unhomelike stone floors and nocarpets--floors that ring to the tread of one's heels with a sharpnessthat is death to sentimental musing.
we are getting used to tidy,noiseless waiters, who glide hither and thither, and hover about yourback and your elbows like butterflies, quick to comprehend orders, quickto fill them; thankful for a gratuity without regard to the amount; andalways polite--never otherwise than polite.
that is the strangestcuriosity yet--a really polite hotel waiter who isn't an idiot.
we aregetting used to driving right into the central court of the hotel, in themidst of a fragrant circle of vines and flowers, and in the midst also ofparties of gentlemen sitting quietly reading the paper and smoking.
weare getting used to ice frozen by artificial process in ordinary bottles--the only kind of ice they have here.
we are getting used to all thesethings, but we are not getting used to carrying our own soap.
we aresufficiently civilized to carry our own combs and toothbrushes, but thisthing of having to ring for soap every time we wash is new to us and notpleasant at all.
we think of it just after we get our heads and facesthoroughly wet or just when we think we have been in the bathtub longenough, and then, of course, an annoying delay follows.
thesemarseillaises make marseillaise hymns and marseilles vests and marseillessoap for all the world, but they never sing their hymns or wear theirvests or wash with their soap themselves.
we have learned to go through the lingering routine of the table d'hotewith patience, with serenity, with satisfaction.
we take soup, then waita few minutes for the fish; a few minutes more and the plates arechanged, and the roast beef comes; another change and we take peas;change again and take lentils; change and take snail patties (i prefergrasshoppers); change and take roast chicken and salad; then strawberrypie and ice cream; then green figs, pears, oranges, green almonds, etc.
wine with every course, of course, being in france.
with such a cargo on board, digestion is a slow process, and we must sitlong in the cool chambers and smoke--and read french newspapers, whichhave a strange fashion of telling a perfectly straight story till you getto the "nub" of it, and then a word drops in that no man can translate,and that story is ruined.
an embankment fell on some frenchmenyesterday, and the papers are full of it today--but whether thosesufferers were killed, or crippled, or bruised, or only scared is morethan i can possibly make out, and yet i would just give anything to know.
we were troubled a little at dinner today by the conduct of an american,who talked very loudly and coarsely and laughed boisterously where allothers were so quiet and well behaved.
he ordered wine with a royalflourish and said:"i never dine without wine, sir" (which was a pitiful falsehood), andlooked around upon the company to bask in the admiration he expected tofind in their faces.
all these airs in a land where they would as soonexpect to leave the soup out of the bill of fare as the wine!--in a landwhere wine is nearly as common among all ranks as water!
this fellowsaid: "i am a free-born sovereign, sir, an american, sir, and i wanteverybody to know it!"
he did not mention that he was a linealdescendant of balaam's ass, but everybody knew that without his tellingit.
we have driven in the prado--that superb avenue bordered with patricianmansions and noble shade trees--and have visited the chateau boarely andits curious museum.
they showed us a miniature cemetery there--a copy ofthe first graveyard that was ever in marseilles, no doubt.
the delicatelittle skeletons were lying in broken vaults and had their household godsand kitchen utensils with them.
the original of this cemetery was dug upin the principal street of the city a few years ago.
it had remainedthere, only twelve feet underground, for a matter of twenty-five hundredyears or thereabouts.
romulus was here before he built rome, and thoughtsomething of founding a city on this spot, but gave up the idea.
he mayhave been personally acquainted with some of these phoenicians whoseskeletons we have been examining.
in the great zoological gardens we found specimens of all the animals theworld produces, i think, including a dromedary, a monkey ornamented withtufts of brilliant blue and carmine hair--a very gorgeous monkey he was--a hippopotamus from the nile, and a sort of tall, long-legged bird with abeak like a powder horn and close-fitting wings like the tails of a dresscoat.
this fellow stood up with his eyes shut and his shoulders stoopedforward a little, and looked as if he had his hands under his coattails.
such tranquil stupidity, such supernatural gravity, suchself-righteousness, and such ineffable self-complacency as were in thecountenance and attitude of that gray-bodied, dark-winged, bald-headed,and preposterously uncomely bird!
he was so ungainly, so pimply aboutthe head, so scaly about the legs, yet so serene, so unspeakablysatisfied!
he was the most comical-looking creature that can beimagined.
it was good to hear dan and the doctor laugh--such natural andsuch enjoyable laughter had not been heard among our excursionists sinceour ship sailed away from america.
this bird was a godsend to us, and ishould be an ingrate if i forgot to make honorable mention of him inthese pages.
ours was a pleasure excursion; therefore we stayed withthat bird an hour and made the most of him.
we stirred him upoccasionally, but he only unclosed an eye and slowly closed it again,abating no jot of his stately piety of demeanor or his tremendousseriousness.
he only seemed to say, "defile not heaven's anointed withunsanctified hands."
we did not know his name, and so we called him "thepilgrim."
dan said:"all he wants now is a plymouth collection."
the boon companion of the colossal elephant was a common cat!
this cathad a fashion of climbing up the elephant's hind legs and roosting on hisback.
she would sit up there, with her paws curved under her breast, andsleep in the sun half the afternoon.
it used to annoy the elephant atfirst, and he would reach up and take her down, but she would go aft andclimb up again.
she persisted until she finally conquered the elephant'sprejudices, and now they are inseparable friends.
the cat plays abouther comrade's forefeet or his trunk often, until dogs approach, and thenshe goes aloft out of danger.
the elephant has annihilated several dogslately that pressed his companion too closely.
we hired a sailboat and a guide and made an excursion to one of the smallislands in the harbor to visit the castle d'if.
this ancient fortresshas a melancholy history.
it has been used as a prison for politicaloffenders for two or three hundred years, and its dungeon walls arescarred with the rudely carved names of many and many a captive whofretted his life away here and left no record of himself but these sadepitaphs wrought with his own hands.
how thick the names were!
andtheir long-departed owners seemed to throng the gloomy cells andcorridors with their phantom shapes.
we loitered through dungeon afterdungeon, away down into the living rock below the level of the sea, itseemed.
names everywhere!--some plebeian, some noble, some evenprincely.
plebeian, prince, and noble had one solicitude in common--theywould not be forgotten!
they could suffer solitude, inactivity, and thehorrors of a silence that no sound ever disturbed, but they could notbear the thought of being utterly forgotten by the world.
hence thecarved names.
in one cell, where a little light penetrated, a man hadlived twenty-seven years without seeing the face of a human being--livedin filth and wretchedness, with no companionship but his own thoughts,and they were sorrowful enough and hopeless enough, no doubt.
whateverhis jailers considered that he needed was conveyed to his cell by nightthrough a wicket.
this man carved the walls of his prison house from floor to roof with allmanner of figures of men and animals grouped in intricate designs.
hehad toiled there year after year, at his self-appointed task, whileinfants grew to boyhood--to vigorous youth--idled through school andcollege--acquired a profession--claimed man's mature estate--married andlooked back to infancy as to a thing of some vague, ancient time, almost.
but who shall tell how many ages it seemed to this prisoner?
with theone, time flew sometimes; with the other, never--it crawled always.
tothe one, nights spent in dancing had seemed made of minutes instead ofhours; to the other, those selfsame nights had been like all other nightsof dungeon life and seemed made of slow, dragging weeks instead of hoursand minutes.
one prisoner of fifteen years had scratched verses upon his walls, andbrief prose sentences--brief, but full of pathos.
these spoke not ofhimself and his hard estate, but only of the shrine where his spirit fledthe prison to worship--of home and the idols that were templed there.
he never lived to see them.
the walls of these dungeons are as thick as some bed-chambers at home arewide--fifteen feet.
we saw the damp, dismal cells in which two of dumas'heroes passed their confinement--heroes of "monte cristo."
it was herethat the brave abbe wrote a book with his own blood, with a pen made of apiece of iron hoop, and by the light of a lamp made out of shreds ofcloth soaked in grease obtained from his food; and then dug through thethick wall with some trifling instrument which he wrought himself out ofa stray piece of iron or table cutlery and freed dantes from his chains.
it was a pity that so many weeks of dreary labor should have come tonaught at last.
they showed us the noisome cell where the celebrated "iron mask"--thatill-starred brother of a hardhearted king of france--was confined for aseason before he was sent to hide the strange mystery of his life fromthe curious in the dungeons of ste.
the place had a fargreater interest for us than it could have had if we had known beyond allquestion who the iron mask was, and what his history had been, and whythis most unusual punishment had been meted out to him.
thatwas the charm.
that speechless tongue, those prisoned features, thatheart so freighted with unspoken troubles, and that breast so oppressedwith its piteous secret had been here.
these dank walls had known theman whose dolorous story is a sealed book forever!
there was fascinationin the spot.
we have come five hundred miles by rail through the heart of france.
what a bewitching land it is!
what a garden!
surely the leagues ofbright green lawns are swept and brushed and watered every day and theirgrasses trimmed by the barber.
surely the hedges are shaped and measuredand their symmetry preserved by the most architectural of gardeners.
surely the long straight rows of stately poplars that divide thebeautiful landscape like the squares of a checker-board are set with lineand plummet, and their uniform height determined with a spirit level.
surely the straight, smooth, pure white turnpikes are jack-planed andsandpapered every day.
how else are these marvels of symmetry,cleanliness, and order attained?
it is wonderful.
there are nounsightly stone walls and never a fence of any kind.
there is no dirt,no decay, no rubbish anywhere--nothing that even hints at untidiness--nothing that ever suggests neglect.
all is orderly and beautiful--everything is charming to the eye.
we had such glimpses of the rhone gliding along between its grassy banks;of cosy cottages buried in flowers and shrubbery; of quaint old red-tiledvillages with mossy medieval cathedrals looming out of their midst; ofwooded hills with ivy-grown towers and turrets of feudal castlesprojecting above the foliage; such glimpses of paradise, it seemed to us,such visions of fabled fairyland!
we knew then what the poet meant when he sang of:  "--thy cornfieldsgreen, and sunny vines,  o pleasant land of france!"
and it is a pleasant land.
no word describes it so felicitously as thatone.
they say there is no word for "home" in the french language.
well,considering that they have the article itself in such an attractiveaspect, they ought to manage to get along without the word.
let us notwaste too much pity on "homeless" france.
i have observed that frenchmenabroad seldom wholly give up the idea of going back to france some timeor other.
i am not surprised at it now.
we are not infatuated with these french railway cars, though.
we tookfirst-class passage, not because we wished to attract attention by doinga thing which is uncommon in europe but because we could make our journeyquicker by so doing.
it is hard to make railroading pleasant in anycountry.
it is too tedious.
stagecoaching is infinitely moredelightful.
once i crossed the plains and deserts and mountains of thewest in a stagecoach, from the missouri line to california, and sincethen all my pleasure trips must be measured to that rare holiday frolic.
two thousand miles of ceaseless rush and rattle and clatter, by night andby day, and never a weary moment, never a lapse of interest!
the firstseven hundred miles a level continent, its grassy carpet greener andsofter and smoother than any sea and figured with designs fitted to itsmagnitude--the shadows of the clouds.
here were no scenes but summerscenes, and no disposition inspired by them but to lie at full length onthe mail sacks in the grateful breeze and dreamily smoke the pipe ofpeace--what other, where all was repose and contentment?
in coolmornings, before the sun was fairly up, it was worth a lifetime of citytoiling and moiling to perch in the foretop with the driver and see thesix mustangs scamper under the sharp snapping of the whip that nevertouched them; to scan the blue distances of a world that knew no lordsbut us; to cleave the wind with uncovered head and feel the sluggishpulses rousing to the spirit of a speed that pretended to the resistlessrush of a typhoon!
then thirteen hundred miles of desert solitudes; oflimitless panoramas of bewildering perspective; of mimic cities, ofpinnacled cathedrals, of massive fortresses, counterfeited in the eternalrocks and splendid with the crimson and gold of the setting sun; of dizzyaltitudes among fog-wreathed peaks and never-melting snows, wherethunders and lightnings and tempests warred magnificently at our feet andthe storm clouds above swung their shredded banners in our very faces!
but i forgot.
i am in elegant france now, and not scurrying through thegreat south pass and the wind river mountains, among antelopes andbuffaloes and painted indians on the warpath.
it is not meet that ishould make too disparaging comparisons between humdrum travel on arailway and that royal summer flight across a continent in a stagecoach.
i meant in the beginning to say that railway journeying is tedious andtiresome, and so it is--though at the time i was thinking particularly ofa dismal fifty-hour pilgrimage between new york and st. louis.
of courseour trip through france was not really tedious because all its scenes andexperiences were new and strange; but as dan says, it had its"discrepancies."
the cars are built in compartments that hold eight persons each.
eachcompartment is partially subdivided, and so there are two tolerablydistinct parties of four in it.
four face the other four.
the seats andbacks are thickly padded and cushioned and are very comfortable; you cansmoke if you wish; there are no bothersome peddlers; you are saved theinfliction of a multitude of disagreeable fellow passengers.
so far, sowell.
but then the conductor locks you in when the train starts; thereis no water to drink in the car; there is no heating apparatus for nighttravel; if a drunken rowdy should get in, you could not remove a matterof twenty seats from him or enter another car; but above all, if you areworn out and must sleep, you must sit up and do it in naps, with crampedlegs and in a torturing misery that leaves you withered and lifeless thenext day--for behold they have not that culmination of all charity andhuman kindness, a sleeping car, in all france.
i prefer the americansystem.
it has not so many grievous "discrepancies."
in france, all is clockwork, all is order.
they make no mistakes.
everythird man wears a uniform, and whether he be a marshal of the empire or abrakeman, he is ready and perfectly willing to answer all your questionswith tireless politeness, ready to tell you which car to take, yea, andready to go and put you into it to make sure that you shall not goastray.
you cannot pass into the waiting room of the depot till you havesecured your ticket, and you cannot pass from its only exit till thetrain is at its threshold to receive you.
once on board, the train willnot start till your ticket has been examined--till every passenger'sticket has been inspected.
this is chiefly for your own good.
if by anypossibility you have managed to take the wrong train, you will be handedover to a polite official who will take you whither you belong and bestowyou with many an affable bow.
your ticket will be inspected every nowand then along the route, and when it is time to change cars you willknow it.
you are in the hands of officials who zealously study yourwelfare and your interest, instead of turning their talents to theinvention of new methods of discommoding and snubbing you, as is veryoften the main employment of that exceedingly self-satisfied monarch, therailroad conductor of america.
but the happiest regulation in french railway government is--thirtyminutes to dinner!
no five-minute boltings of flabby rolls, muddycoffee, questionable eggs, gutta-percha beef, and pies whose conceptionand execution are a dark and bloody mystery to all save the cook thatcreated them!
no, we sat calmly down--it was in old dijon, which is soeasy to spell and so impossible to pronounce except when you civilize itand call it demijohn--and poured out rich burgundian wines and munchedcalmly through a long table d'hote bill of fare, snail patties, deliciousfruits and all, then paid the trifle it cost and stepped happily aboardthe train again, without once cursing the railroad company.
a rareexperience and one to be treasured forever.
they say they do not have accidents on these french roads, and i think itmust be true.
if i remember rightly, we passed high above wagon roads orthrough tunnels under them, but never crossed them on their own level.
about every quarter of a mile, it seemed to me, a man came out and heldup a club till the train went by, to signify that everything was safeahead.
switches were changed a mile in advance by pulling a wire ropethat passed along the ground by the rail, from station to station.
signals for the day and signals for the night gave constant and timelynotice of the position of switches.
no, they have no railroad accidents to speak of in france.
because when one occurs, somebody has to hang for it!
not hang, maybe,but be punished at least with such vigor of emphasis as to makenegligence a thing to be shuddered at by railroad officials for many aday thereafter.
"no blame attached to the officers"--that lying anddisaster-breeding verdict so common to our softhearted juries is seldomrendered in france.
if the trouble occurred in the conductor'sdepartment, that officer must suffer if his subordinate cannot be provenguilty; if in the engineer's department and the case be similar, theengineer must answer.
the old travelers--those delightful parrots who have "been here before"and know more about the country than louis napoleon knows now or everwill know--tell us these things, and we believe them because they arepleasant things to believe and because they are plausible and savor ofthe rigid subjection to law and order which we behold about useverywhere.
but we love the old travelers.
we love to hear them prate and drivel andlie.
we can tell them the moment we see them.
they always throw out afew feelers; they never cast themselves adrift till they have soundedevery individual and know that he has not traveled.
then they open theirthrottle valves, and how they do brag, and sneer, and swell, and soar,and blaspheme the sacred name of truth!
their central idea, their grandaim, is to subjugate you, keep you down, make you feel insignificant andhumble in the blaze of their cosmopolitan glory!
they will not let youknow anything.
they sneer at your most inoffensive suggestions; theylaugh unfeelingly at your treasured dreams of foreign lands; they brandthe statements of your traveled aunts and uncles as the stupidestabsurdities; they deride your most trusted authors and demolish the fairimages they have set up for your willing worship with the pitilessferocity of the fanatic iconoclast!
but still i love the old travelers.
i love them for their witless platitudes, for their supernatural abilityto bore, for their delightful asinine vanity, for their luxuriantfertility of imagination, for their startling, their brilliant, theiroverwhelming mendacity!
by lyons and the saone (where we saw the lady of lyons and thought littleof her comeliness), by villa franca, tonnere, venerable sens, melun,fontainebleau, and scores of other beautiful cities, we swept, alwaysnoting the absence of hog-wallows, broken fences, cow lots, unpaintedhouses, and mud, and always noting, as well, the presence of cleanliness,grace, taste in adorning and beautifying, even to the disposition of atree or the turning of a hedge, the marvel of roads in perfect repair,void of ruts and guiltless of even an inequality of surface--we bowledalong, hour after hour, that brilliant summer day, and as nightfallapproached we entered a wilderness of odorous flowers and shrubbery, spedthrough it, and then, excited, delighted, and half persuaded that we wereonly the sport of a beautiful dream, lo, we stood in magnificent paris!
what excellent order they kept about that vast depot!
there was nofrantic crowding and jostling, no shouting and swearing, and noswaggering intrusion of services by rowdy hackmen.
these latter gentrystood outside--stood quietly by their long line of vehicles and saidnever a word.
a kind of hackman general seemed to have the whole matterof transportation in his hands.
he politely received the passengers andushered them to the kind of conveyance they wanted, and told the driverwhere to deliver them.
there was no "talking back," no dissatisfactionabout overcharging, no grumbling about anything.
in a little while wewere speeding through the streets of paris and delightfully recognizingcertain names and places with which books had long ago made us familiar.
it was like meeting an old friend when we read rue de rivoli on thestreet corner; we knew the genuine vast palace of the louvre as well aswe knew its picture; when we passed by the column of july we needed noone to tell us what it was or to remind us that on its site once stoodthe grim bastille, that grave of human hopes and happiness, that dismalprison house within whose dungeons so many young faces put on thewrinkles of age, so many proud spirits grew humble, so many brave heartsbroke.
we secured rooms at the hotel, or rather, we had three beds put into oneroom, so that we might be together, and then we went out to a restaurant,just after lamplighting, and ate a comfortable, satisfactory, lingeringdinner.
it was a pleasure to eat where everything was so tidy, the foodso well cooked, the waiters so polite, and the coming and departingcompany so moustached, so frisky, so affable, so fearfully andwonderfully frenchy!
all the surroundings were gay and enlivening.
twohundred people sat at little tables on the sidewalk, sipping wine andcoffee; the streets were thronged with light vehicles and with joyouspleasure-seekers; there was music in the air, life and action all aboutus, and a conflagration of gaslight everywhere!
after dinner we felt like seeing such parisian specialties as we mightsee without distressing exertion, and so we sauntered through thebrilliant streets and looked at the dainty trifles in variety stores andjewelry shops.
occasionally, merely for the pleasure of being cruel, weput unoffending frenchmen on the rack with questions framed in theincomprehensible jargon of their native language, and while they writhedwe impaled them, we peppered them, we scarified them, with their own vileverbs and participles.
we noticed that in the jewelry stores they had some of the articlesmarked "gold" and some labeled "imitation."
we wondered at thisextravagance of honesty and inquired into the matter.
we were informedthat inasmuch as most people are not able to tell false gold from thegenuine article, the government compels jewelers to have their gold workassayed and stamped officially according to its fineness and theirimitation work duly labeled with the sign of its falsity.
they told usthe jewelers would not dare to violate this law, and that whatever astranger bought in one of their stores might be depended upon as beingstrictly what it was represented to be.
verily, a wonderful land isfrance!
then we hunted for a barber-shop.
from earliest infancy it had beena cherished ambition of mine to be shaved some day in a palatialbarber-shop in paris.
i wished to recline at full length in a cushionedinvalid chair, with pictures about me and sumptuous furniture; withfrescoed walls and gilded arches above me and vistas of corinthiancolumns stretching far before me; with perfumes of araby to intoxicatemy senses and the slumbrous drone of distant noises to soothe me tosleep.
at the end of an hour i would wake up regretfully and find myface as smooth and as soft as an infant's.
departing, i would lift myhands above that barber's head and say, "heaven bless you, my son!"
so we searched high and low, for a matter of two hours, but never abarber-shop could we see.
we saw only wig-making establishments, withshocks of dead and repulsive hair bound upon the heads of painted waxenbrigands who stared out from glass boxes upon the passer-by with theirstony eyes and scared him with the ghostly white of their countenances.
we shunned these signs for a time, but finally we concluded that thewig-makers must of necessity be the barbers as well, since we could findno single legitimate representative of the fraternity.
we entered andasked, and found that it was even so.
i said i wanted to be shaved.
the barber inquired where my room was.
isaid never mind where my room was, i wanted to be shaved--there, on thespot.
the doctor said he would be shaved also.
then there was anexcitement among those two barbers!
there was a wild consultation, andafterwards a hurrying to and fro and a feverish gathering up of razorsfrom obscure places and a ransacking for soap.
next they took us into alittle mean, shabby back room; they got two ordinary sitting-room chairsand placed us in them with our coats on.
my old, old dream of blissvanished into thin air!
i sat bolt upright, silent, sad, and solemn.
one of the wig-makingvillains lathered my face for ten terrible minutes and finished byplastering a mass of suds into my mouth.
i expelled the nasty stuff witha strong english expletive and said, "foreigner, beware!"
then thisoutlaw strapped his razor on his boot, hovered over me ominously for sixfearful seconds, and then swooped down upon me like the genius ofdestruction.
the first rake of his razor loosened the very hide from myface and lifted me out of the chair.
i stormed and raved, and the otherboys enjoyed it.
their beards are not strong and thick.
let us draw thecurtain over this harrowing scene.
suffice it that i submitted and went through with the cruel infliction ofa shave by a french barber; tears of exquisite agony coursed down mycheeks now and then, but i survived.
then the incipient assassin held abasin of water under my chin and slopped its contents over my face, andinto my bosom, and down the back of my neck, with a mean pretense ofwashing away the soap and blood.
he dried my features with a towel andwas going to comb my hair, but i asked to be excused.
i said, withwithering irony, that it was sufficient to be skinned--i declined to bescalped.
i went away from there with my handkerchief about my face, and never,never, never desired to dream of palatial parisian barber-shops anymore.
the truth is, as i believe i have since found out, that they have nobarber shops worthy of the name in paris--and no barbers, either, forthat matter.
the impostor who does duty as a barber brings his pans andnapkins and implements of torture to your residence and deliberatelyskins you in your private apartments.
ah, i have suffered, suffered,suffered, here in paris, but never mind--the time is coming when i shallhave a dark and bloody revenge.
someday a parisian barber will come tomy room to skin me, and from that day forth that barber will never beheard of more.
at eleven o'clock we alighted upon a sign which manifestly referred tobilliards.
we had played billiards in the azores with balls thatwere not round and on an ancient table that was very little smoother thana brick pavement--one of those wretched old things with dead cushions,and with patches in the faded cloth and invisible obstructions that madethe balls describe the most astonishing and unsuspected angles andperform feats in the way of unlooked-for and almost impossible"scratches" that were perfectly bewildering.
we had played at gibraltarwith balls the size of a walnut, on a table like a public square--and inboth instances we achieved far more aggravation than amusement.
weexpected to fare better here, but we were mistaken.
the cushions were agood deal higher than the balls, and as the balls had a fashion of alwaysstopping under the cushions, we accomplished very little in the way ofcaroms.
the cushions were hard and unelastic, and the cues were socrooked that in making a shot you had to allow for the curve or you wouldinfallibly put the "english" on the wrong side of the hall.
dan was tomark while the doctor and i played.
at the end of an hour neither of ushad made a count, and so dan was tired of keeping tally with nothing totally, and we were heated and angry and disgusted.
we paid the heavybill--about six cents--and said we would call around sometime when we hada week to spend, and finish the game.
we adjourned to one of those pretty cafes and took supper and tested thewines of the country, as we had been instructed to do, and found themharmless and unexciting.
they might have been exciting, however, if wehad chosen to drink a sufficiency of them.
to close our first day in paris cheerfully and pleasantly, we now soughtour grand room in the grand hotel du louvre and climbed into oursumptuous bed to read and smoke--but alas!
it was pitiful,          in a whole city-full,          gas we had none.
no gas to read by--nothing but dismal candles.
it was a shame.
we triedto map out excursions for the morrow; we puzzled over french "guides toparis"; we talked disjointedly in a vain endeavor to make head or tail ofthe wild chaos of the day's sights and experiences; we subsided toindolent smoking; we gaped and yawned and stretched--then feebly wonderedif we were really and truly in renowned paris, and drifted drowsily awayinto that vast mysterious void which men call sleep.
the next morning we were up and dressed at ten o'clock.
we went to the'commissionaire' of the hotel--i don't know what a 'commissionaire' is,but that is the man we went to--and told him we wanted a guide.
he saidthe national exposition had drawn such multitudes of englishmen andamericans to paris that it would be next to impossible to find a goodguide unemployed.
he said he usually kept a dozen or two on hand, but heonly had three now.
he called them.
one looked so like a very piratethat we let him go at once.
the next one spoke with a simperingprecision of pronunciation that was irritating and said:"if ze zhentlemans will to me make ze grande honneur to me rattain inhees serveece, i shall show to him every sing zat is magnifique to lookupon in ze beautiful parree.
i speaky ze angleesh pairfaitemaw."
he would have done well to have stopped there, because he had that muchby heart and said it right off without making a mistake.
but hisself-complacency seduced him into attempting a flight into regions ofunexplored english, and the reckless experiment was his ruin.
within tenseconds he was so tangled up in a maze of mutilated verbs and torn andbleeding forms of speech that no human ingenuity could ever have gottenhim out of it with credit.
it was plain enough that he could not"speaky" the english quite as "pairfaitemaw" as he had pretended hecould.
the third man captured us.
he was plainly dressed, but he had anoticeable air of neatness about him.
he wore a high silk hat which wasa little old, but had been carefully brushed.
he wore second-hand kidgloves, in good repair, and carried a small rattan cane with a curvedhandle--a female leg--of ivory.
he stepped as gently and as daintily asa cat crossing a muddy street; and oh, he was urbanity; he was quiet,unobtrusive self-possession; he was deference itself!
he spoke softlyand guardedly; and when he was about to make a statement on his soleresponsibility or offer a suggestion, he weighed it by drachms andscruples first, with the crook of his little stick placed meditatively tohis teeth.
his opening speech was perfect.
it was perfect inconstruction, in phraseology, in grammar, in emphasis, in pronunciation--everything.
he spoke little and guardedly after that.
we were charmed.
we were more than charmed--we were overjoyed.
we hired him at once.
wenever even asked him his price.
this man--our lackey, our servant, ourunquestioning slave though he was--was still a gentleman--we could seethat--while of the other two one was coarse and awkward and the other wasa born pirate.
we asked our man friday's name.
he drew from hispocketbook a snowy little card and passed it to us with a profound bow:                             a. billfinger,                    guide to paris, france, germany,                            spain, &c., &c.                       grande hotel du louvre.
oh, carry me home to die!"
that was an "aside" from dan.
the atrocious name grated harshly on myear, too.
the most of us can learn to forgive, and even to like, acountenance that strikes us unpleasantly at first, but few of us, ifancy, become reconciled to a jarring name so easily.
i was almost sorrywe had hired this man, his name was so unbearable.
however, no matter.
we were impatient to start.
billfinger stepped to the door to call acarriage, and then the doctor said:"well, the guide goes with the barbershop, with the billiard-table, withthe gasless room, and may be with many another pretty romance of paris.
i expected to have a guide named henri de montmorency, or armand de lachartreuse, or something that would sound grand in letters to thevillagers at home, but to think of a frenchman by the name of billfinger!
this is absurd, you know.
this will never do.
we can't saybillfinger; it is nauseating.
name him over again; what had we bettercall him?
alexis du caulaincourt?"
"alphonse henri gustave de hauteville," i suggested.
"call him ferguson," said dan.
that was practical, unromantic good sense.
without debate, we expungedbillfinger as billfinger, and called him ferguson.
the carriage--an open barouche--was ready.
ferguson mounted beside thedriver, and we whirled away to breakfast.
as was proper, mr. fergusonstood by to transmit our orders and answer questions.
by and by, hementioned casually--the artful adventurer--that he would go and get hisbreakfast as soon as we had finished ours.
he knew we could not getalong without him and that we would not want to loiter about and wait forhim.
we asked him to sit down and eat with us.
he begged, with many abow, to be excused.
it was not proper, he said; he would sit at anothertable.
we ordered him peremptorily to sit down with us.
here endeth the first lesson.
it was a mistake.
as long as we had that fellow after that, he was always hungry; he wasalways thirsty.
he came early; he stayed late; he could not pass arestaurant; he looked with a lecherous eye upon every wine shop.
suggestions to stop, excuses to eat and to drink, were forever on hislips.
we tried all we could to fill him so full that he would have noroom to spare for a fortnight, but it was a failure.
he did not holdenough to smother the cravings of his superhuman appetite.
he had another "discrepancy" about him.
he was always wanting us to buythings.
on the shallowest pretenses he would inveigle us into shirtstores, boot stores, tailor shops, glove shops--anywhere under the broadsweep of the heavens that there seemed a chance of our buying anything.
anyone could have guessed that the shopkeepers paid him a percentage onthe sales, but in our blessed innocence we didn't until this feature ofhis conduct grew unbearably prominent.
one day dan happened to mentionthat he thought of buying three or four silk dress patterns for presents.
ferguson's hungry eye was upon him in an instant.
in the course oftwenty minutes the carriage stopped.
"zis is ze finest silk magazin in paris--ze most celebrate."
"what did you come here for?
we told you to take us to the palace of thelouvre."
"i suppose ze gentleman say he wish to buy some silk."
"you are not required to 'suppose' things for the party, ferguson.
we donot wish to tax your energies too much.
we will bear some of the burdenand heat of the day ourselves.
we will endeavor to do such 'supposing'as is really necessary to be done.
so spake the doctor.
within fifteen minutes the carriage halted again, and before another silkstore.
the doctor said:"ah, the palace of the louvre--beautiful, beautiful edifice!
does theemperor napoleon live here now, ferguson?"
you do jest; zis is not ze palace; we come there directly.
but since we pass right by zis store, where is such beautiful silk--""ah!
i see, i see.
i meant to have told you that we did not wish topurchase any silks to-day, but in my absent-mindedness i forgot it.
ialso meant to tell you we wished to go directly to the louvre, but iforgot that also.
however, we will go there now.
pardon my seemingcarelessness, ferguson.
within the half hour we stopped again--in front of another silk store.
we were angry; but the doctor was always serene, always smooth-voiced.
he said:"at last!
how imposing the louvre is, and yet how small!
how charmingly situated!--venerable, venerablepile--""pairdon, doctor, zis is not ze louvre--it is--""what is it?"
"i have ze idea--it come to me in a moment--zat ze silk in zis magazin--""ferguson, how heedless i am.
i fully intended to tell you that we didnot wish to buy any silks to-day, and i also intended to tell you that weyearned to go immediately to the palace of the louvre, but enjoying thehappiness of seeing you devour four breakfasts this morning has so filledme with pleasurable emotions that i neglect the commonest interests ofthe time.
however, we will proceed now to the louvre, ferguson."
"but, doctor," (excitedly,) "it will take not a minute--not but one smallminute!
ze gentleman need not to buy if he not wish to--but only look atze silk--look at ze beautiful fabric.
sair--just onlyone leetle moment!"
dan said, "confound the idiot!
i don't want to see any silks today, andi won't look at them.
and the doctor: "we need no silks now, ferguson.
our hearts yearn forthe louvre.
let us journey on--let us journey on."
it is only one moment--one leetle moment.
and ze time willbe save--entirely save!
because zere is nothing to see now--it is toolate.
it want ten minute to four and ze louvre close at four--only oneleetle moment, doctor!"
the treacherous miscreant!
after four breakfasts and a gallon ofchampagne, to serve us such a scurvy trick.
we got no sight of thecountless treasures of art in the louvre galleries that day, and our onlypoor little satisfaction was in the reflection that ferguson sold not asolitary silk dress pattern.
i am writing this chapter partly for the satisfaction of abusing thataccomplished knave billfinger, and partly to show whosoever shall readthis how americans fare at the hands of the paris guides and what sort ofpeople paris guides are.
it need not be supposed that we were a stupideror an easier prey than our countrymen generally are, for we were not.
the guides deceive and defraud every american who goes to paris for thefirst time and sees its sights alone or in company with others as littleexperienced as himself.
i shall visit paris again someday, and then letthe guides beware!
i shall go in my war paint--i shall carry my tomahawkalong.
i think we have lost but little time in paris.
we have gone to bed everynight tired out.
of course we visited the renowned internationalexposition.
all the world did that.
we went there on our third day inparis--and we stayed there nearly two hours.
that was our first and lastvisit.
to tell the truth, we saw at a glance that one would have tospend weeks--yea, even months--in that monstrous establishment to get anintelligible idea of it.
it was a wonderful show, but the moving massesof people of all nations we saw there were a still more wonderful show.
i discovered that if i were to stay there a month, i should still findmyself looking at the people instead of the inanimate objects onexhibition.
i got a little interested in some curious old tapestries ofthe thirteenth century, but a party of arabs came by, and their duskyfaces and quaint costumes called my attention away at once.
i watched asilver swan, which had a living grace about his movements and a livingintelligence in his eyes--watched him swimming about as comfortably andas unconcernedly as if he had been born in a morass instead of ajeweler's shop--watched him seize a silver fish from under the water andhold up his head and go through all the customary and elaborate motionsof swallowing it--but the moment it disappeared down his throat sometattooed south sea islanders approached and i yielded to theirattractions.
presently i found a revolving pistol several hundred years old whichlooked strangely like a modern colt, but just then i heard that theempress of the french was in another part of the building, and hastenedaway to see what she might look like.
we heard martial music--we saw anunusual number of soldiers walking hurriedly about--there was a generalmovement among the people.
we inquired what it was all about and learnedthat the emperor of the french and the sultan of turkey were about toreview twenty-five thousand troops at the arc de l'etoile.
i had a greater anxiety to see these men than icould have had to see twenty expositions.
we drove away and took up a position in an open space opposite theamerican minister's house.
a speculator bridged a couple of barrels witha board and we hired standing places on it.
presently there was a soundof distant music; in another minute a pillar of dust came moving slowlytoward us; a moment more and then, with colors flying and a grand crashof military music, a gallant array of cavalrymen emerged from the dustand came down the street on a gentle trot.
after them came a long lineof artillery; then more cavalry, in splendid uniforms; and then theirimperial majesties napoleon iii and abdul aziz.
the vast concourse ofpeople swung their hats and shouted--the windows and housetops in thewide vicinity burst into a snowstorm of waving handkerchiefs, and thewavers of the same mingled their cheers with those of the masses below.
it was a stirring spectacle.
but the two central figures claimed all my attention.
was ever such acontrast set up before a multitude till then?
napoleon in militaryuniform--a long-bodied, short-legged man, fiercely moustached, old,wrinkled, with eyes half closed, and such a deep, crafty, schemingexpression about them!--napoleon, bowing ever so gently to the loudplaudits, and watching everything and everybody with his cat eyes fromunder his depressed hat brim, as if to discover any sign that thosecheers were not heartfelt and cordial.
abdul aziz, absolute lord of the ottoman empire--clad in dark greeneuropean clothes, almost without ornament or insignia of rank; a redturkish fez on his head; a short, stout, dark man, black-bearded,black-eyed, stupid, unprepossessing--a man whose whole appearancesomehow suggested that if he only had a cleaver in his hand and a whiteapron on, one would not be at all surprised to hear him say: "a muttonroast today, or will you have a nice porterhouse steak?"
napoleon iii, the representative of the highest modern civilization,progress, and refinement; abdul-aziz, the representative of a people bynature and training filthy, brutish, ignorant, unprogressive,superstitious--and a government whose three graces are tyranny, rapacity,blood.
here in brilliant paris, under this majestic arch of triumph, thefirst century greets the nineteenth!
napoleon iii., emperor of france!
surrounded by shouting thousands, bymilitary pomp, by the splendors of his capital city, and companioned bykings and princes--this is the man who was sneered at and reviled andcalled bastard--yet who was dreaming of a crown and an empire all thewhile; who was driven into exile--but carried his dreams with him; whoassociated with the common herd in america and ran foot races for awager--but still sat upon a throne in fancy; who braved every danger togo to his dying mother--and grieved that she could not be spared to seehim cast aside his plebeian vestments for the purple of royalty; who kepthis faithful watch and walked his weary beat a common policeman oflondon--but dreamed the while of a coming night when he should tread thelong-drawn corridors of the tuileries; who made the miserable fiasco ofstrasbourg; saw his poor, shabby eagle, forgetful of its lesson, refuseto perch upon his shoulder; delivered his carefully prepared, sententiousburst of eloquence upon unsympathetic ears; found himself a prisoner, thebutt of small wits, a mark for the pitiless ridicule of all the world--yet went on dreaming of coronations and splendid pageants as before; wholay a forgotten captive in the dungeons of ham--and still schemed andplanned and pondered over future glory and future power; president offrance at last!
a coup d'etat, and surrounded by applauding armies,welcomed by the thunders of cannon, he mounts a throne and waves beforean astounded world the sceptre of a mighty empire!
who talks of themarvels of fiction?
who speaks of the wonders of romance?
who prates ofthe tame achievements of aladdin and the magii of arabia?
abdul-aziz, sultan of turkey, lord of the ottoman empire!
born to athrone; weak, stupid, ignorant, almost, as his meanest slave; chief of avast royalty, yet the puppet of his premier and the obedient child of atyrannical mother; a man who sits upon a throne--the beck of whose fingermoves navies and armies--who holds in his hands the power of life anddeath over millions--yet who sleeps, sleeps, eats, eats, idles with hiseight hundred concubines, and when he is surfeited with eating andsleeping and idling, and would rouse up and take the reins of governmentand threaten to be a sultan, is charmed from his purpose by wary fuadpacha with a pretty plan for a new palace or a new ship--charmed awaywith a new toy, like any other restless child; a man who sees his peoplerobbed and oppressed by soulless tax-gatherers, but speaks no word tosave them; who believes in gnomes and genii and the wild fables of thearabian nights, but has small regard for the mighty magicians of to-day,and is nervous in the presence of their mysterious railroads andsteamboats and telegraphs; who would see undone in egypt all that greatmehemet ali achieved, and would prefer rather to forget than emulate him;a man who found his great empire a blot upon the earth--a degraded,poverty-stricken, miserable, infamous agglomeration of ignorance, crime,and brutality--and will idle away the allotted days of his trivial lifeand then pass to the dust and the worms and leave it so!
napoleon has augmented the commercial prosperity of france in ten yearsto such a degree that figures can hardly compute it.
he has rebuiltparis and has partly rebuilt every city in the state.
he condemns awhole street at a time, assesses the damages, pays them, and rebuildssuperbly.
then speculators buy up the ground and sell, but the originalowner is given the first choice by the government at a stated pricebefore the speculator is permitted to purchase.
but above all things, hehas taken the sole control of the empire of france into his hands andmade it a tolerably free land--for people who will not attempt to go toofar in meddling with government affairs.
no country offers greatersecurity to life and property than france, and one has all the freedom hewants, but no license--no license to interfere with anybody or makeanyone uncomfortable.
as for the sultan, one could set a trap any where and catch a dozen ablermen in a night.
the bands struck up, and the brilliant adventurer, napoleon iii., thegenius of energy, persistence, enterprise; and the feeble abdul-aziz, thegenius of ignorance, bigotry, and indolence, prepared for the forward--march!
we saw the splendid review, we saw the white-moustached old crimeansoldier, canrobert, marshal of france, we saw--well, we saw every thing,and then we went home satisfied.
we went to see the cathedral of notre dame.
we had heard of it before.
it surprises me sometimes to think how much we do know and howintelligent we are.
we recognized the brown old gothic pile in a moment;it was like the pictures.
we stood at a little distance and changed fromone point of observation to another and gazed long at its lofty squaretowers and its rich front, clustered thick with stony, mutilated saintswho had been looking calmly down from their perches for ages.
thepatriarch of jerusalem stood under them in the old days of chivalry andromance, and preached the third crusade, more than six hundred years ago;and since that day they have stood there and looked quietly down upon themost thrilling scenes, the grandest pageants, the most extraordinaryspectacles that have grieved or delighted paris.
these battered andbroken-nosed old fellows saw many and many a cavalcade of mail-cladknights come marching home from holy land; they heard the bells abovethem toll the signal for the st. bartholomew's massacre, and they saw theslaughter that followed; later they saw the reign of terror, the carnageof the revolution, the overthrow of a king, the coronation of twonapoleons, the christening of the young prince that lords it over aregiment of servants in the tuileries to-day--and they may possiblycontinue to stand there until they see the napoleon dynasty swept awayand the banners of a great republic floating above its ruins.
i wishthese old parties could speak.
they could tell a tale worth thelistening to.
they say that a pagan temple stood where notre dame now stands, in theold roman days, eighteen or twenty centuries ago--remains of it are stillpreserved in paris; and that a christian church took its place about a.d.300; another took the place of that in a.d. 500; and that the foundationsof the present cathedral were laid about a.d. 1100.  the ground ought tobe measurably sacred by this time, one would think.
one portion of thisnoble old edifice is suggestive of the quaint fashions of ancient times.
it was built by jean sans-peur, duke of burgundy, to set his conscienceat rest--he had assassinated the duke of orleans.
those good oldtimes are gone when a murderer could wipe the stain from his name andsoothe his troubles to sleep simply by getting out his bricks and mortarand building an addition to a church.
the portals of the great western front are bisected by square pillars.
they took the central one away in 1852, on the occasion of thanksgivingsfor the reinstitution of the presidential power--but precious soon theyhad occasion to reconsider that motion and put it back again!
we loitered through the grand aisles for an hour or two, staring up atthe rich stained-glass windows embellished with blue and yellow andcrimson saints and martyrs, and trying to admire the numberless greatpictures in the chapels, and then we were admitted to the sacristy andshown the magnificent robes which the pope wore when he crowned napoleoni; a wagon-load of solid gold and silver utensils used in the greatpublic processions and ceremonies of the church; some nails of the truecross, a fragment of the cross itself, a part of the crown of thorns.
we had already seen a large piece of the true cross in a church in theazores, but no nails.
they showed us likewise the bloody robe which thatarchbishop of paris wore who exposed his sacred person and braved thewrath of the insurgents of 1848, to mount the barricades and hold aloftthe olive branch of peace in the hope of stopping the slaughter.
hisnoble effort cost him his life.
he was shot dead.
they showed us a castof his face taken after death, the bullet that killed him, and the twovertebrae in which it lodged.
these people have a somewhat singulartaste in the matter of relics.
ferguson told us that the silver crosswhich the good archbishop wore at his girdle was seized and thrown intothe seine, where it lay embedded in the mud for fifteen years, and thenan angel appeared to a priest and told him where to dive for it; he diddive for it and got it, and now it is there on exhibition at notre dame,to be inspected by anybody who feels an interest in inanimate objects ofmiraculous intervention.
next we went to visit the morgue, that horrible receptacle for the deadwho die mysteriously and leave the manner of their taking off a dismalsecret.
we stood before a grating and looked through into a room whichwas hung all about with the clothing of dead men; coarse blouses,water-soaked; the delicate garments of women and children; patricianvestments, hacked and stabbed and stained with red; a hat that wascrushed and bloody.
on a slanting stone lay a drowned man, naked,swollen, purple; clasping the fragment of a broken bush with a gripwhich death had so petrified that human strength could not unloose it--mute witness of the last despairing effort to save the life that wasdoomed beyond all help.
a stream of water trickled ceaselessly over thehideous face.
we knew that the body and the clothing were there foridentification by friends, but still we wondered if anybody could lovethat repulsive object or grieve for its loss.
we grew meditative andwondered if, some forty years ago, when the mother of that ghastly thingwas dandling it upon her knee, and kissing it and petting it anddisplaying it with satisfied pride to the passers-by, a prophetic visionof this dread ending ever flitted through her brain.
i half feared thatthe mother, or the wife or a brother of the dead man might come while westood there, but nothing of the kind occurred.
men and women came, andsome looked eagerly in and pressed their faces against the bars; othersglanced carelessly at the body and turned away with a disappointed look--people, i thought, who live upon strong excitements and who attend theexhibitions of the morgue regularly, just as other people go to seetheatrical spectacles every night.
when one of these looked in andpassed on, i could not help thinking--"now this don't afford you any satisfaction--a party with his head shotoff is what you need."
one night we went to the celebrated jardin mabille, but only staid alittle while.
we wanted to see some of this kind of paris life, however,and therefore the next night we went to a similar place of entertainmentin a great garden in the suburb of asnieres.
we went to the railroaddepot, toward evening, and ferguson got tickets for a second-classcarriage.
such a perfect jam of people i have not often seen--but therewas no noise, no disorder, no rowdyism.
some of the women and younggirls that entered the train we knew to be of the demi-monde, but otherswe were not at all sure about.
the girls and women in our carriage behaved themselves modestly andbecomingly all the way out, except that they smoked.
when we arrived atthe garden in asnieres, we paid a franc or two admission and entered aplace which had flower beds in it, and grass plots, and long, curvingrows of ornamental shrubbery, with here and there a secluded bowerconvenient for eating ice cream in.
we moved along the sinuous gravelwalks, with the great concourse of girls and young men, and suddenly adomed and filigreed white temple, starred over and over and over againwith brilliant gas jets, burst upon us like a fallen sun.
nearby was alarge, handsome house with its ample front illuminated in the same way,and above its roof floated the star-spangled banner of america.
"how is this?"
it nearly took my breath away.
ferguson said an american--a new yorker--kept the place, and was carryingon quite a stirring opposition to the jardin mabille.
crowds composed of both sexes and nearly all ages were frisking about thegarden or sitting in the open air in front of the flagstaff and thetemple, drinking wine and coffee or smoking.
the dancing had not begunyet.
ferguson said there was to be an exhibition.
the famous blondinwas going to perform on a tightrope in another part of the garden.
here the light was dim, and the masses of people werepretty closely packed together.
and now i made a mistake which anydonkey might make, but a sensible man never.
i committed an error whichi find myself repeating every day of my life.
standing right before ayoung lady, i said:"dan, just look at this girl, how beautiful she is!"
"i thank you more for the evident sincerity of the compliment, sir, thanfor the extraordinary publicity you have given to it!"
this in good,pure english.
we took a walk, but my spirits were very, very sadly dampened.
i did notfeel right comfortable for some time afterward.
why will people be sostupid as to suppose themselves the only foreigners among a crowd of tenthousand persons?
but blondin came out shortly.
he appeared on a stretched cable, far awayabove the sea of tossing hats and handkerchiefs, and in the glare of thehundreds of rockets that whizzed heavenward by him he looked like a weeinsect.
he balanced his pole and walked the length of his rope--two orthree hundred feet; he came back and got a man and carried him across; hereturned to the center and danced a jig; next he performed some gymnasticand balancing feats too perilous to afford a pleasant spectacle; and hefinished by fastening to his person a thousand roman candles, catherinewheels, serpents and rockets of all manner of brilliant colors, settingthem on fire all at once and walking and waltzing across his rope againin a blinding blaze of glory that lit up the garden and the people'sfaces like a great conflagration at midnight.
the dance had begun, and we adjourned to the temple.
within it was adrinking saloon, and all around it was a broad circular platform for thedancers.
i backed up against the wall of the temple, and waited.
twentysets formed, the music struck up, and then--i placed my hands before myface for very shame.
but i looked through my fingers.
they were dancingthe renowned "can-can."
a handsome girl in the set before me trippedforward lightly to meet the opposite gentleman, tripped back again,grasped her dresses vigorously on both sides with her hands, raised thempretty high, danced an extraordinary jig that had more activity andexposure about it than any jig i ever saw before, and then, drawing herclothes still higher, she advanced gaily to the center and launched avicious kick full at her vis-a-vis that must infallibly have removed hisnose if he had been seven feet high.
it was a mercy he was only six.
that is the can-can.
the idea of it is to dance as wildly, as noisily,as furiously as you can; expose yourself as much as possible if you are awoman; and kick as high as you can, no matter which sex you belong to.
there is no word of exaggeration in this.
any of the staid, respectable,aged people who were there that night can testify to the truth of thatstatement.
there were a good many such people present.
i suppose frenchmorality is not of that straight-laced description which is shocked attrifles.
i moved aside and took a general view of the can-can.
shouts, laughter,furious music, a bewildering chaos of darting and intermingling forms,stormy jerking and snatching of gay dresses, bobbing beads, flying arms,lightning flashes of white-stockinged calves and dainty slippers in theair, and then a grand final rush, riot, a terrific hubbub, and a wildstampede!
nothing like it has been seen on earth sincetrembling tam o'shanter saw the devil and the witches at their orgiesthat stormy night in "alloway's auld haunted kirk."
we visited the louvre, at a time when we had no silk purchases in view,and looked at its miles of paintings by the old masters.
some of themwere beautiful, but at the same time they carried such evidences aboutthem of the cringing spirit of those great men that we found smallpleasure in examining them.
their nauseous adulation of princely patronswas more prominent to me and chained my attention more surely than thecharms of color and expression which are claimed to be in the pictures.
gratitude for kindnesses is well, but it seems to me that some of thoseartists carried it so far that it ceased to be gratitude and becameworship.
if there is a plausible excuse for the worship of men, then byall means let us forgive rubens and his brethren.
but i will drop the subject, lest i say something about the old mastersthat might as well be left unsaid.
of course we drove in the bois de boulogne, that limitless park, with itsforests, its lakes, its cascades, and its broad avenues.
there werethousands upon thousands of vehicles abroad, and the scene was full oflife and gaiety.
there were very common hacks, with father and motherand all the children in them; conspicuous little open carriages withcelebrated ladies of questionable reputation in them; there were dukesand duchesses abroad, with gorgeous footmen perched behind, and equallygorgeous outriders perched on each of the six horses; there were blue andsilver, and green and gold, and pink and black, and all sorts anddescriptions of stunning and startling liveries out, and i almost yearnedto be a flunkey myself, for the sake of the fine clothes.
but presently the emperor came along and he outshone them all.
he waspreceded by a bodyguard of gentlemen on horseback in showy uniforms, hiscarriage-horses (there appeared to be somewhere in the remoteneighborhood of a thousand of them,) were bestridden by gallant-lookingfellows, also in stylish uniforms, and after the carriage followedanother detachment of bodyguards.
everybody got out of the way;everybody bowed to the emperor and his friend the sultan; and they wentby on a swinging trot and disappeared.
i will not describe the bois de boulogne.
i can not do it.
it is simplya beautiful, cultivated, endless, wonderful wilderness.
it is anenchanting place.
it is in paris now, one may say, but a crumbling oldcross in one portion of it reminds one that it was not always so.
thecross marks the spot where a celebrated troubadour was waylaid andmurdered in the fourteenth century.
it was in this park that that fellowwith an unpronounceable name made the attempt upon the russian czar'slife last spring with a pistol.
the bullet struck a tree.
fergusonshowed us the place.
now in america that interesting tree would bechopped down or forgotten within the next five years, but it will betreasured here.
the guides will point it out to visitors for the nexteight hundred years, and when it decays and falls down they will put upanother there and go on with the same old story just the same.
one of our pleasantest visits was to pere la chaise, the nationalburying-ground of france, the honored resting-place of some of hergreatest and best children, the last home of scores of illustrious menand women who were born to no titles, but achieved fame by their ownenergy and their own genius.
it is a solemn city of winding streets andof miniature marble temples and mansions of the dead gleaming white fromout a wilderness of foliage and fresh flowers.
not every city is so wellpeopled as this, or has so ample an area within its walls.
few palacesexist in any city that are so exquisite in design, so rich in art, socostly in material, so graceful, so beautiful.
we had stood in the ancient church of st. denis, where the marbleeffigies of thirty generations of kings and queens lay stretched atlength upon the tombs, and the sensations invoked were startling andnovel; the curious armor, the obsolete costumes, the placid faces, thehands placed palm to palm in eloquent supplication--it was a vision ofgray antiquity.
it seemed curious enough to be standing face to face, asit were, with old dagobert i., and clovis and charlemagne, those vague,colossal heroes, those shadows, those myths of a thousand years ago!
itouched their dust-covered faces with my finger, but dagobert was deaderthan the sixteen centuries that have passed over him, clovis slept wellafter his labor for christ, and old charlemagne went on dreaming of hispaladins, of bloody roncesvalles, and gave no heed to me.
the great names of pere la chaise impress one, too, but differently.
there the suggestion brought constantly to his mind is, that this placeis sacred to a nobler royalty--the royalty of heart and brain.
everyfaculty of mind, every noble trait of human nature, every high occupationwhich men engage in, seems represented by a famous name.
the effect is acurious medley.
davoust and massena, who wrought in many a battletragedy, are here, and so also is rachel, of equal renown in mimictragedy on the stage.
the abbe sicard sleeps here--the first greatteacher of the deaf and dumb--a man whose heart went out to everyunfortunate, and whose life was given to kindly offices in their service;and not far off, in repose and peace at last, lies marshal ney, whosestormy spirit knew no music like the bugle call to arms.
the man whooriginated public gas-lighting, and that other benefactor who introducedthe cultivation of the potato and thus blessed millions of his starvingcountrymen, lie with the prince of masserano, and with exiled queens andprinces of further india.
gay-lussac the chemist, laplace theastronomer, larrey the surgeon, de suze the advocate, are here, and withthem are talma, bellini, rubini; de balzac, beaumarchais, beranger;moliere and lafontaine, and scores of other men whose names and whoseworthy labors are as familiar in the remote by-places of civilization asare the historic deeds of the kings and princes that sleep in the marblevaults of st. denis.
but among the thousands and thousands of tombs in pere la chaise, thereis one that no man, no woman, no youth of either sex, ever passes bywithout stopping to examine.
every visitor has a sort of indistinct ideaof the history of its dead and comprehends that homage is due there, butnot one in twenty thousand clearly remembers the story of that tomb andits romantic occupants.
this is the grave of abelard and heloise--agrave which has been more revered, more widely known, more written andsung about and wept over, for seven hundred years, than any other inchristendom save only that of the saviour.
all visitors linger pensivelyabout it; all young people capture and carry away keepsakes and mementoesof it; all parisian youths and maidens who are disappointed in love comethere to bail out when they are full of tears; yea, many stricken loversmake pilgrimages to this shrine from distant provinces to weep and wailand "grit" their teeth over their heavy sorrows, and to purchase thesympathies of the chastened spirits of that tomb with offerings ofimmortelles and budding flowers.
go when you will, you find somebody snuffling over that tomb.
go whenyou will, you find it furnished with those bouquets and immortelles.
gowhen you will, you find a gravel-train from marseilles arriving to supplythe deficiencies caused by memento-cabbaging vandals whose affectionshave miscarried.
yet who really knows the story of abelard and heloise?
the names are perfectly familiar to every body, and that isabout all.
with infinite pains i have acquired a knowledge of thathistory, and i propose to narrate it here, partly for the honestinformation of the public and partly to show that public that they havebeen wasting a good deal of marketable sentiment very unnecessarily.
story of abelard and heloiseheloise was born seven hundred and sixty-six years ago.
she may have hadparents.
there is no telling.
she lived with her uncle fulbert, a canonof the cathedral of paris.
i do not know what a canon of a cathedral is,but that is what he was.
he was nothing more than a sort of a mountainhowitzer, likely, because they had no heavy artillery in those days.
suffice it, then, that heloise lived with her uncle the howitzer and washappy.
she spent the most of her childhood in the convent of argenteuil--never heard of argenteuil before, but suppose there was really such aplace.
she then returned to her uncle, the old gun, or son of a gun, asthe case may be, and he taught her to write and speak latin, which wasthe language of literature and polite society at that period.
just at this time, pierre abelard, who had already made himself widelyfamous as a rhetorician, came to found a school of rhetoric in paris.
the originality of his principles, his eloquence, and his great physicalstrength and beauty created a profound sensation.
he saw heloise, andwas captivated by her blooming youth, her beauty, and her charmingdisposition.
he wrote to her; she answered.
he wrote again; sheanswered again.
he was now in love.
he longed to know her--to speak toher face to face.
his school was near fulbert's house.
he asked fulbert to allow him tocall.
the good old swivel saw here a rare opportunity: his niece, whomhe so much loved, would absorb knowledge from this man, and it would notcost him a cent.
such was fulbert--penurious.
fulbert's first name is not mentioned by any author, which isunfortunate.
however, george w. fulbert will answer for him as well asany other.
we will let him go at that.
he asked abelard to teach her.
abelard was glad enough of the opportunity.
he came often and staidlong.
a letter of his shows in its very first sentence that he cameunder that friendly roof like a cold-hearted villain as he was, with thedeliberate intention of debauching a confiding, innocent girl.
this isthe letter:          "i cannot cease to be astonished at the simplicity of fulbert;          i was as much surprised as if he had placed a lamb in the power          of a hungry wolf.
heloise and i, under pretext of study, gave          ourselves up wholly to love, and the solitude that love seeks          our studies procured for us.
books were open before us, but we          spoke oftener of love than philosophy, and kisses came more          readily from our lips than words."
and so, exulting over an honorable confidence which to his degradedinstinct was a ludicrous "simplicity," this unmanly abelard seduced theniece of the man whose guest he was.
paris found it out.
fulbert wastold of it--told often--but refused to believe it.
he could notcomprehend how a man could be so depraved as to use the sacred protectionand security of hospitality as a means for the commission of such a crimeas that.
but when he heard the rowdies in the streets singing thelove-songs of abelard to heloise, the case was too plain--love-songs comenot properly within the teachings of rhetoric and philosophy.
he drove abelard from his house.
abelard returned secretly and carriedheloise away to palais, in brittany, his native country.
here, shortlyafterward, she bore a son, who, from his rare beauty, was surnamedastrolabe--william g.  the girl's flight enraged fulbert, and he longedfor vengeance, but feared to strike lest retaliation visit heloise--forhe still loved her tenderly.
at length abelard offered to marry heloise--but on a shameful condition: that the marriage should be kept secretfrom the world, to the end that (while her good name remained a wreck, asbefore,) his priestly reputation might be kept untarnished.
it was likethat miscreant.
fulbert saw his opportunity and consented.
he would seethe parties married, and then violate the confidence of the man who hadtaught him that trick; he would divulge the secret and so remove somewhatof the obloquy that attached to his niece's fame.
but the niecesuspected his scheme.
she refused the marriage at first; she saidfulbert would betray the secret to save her, and besides, she did notwish to drag down a lover who was so gifted, so honored by the world,and who had such a splendid career before him.
it was noble,self-sacrificing love, and characteristic of the pure-souled heloise,but it was not good sense.
but she was overruled, and the private marriage took place.
the heart so wounded should be healed at last; the proud spiritso tortured should find rest again; the humbled head should be lifted uponce more.
he proclaimed the marriage in the high places of the city andrejoiced that dishonor had departed from his house.
abelarddenied the marriage!
heloise denied it!
the people, knowing the formercircumstances, might have believed fulbert had only abelard denied it,but when the person chiefly interested--the girl herself--denied it, theylaughed, despairing fulbert to scorn.
the poor canon of the cathedral of paris was spiked again.
the last hopeof repairing the wrong that had been done his house was gone.
human nature suggested revenge.
he compassed it.
the historian says:          "ruffians, hired by fulbert, fell upon abelard by night, and          inflicted upon him a terrible and nameless mutilation."
i am seeking the last resting place of those "ruffians."
when i find iti shall shed some tears on it, and stack up some bouquets andimmortelles, and cart away from it some gravel whereby to remember thathowsoever blotted by crime their lives may have been, these ruffians didone just deed, at any rate, albeit it was not warranted by the strictletter of the law.
heloise entered a convent and gave good-bye to the world and itspleasures for all time.
for twelve years she never heard of abelard--never even heard his name mentioned.
she had become prioress ofargenteuil and led a life of complete seclusion.
she happened one day tosee a letter written by him, in which he narrated his own history.
shecried over it and wrote him.
he answered, addressing her as his "sisterin christ."
they continued to correspond, she in the unweighed languageof unwavering affection, he in the chilly phraseology of the polishedrhetorician.
she poured out her heart in passionate, disjointedsentences; he replied with finished essays, divided deliberately intoheads and sub-heads, premises and argument.
she showered upon him thetenderest epithets that love could devise, he addressed her from thenorth pole of his frozen heart as the "spouse of christ!"
on account of her too easy government of her nuns, some disreputableirregularities were discovered among them, and the abbot of st. denisbroke up her establishment.
abelard was the official head of themonastery of st. gildas de ruys, at that time, and when he heard of herhomeless condition a sentiment of pity was aroused in his breast (it is awonder the unfamiliar emotion did not blow his head off,) and he placedher and her troop in the little oratory of the paraclete, a religiousestablishment which he had founded.
she had many privations andsufferings to undergo at first, but her worth and her gentle dispositionwon influential friends for her, and she built up a wealthy andflourishing nunnery.
she became a great favorite with the heads of thechurch, and also the people, though she seldom appeared in public.
sherapidly advanced in esteem, in good report, and in usefulness, andabelard as rapidly lost ground.
the pope so honored her that he made herthe head of her order.
abelard, a man of splendid talents, and rankingas the first debater of his time, became timid, irresolute, anddistrustful of his powers.
he only needed a great misfortune to topplehim from the high position he held in the world of intellectualexcellence, and it came.
urged by kings and princes to meet the subtlest. bernard in debate and crush him, he stood up in the presence of aroyal and illustrious assemblage, and when his antagonist had finished helooked about him and stammered a commencement; but his courage failedhim, the cunning of his tongue was gone: with his speech unspoken, hetrembled and sat down, a disgraced and vanquished champion.
he died a nobody, and was buried at cluny, a.d., 1144.  they removed hisbody to the paraclete afterward, and when heloise died, twenty yearslater, they buried her with him, in accordance with her last wish.
hedied at the ripe age of 64, and she at 63.  after the bodies had remainedentombed three hundred years, they were removed once more.
they wereremoved again in 1800, and finally, seventeen years afterward, they weretaken up and transferred to pere la chaise, where they will remain inpeace and quiet until it comes time for them to get up and move again.
history is silent concerning the last acts of the mountain howitzer.
letthe world say what it will about him, i, at least, shall always respectthe memory and sorrow for the abused trust and the broken heart and thetroubled spirit of the old smooth-bore.
rest and repose be his!
such is the story of abelard and heloise.
such is the history thatlamartine has shed such cataracts of tears over.
but that man nevercould come within the influence of a subject in the least patheticwithout overflowing his banks.
he ought to be dammed--or leveed, ishould more properly say.
such is the history--not as it is usuallytold, but as it is when stripped of the nauseous sentimentality thatwould enshrine for our loving worship a dastardly seducer like pierreabelard.
i have not a word to say against the misused, faithful girl,and would not withhold from her grave a single one of those simpletributes which blighted youths and maidens offer to her memory, but i amsorry enough that i have not time and opportunity to write four or fivevolumes of my opinion of her friend the founder of the parachute, or theparaclete, or whatever it was.
the tons of sentiment i have wasted on that unprincipled humbug in myignorance!
i shall throttle down my emotions hereafter, about this sortof people, until i have read them up and know whether they are entitledto any tearful attentions or not.
i wish i had my immortelles back, now,and that bunch of radishes.
in paris we often saw in shop windows the sign "english spoken here,"just as one sees in the windows at home the sign "ici on parlefrancaise."
we always invaded these places at once--and invariablyreceived the information, framed in faultless french, that the clerk whodid the english for the establishment had just gone to dinner and wouldbe back in an hour--would monsieur buy something?
we wondered why thoseparties happened to take their dinners at such erratic and extraordinaryhours, for we never called at a time when an exemplary christian would bein the least likely to be abroad on such an errand.
the truth was, itwas a base fraud--a snare to trap the unwary--chaff to catch fledglingswith.
they had no english-murdering clerk.
they trusted to the sign toinveigle foreigners into their lairs, and trusted to their ownblandishments to keep them there till they bought something.
we ferreted out another french imposition--a frequent sign to thiseffect: "all manner of american drinks artistically prepared here."
weprocured the services of a gentleman experienced in the nomenclature ofthe american bar, and moved upon the works of one of these impostors.
abowing, aproned frenchman skipped forward and said:"que voulez les messieurs?"
i do not know what "que voulez lesmessieurs?"
means, but such was his remark.
our general said, "we will take a whiskey straight."
[a stare from the frenchman.]
"well, if you don't know what that is, give us a champagne cock-tail."
[a stare and a shrug.]
"well, then, give us a sherry cobbler."
the frenchman was checkmated.
this was all greek to him.
"give us a brandy smash!"
the frenchman began to back away, suspicious of the ominous vigor of thelast order--began to back away, shrugging his shoulders and spreading hishands apologetically.
the general followed him up and gained a complete victory.
theuneducated foreigner could not even furnish a santa cruz punch, aneye-opener, a stone-fence, or an earthquake.
it was plain that he was awicked impostor.
an acquaintance of mine said the other day that he was doubtless the onlyamerican visitor to the exposition who had had the high honor of beingescorted by the emperor's bodyguard.
i said with unobtrusive franknessthat i was astonished that such a long-legged, lantern-jawed,unprepossessing-looking specter as he should be singled out for adistinction like that, and asked how it came about.
he said he hadattended a great military review in the champ de mars some time ago, andwhile the multitude about him was growing thicker and thicker everymoment he observed an open space inside the railing.
he left hiscarriage and went into it.
he was the only person there, and so he hadplenty of room, and the situation being central, he could see all thepreparations going on about the field.
by and by there was a sound ofmusic, and soon the emperor of the french and the emperor of austria,escorted by the famous cent gardes, entered the enclosure.
they seemednot to observe him, but directly, in response to a sign from thecommander of the guard, a young lieutenant came toward him with a file ofhis men following, halted, raised his hand, and gave the military salute,and then said in a low voice that he was sorry to have to disturb astranger and a gentleman, but the place was sacred to royalty.
then thisnew jersey phantom rose up and bowed and begged pardon, then with theofficer beside him, the file of men marching behind him, and with everymark of respect, he was escorted to his carriage by the imperial centgardes!
the officer saluted again and fell back, the new jersey spritebowed in return and had presence of mind enough to pretend that he hadsimply called on a matter of private business with those emperors, and sowaved them an adieu and drove from the field!
imagine a poor frenchman ignorantly intruding upon a public rostrumsacred to some six-penny dignitary in america.
the police would scarehim to death first with a storm of their elegant blasphemy, and then pullhim to pieces getting him away from there.
we are measurably superior tothe french in some things, but they are immeasurably our betters inothers.
enough of paris for the present.
we have done our whole duty by it.
wehave seen the tuileries, the napoleon column, the madeleine, that wonderof wonders the tomb of napoleon, all the great churches and museums,libraries, imperial palaces, and sculpture and picture galleries, thepantheon, jardin des plantes, the opera, the circus, the legislativebody, the billiard rooms, the barbers, the grisettes--ah, the grisettes!
i had almost forgotten.
they are another romanticfraud.
they were (if you let the books of travel tell it) always sobeautiful--so neat and trim, so graceful--so naive and trusting--sogentle, so winning--so faithful to their shop duties, so irresistibleto buyers in their prattling importunity--so devoted to theirpoverty-stricken students of the latin quarter--so lighthearted andhappy on their sunday picnics in the suburbs--and oh, so charmingly,so delightfully immoral!
for three or four days i was constantly saying:"quick, ferguson!
is that a grisette?"
and he always said, "no."
he comprehended at last that i wanted to see a grisette.
then he showedme dozens of them.
they were like nearly all the frenchwomen i ever saw--homely.
they had large hands, large feet, large mouths; they had pugnoses as a general thing, and moustaches that not even good breedingcould overlook; they combed their hair straight back without parting;they were ill-shaped, they were not winning, they were not graceful; iknew by their looks that they ate garlic and onions; and lastly andfinally, to my thinking it would be base flattery to call them immoral.
aroint thee, wench!
i sorrow for the vagabond student of the latinquarter now, even more than formerly i envied him.
thus topples to earthanother idol of my infancy.
we have seen every thing, and tomorrow we go to versailles.
we shall seeparis only for a little while as we come back to take up our line ofmarch for the ship, and so i may as well bid the beautiful city aregretful farewell.
we shall travel many thousands of miles after weleave here and visit many great cities, but we shall find none soenchanting as this.
some of our party have gone to england, intending to take a roundaboutcourse and rejoin the vessel at leghorn or naples several weeks hence.
we came near going to geneva, but have concluded to return to marseillesand go up through italy from genoa.
i will conclude this chapter with a remark that i am sincerely proud tobe able to make--and glad, as well, that my comrades cordially endorseit, to wit: by far the handsomest women we have seen in france were bornand reared in america.
i feel now like a man who has redeemed a failing reputation and shedluster upon a dimmed escutcheon, by a single just deed done at theeleventh hour.
let the curtain fall, to slow music.
it is wonderfully beautiful!
you gaze and stare and try tounderstand that it is real, that it is on the earth, that it is not thegarden of eden--but your brain grows giddy, stupefied by the world ofbeauty around you, and you half believe you are the dupe of an exquisitedream.
the scene thrills one like military music!
a noble palace,stretching its ornamented front, block upon block away, till it seemedthat it would never end; a grand promenade before it, whereon the armiesof an empire might parade; all about it rainbows of flowers, and colossalstatues that were almost numberless and yet seemed only scattered overthe ample space; broad flights of stone steps leading down from thepromenade to lower grounds of the park--stairways that whole regimentsmight stand to arms upon and have room to spare; vast fountains whosegreat bronze effigies discharged rivers of sparkling water into the airand mingled a hundred curving jets together in forms of matchless beauty;wide grass-carpeted avenues that branched hither and thither in everydirection and wandered to seemingly interminable distances, walled allthe way on either side with compact ranks of leafy trees whose branchesmet above and formed arches as faultless and as symmetrical as ever werecarved in stone; and here and there were glimpses of sylvan lakes withminiature ships glassed in their surfaces.
and every where--on thepalace steps, and the great promenade, around the fountains, among thetrees, and far under the arches of the endless avenues--hundreds andhundreds of people in gay costumes walked or ran or danced, and gave tothe fairy picture the life and animation which was all of perfection itcould have lacked.
it was worth a pilgrimage to see.
everything is on so gigantic a scale.
nothing is small--nothing is cheap.
the statues are all large; thepalace is grand; the park covers a fair-sized county; the avenues areinterminable.
all the distances and all the dimensions about versaillesare vast.
i used to think the pictures exaggerated these distances andthese dimensions beyond all reason, and that they made versailles morebeautiful than it was possible for any place in the world to be.
i knownow that the pictures never came up to the subject in any respect, andthat no painter could represent versailles on canvas as beautiful as itis in reality.
i used to abuse louis xiv for spending two hundredmillions of dollars in creating this marvelous park, when bread was soscarce with some of his subjects; but i have forgiven him now.
he took atract of land sixty miles in circumference and set to work to make thispark and build this palace and a road to it from paris.
he kept 36,000men employed daily on it, and the labor was so unhealthy that they usedto die and be hauled off by cartloads every night.
the wife of anobleman of the time speaks of this as an "inconvenience," but naivelyremarks that "it does not seem worthy of attention in the happy state oftranquillity we now enjoy."
i always thought ill of people at home who trimmed their shrubbery intopyramids and squares and spires and all manner of unnatural shapes, andwhen i saw the same thing being practiced in this great park i began tofeel dissatisfied.
but i soon saw the idea of the thing and the wisdomof it.
they seek the general effect.
we distort a dozen sickly treesinto unaccustomed shapes in a little yard no bigger than a dining room,and then surely they look absurd enough.
but here they take two hundredthousand tall forest trees and set them in a double row; allow no sign ofleaf or branch to grow on the trunk lower down than six feet above theground; from that point the boughs begin to project, and very graduallythey extend outward further and further till they meet overhead, and afaultless tunnel of foliage is formed.
the arch is mathematicallyprecise.
the effect is then very fine.
they make trees take fiftydifferent shapes, and so these quaint effects are infinitely varied andpicturesque.
the trees in no two avenues are shaped alike, andconsequently the eye is not fatigued with anything in the nature ofmonotonous uniformity.
i will drop this subject now, leaving it toothers to determine how these people manage to make endless ranks oflofty forest trees grow to just a certain thickness of trunk (say a footand two-thirds); how they make them spring to precisely the same heightfor miles; how they make them grow so close together; how they compel onehuge limb to spring from the same identical spot on each tree and formthe main sweep of the arch; and how all these things are kept exactly inthe same condition and in the same exquisite shapeliness and symmetrymonth after month and year after year--for i have tried to reason out theproblem and have failed.
we walked through the great hall of sculpture and the one hundred andfifty galleries of paintings in the palace of versailles, and felt thatto be in such a place was useless unless one had a whole year at hisdisposal.
these pictures are all battle scenes, and only one solitarylittle canvas among them all treats of anything but great frenchvictories.
we wandered, also, through the grand trianon and the petittrianon, those monuments of royal prodigality, and with histories somournful--filled, as it is, with souvenirs of napoleon the first, andthree dead kings and as many queens.
in one sumptuous bed they had allslept in succession, but no one occupies it now.
in a large dining roomstood the table at which louis xiv and his mistress madame maintenon, andafter them louis xv, and pompadour, had sat at their meals naked andunattended--for the table stood upon a trapdoor, which descended with itto regions below when it was necessary to replenish its dishes.
in aroom of the petit trianon stood the furniture, just as poor marieantoinette left it when the mob came and dragged her and the king toparis, never to return.
near at hand, in the stables, were prodigiouscarriages that showed no color but gold--carriages used by former kingsof france on state occasions, and never used now save when a kingly headis to be crowned or an imperial infant christened.
and with them weresome curious sleighs, whose bodies were shaped like lions, swans, tigers,etc.--vehicles that had once been handsome with pictured designs andfine workmanship, but were dusty and decaying now.
they had theirhistory.
when louis xiv had finished the grand trianon, he toldmaintenon he had created a paradise for her, and asked if she could thinkof anything now to wish for.
he said he wished the trianon to beperfection--nothing less.
she said she could think of but one thing--itwas summer, and it was balmy france--yet she would like well to sleighride in the leafy avenues of versailles!
the next morning found milesand miles of grassy avenues spread thick with snowy salt and sugar, and aprocession of those quaint sleighs waiting to receive the chief concubineof the gaiest and most unprincipled court that france has ever seen!
from sumptuous versailles, with its palaces, its statues, its gardens,and its fountains, we journeyed back to paris and sought its antipodes--the faubourg st. antoine.
little, narrow streets; dirty childrenblockading them; greasy, slovenly women capturing and spanking them;filthy dens on first floors, with rag stores in them (the heaviestbusiness in the faubourg is the chiffonier's); other filthy dens wherewhole suits of second and third-hand clothing are sold at prices thatwould ruin any proprietor who did not steal his stock; still other filthydens where they sold groceries--sold them by the half-pennyworth--fivedollars would buy the man out, goodwill and all.
up these little crookedstreets they will murder a man for seven dollars and dump the body in theseine.
and up some other of these streets--most of them, i should say--live lorettes.
all through this faubourg st. antoine, misery, poverty, vice, and crimego hand in hand, and the evidences of it stare one in the face from everyside.
here the people live who begin the revolutions.
whenever there isanything of that kind to be done, they are always ready.
they take asmuch genuine pleasure in building a barricade as they do in cutting athroat or shoving a friend into the seine.
it is these savage-lookingruffians who storm the splendid halls of the tuileries occasionally, andswarm into versailles when a king is to be called to account.
but they will build no more barricades, they will break no more soldiers'heads with paving-stones.
louis napoleon has taken care of all that.
heis annihilating the crooked streets and building in their stead nobleboulevards as straight as an arrow--avenues which a cannon ball couldtraverse from end to end without meeting an obstruction more irresistiblethan the flesh and bones of men--boulevards whose stately edifices willnever afford refuges and plotting places for starving, discontentedrevolution breeders.
five of these great thoroughfares radiate from oneample centre--a centre which is exceedingly well adapted to theaccommodation of heavy artillery.
the mobs used to riot there, but theymust seek another rallying-place in future.
and this ingenious napoleonpaves the streets of his great cities with a smooth, compact compositionof asphaltum and sand.
no more barricades of flagstones--no moreassaulting his majesty's troops with cobbles.
i cannot feel friendlytoward my quondam fellow-american, napoleon iii., especially at thistime,--[july, 1867.]
--when in fancy i see his credulous victim,maximilian, lying stark and stiff in mexico, and his maniac widowwatching eagerly from her french asylum for the form that will nevercome--but i do admire his nerve, his calm self-reliance, his shrewd goodsense.
we had a pleasant journey of it seaward again.
we found that for thethree past nights our ship had been in a state of war.
the first nightthe sailors of a british ship, being happy with grog, came down on thepier and challenged our sailors to a free fight.
they accepted withalacrity, repaired to the pier, and gained--their share of a drawnbattle.
several bruised and bloody members of both parties were carriedoff by the police and imprisoned until the following morning.
the nextnight the british boys came again to renew the fight, but our men had hadstrict orders to remain on board and out of sight.
they did so, and thebesieging party grew noisy and more and more abusive as the fact becameapparent (to them) that our men were afraid to come out.
they went awayfinally with a closing burst of ridicule and offensive epithets.
thethird night they came again and were more obstreperous than ever.
theyswaggered up and down the almost deserted pier, and hurled curses,obscenity, and stinging sarcasms at our crew.
it was more than humannature could bear.
the executive officer ordered our men ashore--withinstructions not to fight.
they charged the british and gained abrilliant victory.
i probably would not have mentioned this war had itended differently.
but i travel to learn, and i still remember that theypicture no french defeats in the battle-galleries of versailles.
it was like home to us to step on board the comfortable ship again andsmoke and lounge about her breezy decks.
and yet it was not altogetherlike home, either, because so many members of the family were away.
wemissed some pleasant faces which we would rather have found at dinner,and at night there were gaps in the euchre-parties which could not besatisfactorily filled.
"moult"  was in england, jack in switzerland,charley in spain.
blucher was gone, none could tell where.
but we wereat sea again, and we had the stars and the ocean to look at, and plentyof room to meditate in.
in due time the shores of italy were sighted, and as we stood gazing fromthe decks, early in the bright summer morning, the stately city of genoarose up out of the sea and flung back the sunlight from her hundredpalaces.
here we rest for the present--or rather, here we have been trying torest, for some little time, but we run about too much to accomplish agreat deal in that line.
i would like to remain here.
i had rather not go any further.
there maybe prettier women in europe, but i doubt it.
the population of genoa is120,000; two-thirds of these are women, i think, and at least two-thirdsof the women are beautiful.
they are as dressy and as tasteful and asgraceful as they could possibly be without being angels.
however, angelsare not very dressy, i believe.
at least the angels in pictures are not--they wear nothing but wings.
but these genoese women do look socharming.
most of the young demoiselles are robed in a cloud of whitefrom head to foot, though many trick themselves out more elaborately.
nine-tenths of them wear nothing on their heads but a filmy sort of veil,which falls down their backs like a white mist.
they are very fair, andmany of them have blue eyes, but black and dreamy dark brown ones are metwith oftenest.
the ladies and gentlemen of genoa have a pleasant fashion of promenadingin a large park on the top of a hill in the center of the city, from sixtill nine in the evening, and then eating ices in a neighboring garden anhour or two longer.
we went to the park on sunday evening.
two thousandpersons were present, chiefly young ladies and gentlemen.
the gentlemenwere dressed in the very latest paris fashions, and the robes of theladies glinted among the trees like so many snowflakes.
the multitudemoved round and round the park in a great procession.
the bands played,and so did the fountains; the moon and the gas lamps lit up the scene,and altogether it was a brilliant and an animated picture.
i scannedevery female face that passed, and it seemed to me that all werehandsome.
i never saw such a freshet of loveliness before.
i did notsee how a man of only ordinary decision of character could marry here,because before he could get his mind made up he would fall in love withsomebody else.
never smoke any italian tobacco.
never do it on any account.
it makesme shudder to think what it must be made of.
you cannot throw an oldcigar "stub" down anywhere, but some vagabond will pounce upon it on theinstant.
i like to smoke a good deal, but it wounds my sensibilities tosee one of these stub-hunters watching me out of the corners of hishungry eyes and calculating how long my cigar will be likely to last.
it reminded me too painfully of that san francisco undertaker who used togo to sick-beds with his watch in his hand and time the corpse.
one ofthese stub-hunters followed us all over the park last night, and we neverhad a smoke that was worth anything.
we were always moved to appease himwith the stub before the cigar was half gone, because he looked soviciously anxious.
he regarded us as his own legitimate prey, by rightof discovery, i think, because he drove off several other professionalswho wanted to take stock in us.
now, they surely must chew up those old stubs, and dry and sell them forsmoking-tobacco.
therefore, give your custom to other than italianbrands of the article.
"the superb" and the "city of palaces" are names which genoa has held forcenturies.
she is full of palaces, certainly, and the palaces aresumptuous inside, but they are very rusty without and make no pretensionsto architectural magnificence.
"genoa the superb" would be a felicitoustitle if it referred to the women.
we have visited several of the palaces--immense thick-walled piles, withgreat stone staircases, tesselated marble pavements on the floors,(sometimes they make a mosaic work, of intricate designs, wrought inpebbles or little fragments of marble laid in cement,) and grand salonshung with pictures by rubens, guido, titian, paul veronese, and so on,and portraits of heads of the family, in plumed helmets and gallant coatsof mail, and patrician ladies in stunning costumes of centuries ago.
but, of course, the folks were all out in the country for the summer, andmight not have known enough to ask us to dinner if they had been at home,and so all the grand empty salons, with their resounding pavements, theirgrim pictures of dead ancestors, and tattered banners with the dust ofbygone centuries upon them, seemed to brood solemnly of death and thegrave, and our spirits ebbed away, and our cheerfulness passed from us.
we never went up to the eleventh story.
we always began to suspectghosts.
there was always an undertaker-looking servant along, too, whohanded us a program, pointed to the picture that began the list of thesalon he was in, and then stood stiff and stark and unsmiling in hispetrified livery till we were ready to move on to the next chamber,whereupon he marched sadly ahead and took up another malignantlyrespectful position as before.
i wasted so much time praying that theroof would fall in on these dispiriting flunkies that i had but littleleft to bestow upon palace and pictures.
and besides, as in paris, we had a guide.
perdition catch all theguides.
this one said he was the most gifted linguist in genoa, as faras english was concerned, and that only two persons in the city besidehimself could talk the language at all.
he showed us the birthplace ofchristopher columbus, and after we had reflected in silent awe before itfor fifteen minutes, he said it was not the birthplace of columbus, butof columbus' grandmother!
when we demanded an explanation of his conducthe only shrugged his shoulders and answered in barbarous italian.
ishall speak further of this guide in a future chapter.
all theinformation we got out of him we shall be able to carry along with us, ithink.
i have not been to church so often in a long time as i have in the lastfew weeks.
the people in these old lands seem to make churches theirspecialty.
especially does this seem to be the case with the citizens ofgenoa.
i think there is a church every three or four hundred yards allover town.
the streets are sprinkled from end to end with shovel-hatted,long-robed, well-fed priests, and the church bells by dozens are pealingall the day long, nearly.
every now and then one comes across a friar oforders gray, with shaven head, long, coarse robe, rope girdle and beads,and with feet cased in sandals or entirely bare.
these worthies sufferin the flesh and do penance all their lives, i suppose, but they looklike consummate famine-breeders.
they are all fat and serene.
the old cathedral of san lorenzo is about as notable a building as wehave found in genoa.
it is vast, and has colonnades of noble pillars,and a great organ, and the customary pomp of gilded moldings, pictures,frescoed ceilings, and so forth.
i cannot describe it, of course--itwould require a good many pages to do that.
but it is a curious place.
they said that half of it--from the front door halfway down to the altar--was a jewish synagogue before the saviour was born, and that noalteration had been made in it since that time.
we doubted thestatement, but did it reluctantly.
we would much rather have believedit.
the place looked in too perfect repair to be so ancient.
the main point of interest about the cathedral is the little chapel ofst. john the baptist.
they only allow women to enter it on one day inthe year, on account of the animosity they still cherish against the sexbecause of the murder of the saint to gratify a caprice of herodias.
inthis chapel is a marble chest, in which, they told us, were the ashes ofst. john; and around it was wound a chain, which, they said, had confinedhim when he was in prison.
we did not desire to disbelieve thesestatements, and yet we could not feel certain that they were correct--partly because we could have broken that chain, and so could st. john,and partly because we had seen st. john's ashes before, in anotherchurch.
we could not bring ourselves to think st. john had two sets ofashes.
they also showed us a portrait of the madonna which was painted by st.luke, and it did not look half as old and smoky as some of the picturesby rubens.
we could not help admiring the apostle's modesty in neveronce mentioning in his writings that he could paint.
but isn't this relic matter a little overdone?
we find a piece of thetrue cross in every old church we go into, and some of the nails thatheld it together.
i would not like to be positive, but i think we haveseen as much as a keg of these nails.
then there is the crown of thorns;they have part of one in sainte chapelle, in paris, and part of one alsoin notre dame.
and as for bones of st. denis, i feel certain we haveseen enough of them to duplicate him if necessary.
i only meant to write about the churches, but i keep wandering from thesubject.
i could say that the church of the annunciation is a wildernessof beautiful columns, of statues, gilded moldings, and pictures almostcountless, but that would give no one an entirely perfect idea of thething, and so where is the use?
one family built the whole edifice, andhave got money left.
there is where the mystery lies.
we had an idea atfirst that only a mint could have survived the expense.
these people here live in the heaviest, highest, broadest, darkest,solidest houses one can imagine.
each one might "laugh a siege toscorn."
a hundred feet front and a hundred high is about the style, andyou go up three flights of stairs before you begin to come upon signs ofoccupancy.
everything is stone, and stone of the heaviest--floors,stairways, mantels, benches--everything.
the walls are four to five feetthick.
the streets generally are four or five to eight feet wide and ascrooked as a corkscrew.
you go along one of these gloomy cracks, andlook up and behold the sky like a mere ribbon of light, far above yourhead, where the tops of the tall houses on either side of the street bendalmost together.
you feel as if you were at the bottom of sometremendous abyss, with all the world far above you.
you wind in and outand here and there, in the most mysterious way, and have no more idea ofthe points of the compass than if you were a blind man.
you can neverpersuade yourself that these are actually streets, and the frowning,dingy, monstrous houses dwellings, till you see one of these beautiful,prettily dressed women emerge from them--see her emerge from a dark,dreary-looking den that looks dungeon all over, from the ground awayhalfway up to heaven.
and then you wonder that such a charming mothcould come from such a forbidding shell as that.
the streets are wiselymade narrow and the houses heavy and thick and stony, in order that thepeople may be cool in this roasting climate.
and they are cool, and stayso.
and while i think of it--the men wear hats and have very darkcomplexions, but the women wear no headgear but a flimsy veil like agossamer's web, and yet are exceedingly fair as a general thing.
singular, isn't it?
the huge palaces of genoa are each supposed to be occupied by one family,but they could accommodate a hundred, i should think.
they are relics ofthe grandeur of genoa's palmy days--the days when she was a greatcommercial and maritime power several centuries ago.
these houses, solidmarble palaces though they be, are in many cases of a dull pinkish color,outside, and from pavement to eaves are pictured with genoese battlescenes, with monstrous jupiters and cupids, and with familiarillustrations from grecian mythology.
where the paint has yielded to ageand exposure and is peeling off in flakes and patches, the effect is nothappy.
a noseless cupid or a jupiter with an eye out or a venus with afly-blister on her breast, are not attractive features in a picture.
some of these painted walls reminded me somewhat of the tall van,plastered with fanciful bills and posters, that follows the bandwagon ofa circus about a country village.
i have not read or heard that theoutsides of the houses of any other european city are frescoed in thisway.
i can not conceive of such a thing as genoa in ruins.
such massivearches, such ponderous substructions as support these toweringbroad-winged edifices, we have seldom seen before; and surely the greatblocks of stone of which these edifices are built can never decay; wallsthat are as thick as an ordinary american doorway is high cannotcrumble.
the republics of genoa and pisa were very powerful in the middle ages.
their ships filled the mediterranean, and they carried on an extensivecommerce with constantinople and syria.
their warehouses were the greatdistributing depots from whence the costly merchandise of the east wassent abroad over europe.
they were warlike little nations and defied, inthose days, governments that overshadow them now as mountains overshadowmolehills.
the saracens captured and pillaged genoa nine hundred yearsago, but during the following century genoa and pisa entered into anoffensive and defensive alliance and besieged the saracen colonies insardinia and the balearic isles with an obstinacy that maintained itspristine vigor and held to its purpose for forty long years.
they werevictorious at last and divided their conquests equably among their greatpatrician families.
descendants of some of those proud families stillinhabit the palaces of genoa, and trace in their own features aresemblance to the grim knights whose portraits hang in their statelyhalls, and to pictured beauties with pouting lips and merry eyes whoseoriginals have been dust and ashes for many a dead and forgotten century.
the hotel we live in belonged to one of those great orders of knights ofthe cross in the times of the crusades, and its mailed sentinels oncekept watch and ward in its massive turrets and woke the echoes of thesehalls and corridors with their iron heels.
but genoa's greatness has degenerated into an unostentatious commerce invelvets and silver filagree-work.
they say that each european town hasits specialty.
these filagree things are genoa's specialty.
her smithstake silver ingots and work them up into all manner of graceful andbeautiful forms.
they make bunches of flowers, from flakes and wires ofsilver, that counterfeit the delicate creations the frost weaves upon awindowpane; and we were shown a miniature silver temple whose flutedcolumns, whose corinthian capitals and rich entablatures, whose spire,statues, bells, and ornate lavishness of sculpture were wrought inpolished silver, and with such matchless art that every detail was afascinating study and the finished edifice a wonder of beauty.
we are ready to move again, though we are not really tired yet of thenarrow passages of this old marble cave.
cave is a good word--whenspeaking of genoa under the stars.
when we have been prowling atmidnight through the gloomy crevices they call streets, where nofootfalls but ours were echoing, where only ourselves were abroad, andlights appeared only at long intervals and at a distance, andmysteriously disappeared again, and the houses at our elbows seemed tostretch upward farther than ever toward the heavens, the memory of a cavei used to know at home was always in my mind, with its lofty passages,its silence and solitude, its shrouding gloom, its sepulchral echoes, itsflitting lights, and more than all, its sudden revelations of branchingcrevices and corridors where we least expected them.
we are not tired of the endless processions of cheerful, chatteringgossipers that throng these courts and streets all day long, either; norof the coarse-robed monks; nor of the "asti" wines, which that old doctor(whom we call the oracle,) with customary felicity in the matter ofgetting everything wrong, misterms "nasty."
but we must go,nevertheless.
our last sight was the cemetery (a burial place intended to accommodate60,000 bodies,) and we shall continue to remember it after we shall haveforgotten the palaces.
it is a vast marble collonaded corridor extendingaround a great unoccupied square of ground; its broad floor is marble,and on every slab is an inscription--for every slab covers a corpse.
oneither side, as one walks down the middle of the passage, are monuments,tombs, and sculptured figures that are exquisitely wrought and are fullof grace and beauty.
they are new and snowy; every outline is perfect,every feature guiltless of mutilation, flaw, or blemish; and therefore,to us these far-reaching ranks of bewitching forms are a hundred foldmore lovely than the damaged and dingy statuary they have saved from thewreck of ancient art and set up in the galleries of paris for the worshipof the world.
well provided with cigars and other necessaries of life, we are now readyto take the cars for milan.
all day long we sped through a mountainous country whose peaks werebright with sunshine, whose hillsides were dotted with pretty villassitting in the midst of gardens and shrubbery, and whose deep ravineswere cool and shady and looked ever so inviting from where we and thebirds were winging our flight through the sultry upper air.
we had plenty of chilly tunnels wherein to check our perspiration,though.
we timed one of them.
we were twenty minutes passing throughit, going at the rate of thirty to thirty-five miles an hour.
beyond alessandria we passed the battle-field of marengo.
toward dusk we drew near milan and caught glimpses of the city and theblue mountain peaks beyond.
but we were not caring for these things--they did not interest us in the least.
we were in a fever of impatience;we were dying to see the renowned cathedral!
we watched--in thisdirection and that--all around--everywhere.
we needed no one to point itout--we did not wish any one to point it out--we would recognize it evenin the desert of the great sahara.
at last, a forest of graceful needles, shimmering in the amber sunlight,rose slowly above the pygmy housetops, as one sometimes sees, in the farhorizon, a gilded and pinnacled mass of cloud lift itself above the wasteof waves, at sea,--the cathedral!
we knew it in a moment.
half of that night, and all of the next day, this architectural autocratwas our sole object of interest.
what a wonder it is!
so grand, so solemn, so vast!
and yet so delicate,so airy, so graceful!
a very world of solid weight, and yet it seems inthe soft moonlight only a fairy delusion of frost-work that might vanishwith a breath!
how sharply its pinnacled angles and its wilderness ofspires were cut against the sky, and how richly their shadows fell uponits snowy roof!
it was a vision!--a miracle!--an anthem sung in stone, apoem wrought in marble!
howsoever you look at the great cathedral, it is noble, it is beautiful!
wherever you stand in milan or within seven miles of milan, it is visibleand when it is visible, no other object can chain your whole attention.
leave your eyes unfettered by your will but a single instant and theywill surely turn to seek it.
it is the first thing you look for when yourise in the morning, and the last your lingering gaze rests upon atnight.
surely it must be the princeliest creation that ever brain of manconceived.
at nine o'clock in the morning we went and stood before this marblecolossus.
the central one of its five great doors is bordered with abas-relief of birds and fruits and beasts and insects, which have been soingeniously carved out of the marble that they seem like livingcreatures--and the figures are so numerous and the design so complex thatone might study it a week without exhausting its interest.
on the greatsteeple--surmounting the myriad of spires--inside of the spires--over thedoors, the windows--in nooks and corners--every where that a niche or aperch can be found about the enormous building, from summit to base,there is a marble statue, and every statue is a study in itself!
raphael, angelo, canova--giants like these gave birth to the designs, andtheir own pupils carved them.
every face is eloquent with expression,and every attitude is full of grace.
away above, on the lofty roof, rankon rank of carved and fretted spires spring high in the air, and throughtheir rich tracery one sees the sky beyond.
in their midst the centralsteeple towers proudly up like the mainmast of some great indiaman amonga fleet of coasters.
we wished to go aloft.
the sacristan showed us a marble stairway (ofcourse it was marble, and of the purest and whitest--there is no otherstone, no brick, no wood, among its building materials) and told us to goup one hundred and eighty-two steps and stop till he came.
it was notnecessary to say stop--we should have done that any how.
we were tiredby the time we got there.
this was the roof.
here, springing from itsbroad marble flagstones, were the long files of spires, looking very tallclose at hand, but diminishing in the distance like the pipes of anorgan.
we could see now that the statue on the top of each was the sizeof a large man, though they all looked like dolls from the street.
wecould see, also, that from the inside of each and every one of thesehollow spires, from sixteen to thirty-one beautiful marble statues lookedout upon the world below.
from the eaves to the comb of the roof stretched in endless successiongreat curved marble beams, like the fore-and-aft braces of a steamboat,and along each beam from end to end stood up a row of richly carvedflowers and fruits--each separate and distinct in kind, and over 15,000species represented.
at a little distance these rows seem to closetogether like the ties of a railroad track, and then the minglingtogether of the buds and blossoms of this marble garden forms a picturethat is very charming to the eye.
we descended and entered.
within the church, long rows of flutedcolumns, like huge monuments, divided the building into broad aisles, andon the figured pavement fell many a soft blush from the painted windowsabove.
i knew the church was very large, but i could not fullyappreciate its great size until i noticed that the men standing far downby the altar looked like boys, and seemed to glide, rather than walk.
weloitered about gazing aloft at the monster windows all aglow withbrilliantly colored scenes in the lives of the saviour and his followers.
some of these pictures are mosaics, and so artistically are theirthousand particles of tinted glass or stone put together that the workhas all the smoothness and finish of a painting.
we counted sixty panesof glass in one window, and each pane was adorned with one of thesemaster achievements of genius and patience.
the guide showed us a coffee-colored piece of sculpture which he said wasconsidered to have come from the hand of phidias, since it was notpossible that any other artist, of any epoch, could have copied naturewith such faultless accuracy.
the figure was that of a man without askin; with every vein, artery, muscle, every fiber and tendon and tissueof the human frame represented in minute detail.
it looked natural,because somehow it looked as if it were in pain.
a skinned man would belikely to look that way unless his attention were occupied with someother matter.
it was a hideous thing, and yet there was a fascinationabout it some where.
i am very sorry i saw it, because i shall alwayssee it now.
i shall dream of it sometimes.
i shall dream that it isresting its corded arms on the bed's head and looking down on me with itsdead eyes; i shall dream that it is stretched between the sheets with meand touching me with its exposed muscles and its stringy cold legs.
it is hard to forget repulsive things.
i remember yet how i ran off fromschool once, when i was a boy, and then, pretty late at night, concludedto climb into the window of my father's office and sleep on a lounge,because i had a delicacy about going home and getting thrashed.
as i layon the lounge and my eyes grew accustomed to the darkness, i fancied icould see a long, dusky, shapeless thing stretched upon the floor.
acold shiver went through me.
i turned my face to the wall.
that did notanswer.
i was afraid that that thing would creep over and seize me inthe dark.
i turned back and stared at it for minutes and minutes--theyseemed hours.
it appeared to me that the lagging moonlight never, neverwould get to it.
i turned to the wall and counted twenty, to pass thefeverish time away.
i looked--the pale square was nearer.
i turnedagain and counted fifty--it was almost touching it.
with desperate willi turned again and counted one hundred, and faced about, all in atremble.
a white human hand lay in the moonlight!
such an awful sinkingat the heart--such a sudden gasp for breath!
i felt--i cannot tell whati felt.
when i recovered strength enough, i faced the wall again.
butno boy could have remained so with that mysterious hand behind him.
icounted again and looked--the most of a naked arm was exposed.
i put myhands over my eyes and counted till i could stand it no longer, and then--the pallid face of a man was there, with the corners of the mouth drawndown, and the eyes fixed and glassy in death!
i raised to a sittingposture and glowered on that corpse till the light crept down the barebreastline by line--inch by inch--past the nipple--and then it discloseda ghastly stab!
i went away from there.
i do not say that i went away in any sort of ahurry, but i simply went--that is sufficient.
i went out at the window,and i carried the sash along with me.
i did not need the sash, but itwas handier to take it than it was to leave it, and so i took it.--i wasnot scared, but i was considerably agitated.
when i reached home, they whipped me, but i enjoyed it.
it seemedperfectly delightful.
that man had been stabbed near the office thatafternoon, and they carried him in there to doctor him, but he only livedan hour.
i have slept in the same room with him often since then--in mydreams.
now we will descend into the crypt, under the grand altar of milancathedral, and receive an impressive sermon from lips that have beensilent and hands that have been gestureless for three hundred years.
the priest stopped in a small dungeon and held up his candle.
this wasthe last resting-place of a good man, a warm-hearted, unselfish man; aman whose whole life was given to succoring the poor, encouraging thefaint-hearted, visiting the sick; in relieving distress, whenever andwherever he found it.
his heart, his hand, and his purse were alwaysopen.
with his story in one's mind he can almost see his benignantcountenance moving calmly among the haggard faces of milan in the dayswhen the plague swept the city, brave where all others were cowards, fullof compassion where pity had been crushed out of all other breasts by theinstinct of self-preservation gone mad with terror, cheering all, prayingwith all, helping all, with hand and brain and purse, at a time whenparents forsook their children, the friend deserted the friend, and thebrother turned away from the sister while her pleadings were stillwailing in his ears.
this was good st. charles borromeo, bishop of milan.
the people idolizedhim; princes lavished uncounted treasures upon him.
we stood in histomb.
near by was the sarcophagus, lighted by the dripping candles.
thewalls were faced with bas-reliefs representing scenes in his life done inmassive silver.
the priest put on a short white lace garment over hisblack robe, crossed himself, bowed reverently, and began to turn awindlass slowly.
the sarcophagus separated in two parts, lengthwise, andthe lower part sank down and disclosed a coffin of rock crystal as clearas the atmosphere.
within lay the body, robed in costly habilimentscovered with gold embroidery and starred with scintillating gems.
thedecaying head was black with age, the dry skin was drawn tight to thebones, the eyes were gone, there was a hole in the temple and another inthe cheek, and the skinny lips were parted as in a ghastly smile!
overthis dreadful face, its dust and decay and its mocking grin, hung a crownsown thick with flashing brilliants; and upon the breast lay crosses andcroziers of solid gold that were splendid with emeralds and diamonds.
how poor, and cheap, and trivial these gew-gaws seemed in presence of thesolemnity, the grandeur, the awful majesty of death!
think of milton,shakespeare, washington, standing before a reverent world tricked out inthe glass beads, the brass ear-rings and tin trumpery of the savages ofthe plains!
dead bartolomeo preached his pregnant sermon, and its burden was: youthat worship the vanities of earth--you that long for worldly honor,worldly wealth, worldly fame--behold their worth!
to us it seemed that so good a man, so kind a heart, so simple a nature,deserved rest and peace in a grave sacred from the intrusion of pryingeyes, and believed that he himself would have preferred to have it so,but peradventure our wisdom was at fault in this regard.
as we came out upon the floor of the church again, another priestvolunteered to show us the treasures of the church.
the furniture of the narrow chamber of death we had justvisited weighed six millions of francs in ounces and carats alone,without a penny thrown into the account for the costly workmanshipbestowed upon them!
but we followed into a large room filled with tallwooden presses like wardrobes.
he threw them open, and behold, thecargoes of "crude bullion" of the assay offices of nevada faded out of mymemory.
there were virgins and bishops there, above their natural size,made of solid silver, each worth, by weight, from eight hundred thousandto two millions of francs, and bearing gemmed books in their hands wortheighty thousand; there were bas-reliefs that weighed six hundred pounds,carved in solid silver; croziers and crosses, and candlesticks six andeight feet high, all of virgin gold, and brilliant with precious stones;and beside these were all manner of cups and vases, and such things, richin proportion.
it was an aladdin's palace.
the treasures here, bysimple weight, without counting workmanship, were valued at fiftymillions of francs!
if i could get the custody of them for a while, ifear me the market price of silver bishops would advance shortly, onaccount of their exceeding scarcity in the cathedral of milan.
the priests showed us two of st. paul's fingers, and one of st. peter's;a bone of judas iscariot, (it was black,) and also bones of all the otherdisciples; a handkerchief in which the saviour had left the impression ofhis face.
among the most precious of the relics were a stone from theholy sepulchre, part of the crown of thorns, (they have a whole one atnotre dame,) a fragment of the purple robe worn by the saviour, a nailfrom the cross, and a picture of the virgin and child painted by theveritable hand of st. luke.
this is the second of st. luke's virgins wehave seen.
once a year all these holy relics are carried in processionthrough the streets of milan.
i like to revel in the dryest details of the great cathedral.
thebuilding is five hundred feet long by one hundred and eighty wide, andthe principal steeple is in the neighborhood of four hundred feet high.
it has 7,148 marble statues, and will have upwards of three thousand morewhen it is finished.
in addition it has one thousand five hundredbas-reliefs.
it has one hundred and thirty-six spires--twenty-one moreare to be added.
each spire is surmounted by a statue six and a halffeet high.
every thing about the church is marble, and all from thesame quarry; it was bequeathed to the archbishopric for this purposecenturies ago.
so nothing but the mere workmanship costs; still that isexpensive--the bill foots up six hundred and eighty-four millions offrancs thus far (considerably over a hundred millions of dollars,) andit is estimated that it will take a hundred and twenty years yet tofinish the cathedral.
it looks complete, but is far from being so.
wesaw a new statue put in its niche yesterday, alongside of one which hadbeen standing these four hundred years, they said.
there are fourstaircases leading up to the main steeple, each of which cost a hundredthousand dollars, with the four hundred and eight statues which adornthem.
marco compioni was the architect who designed the wonderfulstructure more than five hundred years ago, and it took him forty-sixyears to work out the plan and get it ready to hand over to thebuilders.
he is dead now.
the building was begun a little less thanfive hundred years ago, and the third generation hence will not see itcompleted.
the building looks best by moonlight, because the older portions of it,being stained with age, contrast unpleasantly with the newer and whiterportions.
it seems somewhat too broad for its height, but may befamiliarity with it might dissipate this impression.
they say that the cathedral of milan is second only to st. peter's atrome.
i cannot understand how it can be second to anything made by humanhands.
we bid it good-bye, now--possibly for all time.
how surely, in somefuture day, when the memory of it shall have lost its vividness, shall wehalf believe we have seen it in a wonderful dream, but never with wakingeyes!
"do you wis zo haut can be?"
that was what the guide asked when we were looking up at the bronzehorses on the arch of peace.
it meant, do you wish to go up there?
i give it as a specimen of guide-english.
these are the people that makelife a burthen to the tourist.
their tongues are never still.
they talkforever and forever, and that is the kind of billingsgate they use.
inspiration itself could hardly comprehend them.
if they would only showyou a masterpiece of art, or a venerable tomb, or a prison-house, or abattle-field, hallowed by touching memories or historical reminiscences,or grand traditions, and then step aside and hold still for ten minutesand let you think, it would not be so bad.
but they interrupt everydream, every pleasant train of thought, with their tiresome cackling.
sometimes when i have been standing before some cherished old idol ofmine that i remembered years and years ago in pictures in the geographyat school, i have thought i would give a whole world if the human parrotat my side would suddenly perish where he stood and leave me to gaze, andponder, and worship.
no, we did not "wis zo haut can be."
we wished to go to la scala, thelargest theater in the world, i think they call it.
we did so.
it was alarge place.
seven separate and distinct masses of humanity--six greatcircles and a monster parquette.
we wished to go to the ambrosian library, and we did that also.
we saw amanuscript of virgil, with annotations in the handwriting of petrarch,the gentleman who loved another man's laura, and lavished upon her allthrough life a love which was a clear waste of the raw material.
it wassound sentiment, but bad judgment.
it brought both parties fame, andcreated a fountain of commiseration for them in sentimental breasts thatis running yet.
but who says a word in behalf of poor mr. laura?
(i donot know his other name.)
who glorifies him?
who bedews him with tears?
who writes poetry about him?
how do you suppose he liked thestate of things that has given the world so much pleasure?
how did heenjoy having another man following his wife every where and making hername a familiar word in every garlic-exterminating mouth in italy withhis sonnets to her pre-empted eyebrows?
they got fame and sympathy--hegot neither.
this is a peculiarly felicitous instance of what is calledpoetical justice.
it is all very fine; but it does not chime with mynotions of right.
it is too one-sided--too ungenerous.
let the world go on fretting about laura and petrarch if it will; but asfor me, my tears and my lamentations shall be lavished upon the unsungdefendant.
we saw also an autograph letter of lucrezia borgia, a lady for whom ihave always entertained the highest respect, on account of her rarehistrionic capabilities, her opulence in solid gold goblets made ofgilded wood, her high distinction as an operatic screamer, and thefacility with which she could order a sextuple funeral and get thecorpses ready for it.
we saw one single coarse yellow hair fromlucrezia's head, likewise.
it awoke emotions, but we still live.
inthis same library we saw some drawings by michael angelo (these italianscall him mickel angelo,) and leonardo da vinci.
(they spell it vinci andpronounce it vinchy; foreigners always spell better than they pronounce.)
we reserve our opinion of these sketches.
in another building they showed us a fresco representing some lions andother beasts drawing chariots; and they seemed to project so far from thewall that we took them to be sculptures.
the artist had shrewdlyheightened the delusion by painting dust on the creatures' backs, as ifit had fallen there naturally and properly.
smart fellow--if it be smartto deceive strangers.
elsewhere we saw a huge roman amphitheatre, with its stone seats still ingood preservation.
modernized, it is now the scene of more peacefulrecreations than the exhibition of a party of wild beasts with christiansfor dinner.
part of the time, the milanese use it for a race track, andat other seasons they flood it with water and have spirited yachtingregattas there.
the guide told us these things, and he would hardly tryso hazardous an experiment as the telling of a falsehood, when it is allhe can do to speak the truth in english without getting the lock-jaw.
in another place we were shown a sort of summer arbor, with a fencebefore it.
we said that was nothing.
we looked again, and saw, throughthe arbor, an endless stretch of garden, and shrubbery, and grassy lawn.
we were perfectly willing to go in there and rest, but it could not bedone.
it was only another delusion--a painting by some ingenious artistwith little charity in his heart for tired folk.
the deception wasperfect.
no one could have imagined the park was not real.
we eventhought we smelled the flowers at first.
we got a carriage at twilight and drove in the shaded avenues with theother nobility, and after dinner we took wine and ices in a fine gardenwith the great public.
the music was excellent, the flowers andshrubbery were pleasant to the eye, the scene was vivacious, everybodywas genteel and well-behaved, and the ladies were slightly moustached,and handsomely dressed, but very homely.
we adjourned to a cafe and played billiards an hour, and i made six orseven points by the doctor pocketing his ball, and he made as many by mypocketing my ball.
we came near making a carom sometimes, but not theone we were trying to make.
the table was of the usual european style--cushions dead and twice as high as the balls; the cues in bad repair.
the natives play only a sort of pool on them.
we have never seen anybody playing the french three-ball game yet, and i doubt if there is anysuch game known in france, or that there lives any man mad enough to tryto play it on one of these european tables.
we had to stop playingfinally because dan got to sleeping fifteen minutes between the countsand paying no attention to his marking.
afterward we walked up and down one of the most popular streets for sometime, enjoying other people's comfort and wishing we could export some ofit to our restless, driving, vitality-consuming marts at home.
just inthis one matter lies the main charm of life in europe--comfort.
inamerica, we hurry--which is well; but when the day's work is done, we goon thinking of losses and gains, we plan for the morrow, we even carryour business cares to bed with us, and toss and worry over them when weought to be restoring our racked bodies and brains with sleep.
we burnup our energies with these excitements, and either die early or drop intoa lean and mean old age at a time of life which they call a man's primein europe.
when an acre of ground has produced long and well, we let itlie fallow and rest for a season; we take no man clear across thecontinent in the same coach he started in--the coach is stabled somewhereon the plains and its heated machinery allowed to cool for a few days;when a razor has seen long service and refuses to hold an edge, thebarber lays it away for a few weeks, and the edge comes back of its ownaccord.
we bestow thoughtful care upon inanimate objects, but none uponourselves.
what a robust people, what a nation of thinkers we might be,if we would only lay ourselves on the shelf occasionally and renew ouredges!
i do envy these europeans the comfort they take.
when the work of theday is done, they forget it.
some of them go, with wife and children, toa beer hall and sit quietly and genteelly drinking a mug or two of aleand listening to music; others walk the streets, others drive in theavenues; others assemble in the great ornamental squares in the earlyevening to enjoy the sight and the fragrance of flowers and to hear themilitary bands play--no european city being without its fine militarymusic at eventide; and yet others of the populace sit in the open air infront of the refreshment houses and eat ices and drink mild beveragesthat could not harm a child.
they go to bed moderately early, and sleepwell.
they are always quiet, always orderly, always cheerful,comfortable, and appreciative of life and its manifold blessings.
onenever sees a drunken man among them.
the change that has come over ourlittle party is surprising.
day by day we lose some of our restlessnessand absorb some of the spirit of quietude and ease that is in thetranquil atmosphere about us and in the demeanor of the people.
we growwise apace.
we begin to comprehend what life is for.
we have had a bath in milan, in a public bath-house.
they were going toput all three of us in one bath-tub, but we objected.
each of us had anitalian farm on his back.
we could have felt affluent if we had beenofficially surveyed and fenced in.
we chose to have three bathtubs, andlarge ones--tubs suited to the dignity of aristocrats who had realestate, and brought it with them.
after we were stripped and had takenthe first chilly dash, we discovered that haunting atrocity that hasembittered our lives in so many cities and villages of italy and france--there was no soap.
a woman answered, and i barely had time tothrow myself against the door--she would have been in, in another second.
i said:"beware, woman!
go away from here--go away, now, or it will be the worsefor you.
i am an unprotected male, but i will preserve my honor at theperil of my life!"
these words must have frightened her, for she skurried away very fast.
dan's voice rose on the air:"oh, bring some soap, why don't you!"
the reply was italian.
dan resumed:"soap, you know--soap.
that is what i want--soap.
s-o-a-p, soap;s-o-p-e, soap; s-o-u-p, soap.
i don't know how you irishspell it, but i want it.
spell it to suit yourself, but fetch it.
i heard the doctor say impressively:"dan, how often have we told you that these foreigners cannot understandenglish?
why will you not depend upon us?
why will you not tell us whatyou want, and let us ask for it in the language of the country?
it wouldsave us a great deal of the humiliation your reprehensible ignorancecauses us.
i will address this person in his mother tongue: 'here,cospetto!
corpo di bacco!
solferino!--soap, you son of agun!'
dan, if you would let us talk for you, you would never expose yourignorant vulgarity."
even this fluent discharge of italian did not bring the soap at once, butthere was a good reason for it.
there was not such an article about theestablishment.
it is my belief that there never had been.
they had tosend far up town, and to several different places before they finally gotit, so they said.
we had to wait twenty or thirty minutes.
the samething had occurred the evening before, at the hotel.
i think i havedivined the reason for this state of things at last.
the english knowhow to travel comfortably, and they carry soap with them; otherforeigners do not use the article.
at every hotel we stop at we always have to send out for soap, at thelast moment, when we are grooming ourselves for dinner, and they put itin the bill along with the candles and other nonsense.
in marseillesthey make half the fancy toilet soap we consume in america, but themarseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which theyhave obtained from books of travel, just as they have acquired anuncertain notion of clean shirts, and the peculiarities of the gorilla,and other curious matters.
this reminds me of poor blucher's note to thelandlord in paris:     paris, le 7 juillet.
monsieur le landlord--sir: pourquoi don't you     mettez some savon in your bed-chambers?
est-ce que vous pensez i     will steal it?
la nuit passee you charged me pour deux chandelles     when i only had one; hier vous avez charged me avec glace when i had     none at all; tout les jours you are coming some fresh game or other     on me, mais vous ne pouvez pas play this savon dodge on me twice.
savon is a necessary de la vie to any body but a frenchman, et je     l'aurai hors de cet hotel or make trouble.
you hear me.
i remonstrated against the sending of this note, because it was so mixedup that the landlord would never be able to make head or tail of it; butblucher said he guessed the old man could read the french of it andaverage the rest.
blucher's french is bad enough, but it is not much worse than the englishone finds in advertisements all over italy every day.
for instance,observe the printed card of the hotel we shall probably stop at on theshores of lake como:     "notish."
"this hotel which the best it is in italy and most superb, is     handsome locate on the best situation of the lake, with the most     splendid view near the villas melzy, to the king of belgian, and     serbelloni.
this hotel have recently enlarge, do offer all     commodities on moderate price, at the strangers gentlemen who whish     spend the seasons on the lake come."
how is that, for a specimen?
in the hotel is a handsome little chapelwhere an english clergyman is employed to preach to such of the guests ofthe house as hail from england and america, and this fact is also setforth in barbarous english in the same advertisement.
wouldn't you havesupposed that the adventurous linguist who framed the card would haveknown enough to submit it to that clergyman before he sent it to theprinter?
here in milan, in an ancient tumble-down ruin of a church, is themournful wreck of the most celebrated painting in the world--"the lastsupper," by leonardo da vinci.
we are not infallible judges of pictures,but of course we went there to see this wonderful painting, once sobeautiful, always so worshipped by masters in art, and forever to befamous in song and story.
and the first thing that occurred was theinfliction on us of a placard fairly reeking with wretched english.
takea morsel of it: "bartholomew (that is the first figure on the left handside at the spectator,) uncertain and doubtful about what he thinks tohave heard, and upon which he wants to be assured by himself at christand by no others."
good, isn't it?
and then peter is described as "argumenting in athreatening and angrily condition at judas iscariot."
this paragraph recalls the picture.
"the last supper" is painted on thedilapidated wall of what was a little chapel attached to the main churchin ancient times, i suppose.
it is battered and scarred in everydirection, and stained and discolored by time, and napoleon's horseskicked the legs off most the disciples when they (the horses, not thedisciples,) were stabled there more than half a century ago.
i recognized the old picture in a moment--the saviour with bowed headseated at the centre of a long, rough table with scattering fruits anddishes upon it, and six disciples on either side in their long robes,talking to each other--the picture from which all engravings and allcopies have been made for three centuries.
perhaps no living man hasever known an attempt to paint the lord's supper differently.
the worldseems to have become settled in the belief, long ago, that it is notpossible for human genius to outdo this creation of da vinci's.
isuppose painters will go on copying it as long as any of the original isleft visible to the eye.
there were a dozen easels in the room, and asmany artists transferring the great picture to their canvases.
fiftyproofs of steel engravings and lithographs were scattered around, too.
and as usual, i could not help noticing how superior the copies were tothe original, that is, to my inexperienced eye.
wherever you find araphael, a rubens, a michelangelo, a carracci, or a da vinci (and we seethem every day,) you find artists copying them, and the copies are alwaysthe handsomest.
maybe the originals were handsome when they were new,but they are not now.
this picture is about thirty feet long, and ten or twelve high, i shouldthink, and the figures are at least life size.
it is one of the largestpaintings in europe.
the colors are dimmed with age; the countenances are scaled and marred,and nearly all expression is gone from them; the hair is a dead blur uponthe wall, and there is no life in the eyes.
only the attitudes arecertain.
people come here from all parts of the world, and glorify thismasterpiece.
they stand entranced before it with bated breath and partedlips, and when they speak, it is only in the catchy ejaculations ofrapture:"oh, wonderful!"
"such grace of attitude!"
"such faultless drawing!"
"such matchless coloring!"
"what delicacy of touch!"
"what sublimity of conception!"
i only envy these people; i envy them their honest admiration, if it behonest--their delight, if they feel delight.
i harbor no animositytoward any of them.
but at the same time the thought will intrude itselfupon me, how can they see what is not visible?
what would you think of aman who looked at some decayed, blind, toothless, pock-marked cleopatra,and said: "what matchless beauty!
whatwould you think of a man who gazed upon a dingy, foggy sunset, and said:"what sublimity!
what richness of coloring!"
what wouldyou think of a man who stared in ecstasy upon a desert of stumps andsaid: "oh, my soul, my beating heart, what a noble forest is here!"
you would think that those men had an astonishing talent for seeingthings that had already passed away.
it was what i thought when i stoodbefore "the last supper" and heard men apostrophizing wonders, andbeauties and perfections which had faded out of the picture and gone, ahundred years before they were born.
we can imagine the beauty that wasonce in an aged face; we can imagine the forest if we see the stumps; butwe can not absolutely see these things when they are not there.
i amwilling to believe that the eye of the practiced artist can rest upon thelast supper and renew a lustre where only a hint of it is left, supply atint that has faded away, restore an expression that is gone; patch, andcolor, and add, to the dull canvas until at last its figures shall standbefore him aglow with the life, the feeling, the freshness, yea, with allthe noble beauty that was theirs when first they came from the hand ofthe master.
but i can not work this miracle.
can those other uninspiredvisitors do it, or do they only happily imagine they do?
after reading so much about it, i am satisfied that the last supper was avery miracle of art once.
but it was three hundred years ago.
it vexes me to hear people talk so glibly of "feeling," "expression,""tone," and those other easily acquired and inexpensive technicalities ofart that make such a fine show in conversations concerning pictures.
there is not one man in seventy-five hundred that can tell what apictured face is intended to express.
there is not one man in fivehundred that can go into a court-room and be sure that he will notmistake some harmless innocent of a juryman for the black-heartedassassin on trial.
yet such people talk of "character" and presume tointerpret "expression" in pictures.
there is an old story that matthews,the actor, was once lauding the ability of the human face to express thepassions and emotions hidden in the breast.
he said the countenancecould disclose what was passing in the heart plainer than the tonguecould.
"now," he said, "observe my face--what does it express?"
"bah, it expresses peaceful resignation!
what does this express?"
it means terror!
it is smothered ferocity!
any ass can see it means insanity!"
people coolly pretend to read it who would think themselvespresumptuous if they pretended to interpret the hieroglyphics on theobelisks of luxor--yet they are fully as competent to do the one thing asthe other.
i have heard two very intelligent critics speak of murillo'simmaculate conception (now in the museum at seville,) within the past fewdays.
one said:"oh, the virgin's face is full of the ecstasy of a joy that is complete--that leaves nothing more to be desired on earth!"
the other said:"ah, that wonderful face is so humble, so pleading--it says as plainly aswords could say it: 'i fear; i tremble; i am unworthy.
but thy will bedone; sustain thou thy servant!'"
the reader can see the picture in any drawing-room; it can be easilyrecognized: the virgin (the only young and really beautiful virgin thatwas ever painted by one of the old masters, some of us think,) stands inthe crescent of the new moon, with a multitude of cherubs hovering abouther, and more coming; her hands are crossed upon her breast, and upon heruplifted countenance falls a glory out of the heavens.
the reader mayamuse himself, if he chooses, in trying to determine which of thesegentlemen read the virgin's "expression" aright, or if either of them didit.
any one who is acquainted with the old masters will comprehend how much"the last supper" is damaged when i say that the spectator can not reallytell, now, whether the disciples are hebrews or italians.
these ancientpainters never succeeded in denationalizing themselves.
the italianartists painted italian virgins, the dutch painted dutch virgins, thevirgins of the french painters were frenchwomen--none of them ever putinto the face of the madonna that indescribable something which proclaimsthe jewess, whether you find her in new york, in constantinople, inparis, jerusalem, or in the empire of morocco.
i saw in the sandwichislands, once, a picture copied by a talented german artist from anengraving in one of the american illustrated papers.
it was an allegory,representing mr. davis in the act of signing a secession act or some suchdocument.
over him hovered the ghost of washington in warning attitude,and in the background a troop of shadowy soldiers in continental uniformwere limping with shoeless, bandaged feet through a driving snow-storm.
valley forge was suggested, of course.
the copy seemed accurate, and yetthere was a discrepancy somewhere.
after a long examination i discoveredwhat it was--the shadowy soldiers were all germans!
jeff davis was agerman!
even the hovering ghost was a german ghost!
the artist hadunconsciously worked his nationality into the picture.
to tell thetruth, i am getting a little perplexed about john the baptist and hisportraits.
in france i finally grew reconciled to him as a frenchman;here he is unquestionably an italian.
can it be possiblethat the painters make john the baptist a spaniard in madrid and anirishman in dublin?
we took an open barouche and drove two miles out of milan to "see zeecho," as the guide expressed it.
the road was smooth, it was borderedby trees, fields, and grassy meadows, and the soft air was filled withthe odor of flowers.
troops of picturesque peasant girls, coming fromwork, hooted at us, shouted at us, made all manner of game of us, andentirely delighted me.
my long-cherished judgment was confirmed.
ialways did think those frowsy, romantic, unwashed peasant girls i hadread so much about in poetry were a glaring fraud.
we enjoyed our jaunt.
it was an exhilarating relief from tiresomesight-seeing.
we distressed ourselves very little about the astonishing echo the guidetalked so much about.
we were growing accustomed to encomiums on wondersthat too often proved no wonders at all.
and so we were most happilydisappointed to find in the sequel that the guide had even failed to riseto the magnitude of his subject.
we arrived at a tumble-down old rookery called the palazzo simonetti--amassive hewn-stone affair occupied by a family of ragged italians.
a good-looking young girl conducted us to a window on the second floorwhich looked out on a court walled on three sides by tall buildings.
sheput her head out at the window and shouted.
the echo answered more timesthan we could count.
she took a speaking trumpet and through it sheshouted, sharp and quick, a single "ha!"
the echo answered:"ha!--ha!----ha!--ha!--ha!-ha!
and finally went offinto a rollicking convulsion of the jolliest laughter that could beimagined.
it was so joyful--so long continued--so perfectly cordial andhearty, that every body was forced to join in.
there was no resistingit.
then the girl took a gun and fired it.
we stood ready to count theastonishing clatter of reverberations.
we could not say one, two, three,fast enough, but we could dot our notebooks with our pencil points almostrapidly enough to take down a sort of short-hand report of the result.
my page revealed the following account.
i could not keep up, but i didas well as i could.
i set down fifty-two distinct repetitions, and then the echo got theadvantage of me.
the doctor set down sixty-four, and thenceforth theecho moved too fast for him, also.
after the separate concussions couldno longer be noted, the reverberations dwindled to a wild, long-sustainedclatter of sounds such as a watchman's rattle produces.
it is likelythat this is the most remarkable echo in the world.
the doctor, in jest, offered to kiss the young girl, and was taken alittle aback when she said he might for a franc!
the commonest gallantrycompelled him to stand by his offer, and so he paid the franc and tookthe kiss.
she was a philosopher.
she said a franc was a good thing tohave, and she did not care any thing for one paltry kiss, because she hada million left.
then our comrade, always a shrewd businessman, offeredto take the whole cargo at thirty days, but that little financial schemewas a failure.
we left milan by rail.
the cathedral six or seven miles behind us; vast,dreamy, bluish, snow-clad mountains twenty miles in front of us,--thesewere the accented points in the scenery.
the more immediate sceneryconsisted of fields and farm-houses outside the car and a monster-headeddwarf and a moustached woman inside it.
these latter were notshow-people.
alas, deformity and female beards are too common in italyto attract attention.
we passed through a range of wild, picturesque hills, steep, wooded,cone-shaped, with rugged crags projecting here and there, and withdwellings and ruinous castles perched away up toward the drifting clouds.
we lunched at the curious old town of como, at the foot of the lake, andthen took the small steamer and had an afternoon's pleasure excursion tothis place,--bellaggio.
when we walked ashore, a party of policemen (people whose cocked hats andshowy uniforms would shame the finest uniform in the military service ofthe united states,) put us into a little stone cell and locked us in.
wehad the whole passenger list for company, but their room would have beenpreferable, for there was no light, there were no windows, noventilation.
it was close and hot.
we were much crowded.
it was theblack hole of calcutta on a small scale.
presently a smoke rose aboutour feet--a smoke that smelled of all the dead things of earth, of allthe putrefaction and corruption imaginable.
we were there five minutes, and when we got out it was hard to tell whichof us carried the vilest fragrance.
these miserable outcasts called that "fumigating" us, and the term was atame one indeed.
they fumigated us to guard themselves against thecholera, though we hailed from no infected port.
we had left the cholerafar behind us all the time.
however, they must keep epidemics awaysomehow or other, and fumigation is cheaper than soap.
they must eitherwash themselves or fumigate other people.
some of the lower classes hadrather die than wash, but the fumigation of strangers causes them nopangs.
they need no fumigation themselves.
their habits make itunnecessary.
they carry their preventive with them; they sweat andfumigate all the day long.
i trust i am a humble and a consistentchristian.
i try to do what is right.
i know it is my duty to "pray forthem that despitefully use me;" and therefore, hard as it is, i shallstill try to pray for these fumigating, maccaroni-stuffingorgan-grinders.
our hotel sits at the water's edge--at least its front garden does--andwe walk among the shrubbery and smoke at twilight; we look afar off atswitzerland and the alps, and feel an indolent willingness to look nocloser; we go down the steps and swim in the lake; we take a shapelylittle boat and sail abroad among the reflections of the stars; lie onthe thwarts and listen to the distant laughter, the singing, the softmelody of flutes and guitars that comes floating across the water frompleasuring gondolas; we close the evening with exasperating billiards onone of those same old execrable tables.
a midnight luncheon in our amplebed-chamber; a final smoke in its contracted veranda facing the water,the gardens, and the mountains; a summing up of the day's events.
thento bed, with drowsy brains harassed with a mad panorama that mixes uppictures of france, of italy, of the ship, of the ocean, of home, ingrotesque and bewildering disorder.
then a melting away of familiarfaces, of cities, and of tossing waves, into a great calm offorgetfulness and peace.
after which, the nightmare.
breakfast in the morning, and then the lake.
i did not like it yesterday.
i thought lake tahoe was much finer.
i have to confess now, however, that my judgment erred somewhat, thoughnot extravagantly.
i always had an idea that como was a vast basin ofwater, like tahoe, shut in by great mountains.
well, the border of hugemountains is here, but the lake itself is not a basin.
it is as crookedas any brook, and only from one-quarter to two-thirds as wide as themississippi.
there is not a yard of low ground on either side of it--nothing but endless chains of mountains that spring abruptly from thewater's edge and tower to altitudes varying from a thousand to twothousand feet.
their craggy sides are clothed with vegetation, and whitespecks of houses peep out from the luxuriant foliage everywhere; they areeven perched upon jutting and picturesque pinnacles a thousand feet aboveyour head.
again, for miles along the shores, handsome country seats, surrounded bygardens and groves, sit fairly in the water, sometimes in nooks carved bynature out of the vine-hung precipices, and with no ingress or egresssave by boats.
some have great broad stone staircases leading down tothe water, with heavy stone balustrades ornamented with statuary andfancifully adorned with creeping vines and bright-colored flowers--forall the world like a drop curtain in a theatre, and lacking nothing butlong-waisted, high-heeled women and plumed gallants in silken tightscoming down to go serenading in the splendid gondola in waiting.
a great feature of como's attractiveness is the multitude of prettyhouses and gardens that cluster upon its shores and on its mountainsides.
they look so snug and so homelike, and at eventide when everything seems to slumber, and the music of the vesper bells comes stealingover the water, one almost believes that nowhere else than on the lake ofcomo can there be found such a paradise of tranquil repose.
from my window here in bellaggio, i have a view of the other side of thelake now, which is as beautiful as a picture.
a scarred and wrinkledprecipice rises to a height of eighteen hundred feet; on a tiny benchhalf way up its vast wall, sits a little snowflake of a church, no biggerthan a martin-box, apparently; skirting the base of the cliff are ahundred orange groves and gardens, flecked with glimpses of the whitedwellings that are buried in them; in front, three or four gondolas lieidle upon the water--and in the burnished mirror of the lake, mountain,chapel, houses, groves and boats are counterfeited so brightly and soclearly that one scarce knows where the reality leaves off and thereflection begins!
the surroundings of this picture are fine.
a mile away, a grove-plumedpromontory juts far into the lake and glasses its palace in the bluedepths; in midstream a boat is cutting the shining surface and leaving along track behind, like a ray of light; the mountains beyond are veiledin a dreamy purple haze; far in the opposite direction a tumbled mass ofdomes and verdant slopes and valleys bars the lake, and here indeed doesdistance lend enchantment to the view--for on this broad canvas, sun andclouds and the richest of atmospheres have blended a thousand tintstogether, and over its surface the filmy lights and shadows drift, hourafter hour, and glorify it with a beauty that seems reflected out ofheaven itself.
beyond all question, this is the most voluptuous scene wehave yet looked upon.
last night the scenery was striking and picturesque.
on the other sidecrags and trees and snowy houses were reflected in the lake with awonderful distinctness, and streams of light from many a distant windowshot far abroad over the still waters.
on this side, near at hand, greatmansions, white with moonlight, glared out from the midst of masses offoliage that lay black and shapeless in the shadows that fell from thecliff above--and down in the margin of the lake every feature of theweird vision was faithfully repeated.
today we have idled through a wonder of a garden attached to a ducalestate--but enough of description is enough, i judge.
i suspect that this was the same place the gardener's son deceived thelady of lyons with, but i do not know.
you may have heard of the passagesomewhere:          "a deep vale,          shut out by alpine hills from the rude world,          near a clear lake margined by fruits of gold          and whispering myrtles:          glassing softest skies, cloudless,          save with rare and roseate shadows;          a palace, lifting to eternal heaven its marbled walls,          from out a glossy bower of coolest foliage musical with birds."
that is all very well, except the "clear" part of the lake.
it certainlyis clearer than a great many lakes, but how dull its waters are comparedwith the wonderful transparence of lake tahoe!
i speak of the northshore of tahoe, where one can count the scales on a trout at a depth of ahundred and eighty feet.
i have tried to get this statement off at parhere, but with no success; so i have been obliged to negotiate it atfifty percent discount.
at this rate i find some takers; perhaps thereader will receive it on the same terms--ninety feet instead of onehundred and eighty.
but let it be remembered that those are forcedterms--sheriff's sale prices.
as far as i am privately concerned, iabate not a jot of the original assertion that in those strangelymagnifying waters one may count the scales on a trout (a trout of thelarge kind,) at a depth of a hundred and eighty feet--may see everypebble on the bottom--might even count a paper of dray-pins.
people talkof the transparent waters of the mexican bay of acapulco, but in my ownexperience i know they cannot compare with those i am speaking of.
ihave fished for trout, in tahoe, and at a measured depth of eighty-fourfeet i have seen them put their noses to the bait and i could see theirgills open and shut.
i could hardly have seen the trout themselves atthat distance in the open air.
as i go back in spirit and recall that noble sea, reposing among thesnow-peaks six thousand feet above the ocean, the conviction comes strongupon me again that como would only seem a bedizened little courtier inthat august presence.
sorrow and misfortune overtake the legislature that still from year toyear permits tahoe to retain its unmusical cognomen!
it suggestsno crystal waters, no picturesque shores, no sublimity.
tahoe for a seain the clouds: a sea that has character and asserts it in solemn calms attimes, at times in savage storms; a sea whose royal seclusion is guardedby a cordon of sentinel peaks that lift their frosty fronts nine thousandfeet above the level world; a sea whose every aspect is impressive, whosebelongings are all beautiful, whose lonely majesty types the deity!
tahoe means grasshoppers.
it means grasshopper soup.
it is indian, andsuggestive of indians.
they say it is pi-ute--possibly it is digger.
i am satisfied it was named by the diggers--those degraded savages whoroast their dead relatives, then mix the human grease and ashes of boneswith tar, and "gaum" it thick all over their heads and foreheads andears, and go caterwauling about the hills and call it mourning.
theseare the gentry that named the lake.
people say that tahoe means "silver lake"--"limpid water"--"fallingleaf."
it means grasshopper soup, the favorite dish of the diggertribe,--and of the pi-utes as well.
it isn't worth while, in thesepractical times, for people to talk about indian poetry--there never wasany in them--except in the fenimore cooper indians.
but they are anextinct tribe that never existed.
i know the noble red man.
i havecamped with the indians; i have been on the warpath with them, taken partin the chase with them--for grasshoppers; helped them steal cattle; ihave roamed with them, scalped them, had them for breakfast.
i wouldgladly eat the whole race if i had a chance.
but i am growing unreliable.
i will return to my comparison of thelakes.
como is a little deeper than tahoe, if people here tell thetruth.
they say it is eighteen hundred feet deep at this point, but itdoes not look a dead enough blue for that.
tahoe is one thousand fivehundred and twenty-five feet deep in the centre, by the state geologist'smeasurement.
they say the great peak opposite this town is five thousandfeet high: but i feel sure that three thousand feet of that statement isa good honest lie.
the lake is a mile wide, here, and maintains aboutthat width from this point to its northern extremity--which is distantsixteen miles: from here to its southern extremity--say fifteen miles--itis not over half a mile wide in any place, i should think.
its snow-cladmountains one hears so much about are only seen occasionally, and then inthe distance, the alps.
tahoe is from ten to eighteen miles wide, andits mountains shut it in like a wall.
their summits are never free fromsnow the year round.
one thing about it is very strange: it never haseven a skim of ice upon its surface, although lakes in the same range ofmountains, lying in a lower and warmer temperature, freeze over inwinter.
it is cheerful to meet a shipmate in these out-of-the-way places andcompare notes with him.
we have found one of ours here--an old soldierof the war, who is seeking bloodless adventures and rest from hiscampaigns in these sunny lands.--[colonel j.  heron foster, editor of apittsburgh journal, and a most estimable gentleman.
as these sheets arebeing prepared for the press i am pained to learn of his decease shortlyafter his return home--m.t.]
we voyaged by steamer down the lago di lecco, through wild mountainscenery, and by hamlets and villas, and disembarked at the town of lecco.
they said it was two hours, by carriage to the ancient city of bergamo,and that we would arrive there in good season for the railway train.
wegot an open barouche and a wild, boisterous driver, and set out.
we had a fast team and a perfectly smooth road.
there weretowering cliffs on our left, and the pretty lago di lecco on our right,and every now and then it rained on us.
just before starting, the driverpicked up, in the street, a stump of a cigar an inch long, and put it inhis mouth.
when he had carried it thus about an hour, i thought it wouldbe only christian charity to give him a light.
i handed him my cigar,which i had just lit, and he put it in his mouth and returned his stumpto his pocket!
i never saw a more sociable man.
at least i never saw aman who was more sociable on a short acquaintance.
we saw interior italy, now.
the houses were of solid stone, and notoften in good repair.
the peasants and their children were idle, as ageneral thing, and the donkeys and chickens made themselves at home indrawing-room and bed-chamber and were not molested.
the drivers of eachand every one of the slow-moving market-carts we met were stretched inthe sun upon their merchandise, sound a sleep.
every three or fourhundred yards, it seemed to me, we came upon the shrine of some saint orother--a rude picture of him built into a huge cross or a stone pillar bythe road-side.--some of the pictures of the saviour were curiosities intheir way.
they represented him stretched upon the cross, hiscountenance distorted with agony.
from the wounds of the crown ofthorns; from the pierced side; from the mutilated hands and feet; fromthe scourged body--from every hand-breadth of his person streams of bloodwere flowing!
such a gory, ghastly spectacle would frighten the childrenout of their senses, i should think.
there were some unique auxiliariesto the painting which added to its spirited effect.
these were genuinewooden and iron implements, and were prominently disposed round about thefigure: a bundle of nails; the hammer to drive them; the sponge; the reedthat supported it; the cup of vinegar; the ladder for the ascent of thecross; the spear that pierced the saviour's side.
the crown of thornswas made of real thorns, and was nailed to the sacred head.
in someitalian church-paintings, even by the old masters, the saviour and thevirgin wear silver or gilded crowns that are fastened to the picturedhead with nails.
the effect is as grotesque as it is incongruous.
here and there, on the fronts of roadside inns, we found huge, coarsefrescoes of suffering martyrs like those in the shrines.
it could nothave diminished their sufferings any to be so uncouthly represented.
we were in the heart and home of priest craft--of a happy, cheerful,contented ignorance, superstition, degradation, poverty, indolence, andeverlasting unaspiring worthlessness.
and we said fervently: it suitsthese people precisely; let them enjoy it, along with the other animals,and heaven forbid that they be molested.
we feel no malice toward thesefumigators.
we passed through the strangest, funniest, undreampt-of old towns, weddedto the customs and steeped in the dreams of the elder ages, and perfectlyunaware that the world turns round!
and perfectly indifferent, too, asto whether it turns around or stands still.
they have nothing to do buteat and sleep and sleep and eat, and toil a little when they can get afriend to stand by and keep them awake.
they are not paid for thinking--they are not paid to fret about the world's concerns.
they were notrespectable people--they were not worthy people--they were not learnedand wise and brilliant people--but in their breasts, all their stupidlives long, resteth a peace that passeth understanding!
how can men,calling themselves men, consent to be so degraded and happy.
we whisked by many a gray old medieval castle, clad thick with ivy thatswung its green banners down from towers and turrets where once some oldcrusader's flag had floated.
the driver pointed to one of these ancientfortresses, and said, (i translate):"do you see that great iron hook that projects from the wall just underthe highest window in the ruined tower?"
we said we could not see it at such a distance, but had no doubt it wasthere.
"well," he said; "there is a legend connected with that iron hook.
nearly seven hundred years ago, that castle was the property of the noblecount luigi gennaro guido alphonso di genova----""what was his other name?"
"he had no other name.
the name i have spoken was all the name he had.
he was the son of----""poor but honest parents--that is all right--never mind the particulars--go on with the legend."
well, then, all the world, at that time, was in a wild excitement aboutthe holy sepulchre.
all the great feudal lords in europe were pledgingtheir lands and pawning their plate to fit out men-at-arms so that theymight join the grand armies of christendom and win renown in the holywars.
the count luigi raised money, like the rest, and one mildseptember morning, armed with battle-ax, portcullis and thunderingculverin, he rode through the greaves and bucklers of his donjon-keepwith as gallant a troop of christian bandits as ever stepped in italy.
he had his sword, excalibur, with him.
his beautiful countess and heryoung daughter waved him a tearful adieu from the battering-rams andbuttresses of the fortress, and he galloped away with a happy heart.
he made a raid on a neighboring baron and completed his outfit with thebooty secured.
he then razed the castle to the ground, massacred thefamily and moved on.
they were hardy fellows in the grand old days ofchivalry.
those days will never come again.
count luigi grew high in fame in holy land.
he plunged into the carnageof a hundred battles, but his good excalibur always brought him outalive, albeit often sorely wounded.
his face became browned by exposureto the syrian sun in long marches; he suffered hunger and thirst; hepined in prisons, he languished in loathsome plague-hospitals.
and manyand many a time he thought of his loved ones at home, and wondered if allwas well with them.
but his heart said, peace, is not thy brotherwatching over thy household?
* * * * * * *forty-two years waxed and waned; the good fight was won; godfrey reignedin jerusalem--the christian hosts reared the banner of the cross abovethe holy sepulchre!
twilight was approaching.
fifty harlequins, in flowing robes, approachedthis castle wearily, for they were on foot, and the dust upon theirgarments betokened that they had traveled far.
they overtook a peasant,and asked him if it were likely they could get food and a hospitable bedthere, for love of christian charity, and if perchance, a moral parlorentertainment might meet with generous countenance--"for," said they,"this exhibition hath no feature that could offend the most fastidioustaste."
"marry," quoth the peasant, "an' it please your worships, ye had betterjourney many a good rood hence with your juggling circus than trust yourbones in yonder castle."
"how now, sirrah!"
exclaimed the chief monk, "explain thy ribald speech,or by'r lady it shall go hard with thee."
"peace, good mountebank, i did but utter the truth that was in my heart.
san paolo be my witness that did ye but find the stout count leonardo inhis cups, sheer from the castle's topmost battlements would he hurl yeall!
alack-a-day, the good lord luigi reigns not here in these sadtimes."
"the good lord luigi?"
"aye, none other, please your worship.
in his day, the poor rejoiced inplenty and the rich he did oppress; taxes were not known, the fathers ofthe church waxed fat upon his bounty; travelers went and came, with noneto interfere; and whosoever would, might tarry in his halls in cordialwelcome, and eat his bread and drink his wine, withal.
but woe is me!
some two and forty years agone the good count rode hence to fight forholy cross, and many a year hath flown since word or token have we had ofhim.
men say his bones lie bleaching in the fields of palestine."
god 'a mercy, the cruel leonardo lords it in the castle.
hewrings taxes from the poor; he robs all travelers that journey by hisgates; he spends his days in feuds and murders, and his nights in reveland debauch; he roasts the fathers of the church upon his kitchen spits,and enjoyeth the same, calling it pastime.
these thirty years luigi'scountess hath not been seen by any in all this land, and manywhisper that she pines in the dungeons of the castle for that she willnot wed with leonardo, saying her dear lord still liveth and that shewill die ere she prove false to him.
they whisper likewise that herdaughter is a prisoner as well.
nay, good jugglers, seek ye refreshmentother wheres.
'twere better that ye perished in a christian way thanthat ye plunged from off yon dizzy tower.
give ye good-day."
"god keep ye, gentle knave--farewell."
but heedless of the peasant's warning, the players moved straightwaytoward the castle.
word was brought to count leonardo that a company of mountebanks besoughthis hospitality.
dispose of them in the customary manner.
i haveneed of them.
let them come hither.
later, cast them from thebattlements--or--how many priests have ye on hand?"
"the day's results are meagre, good my lord.
an abbot and a dozenbeggarly friars is all we have."
"hell and furies!
is the estate going to seed?
send hither themountebanks.
afterward, broil them with the priests."
the robed and close-cowled harlequins entered.
the grim leonardo sate instate at the head of his council board.
ranged up and down the hall oneither hand stood near a hundred men-at-arms.
quoth the count, "what can ye do to earn the hospitalityye crave."
"dread lord and mighty, crowded audiences have greeted our humble effortswith rapturous applause.
among our body count we the versatile andtalented ugolino; the justly celebrated rodolpho; the gifted andaccomplished roderigo; the management have spared neither pains norexpense--""s'death!
what can ye do?
curb thy prating tongue."
"good my lord, in acrobatic feats, in practice with the dumb-bells, inbalancing and ground and lofty tumbling are we versed--and sith yourhighness asketh me, i venture here to publish that in the truly marvelousand entertaining zampillaerostation--""gag him!
body of bacchus!
am i a dog that i am to beassailed with polysyllabled blasphemy like to this?
lucretia,isabel, stand forth!
sirrah, behold this dame, this weeping wench.
thefirst i marry, within the hour; the other shall dry her tears or feed thevultures.
thou and thy vagabonds shall crown the wedding with thymerry-makings.
fetch hither the priest!"
the dame sprang toward the chief player.
"o, save me!"
she cried; "save me from a fate far worse than death!
behold these sad eyes, these sunken cheeks, this withered frame!
seethou the wreck this fiend hath made, and let thy heart be moved withpity!
look upon this damosel; note her wasted form, her halting step,her bloomless cheeks where youth should blush and happiness exult insmiles!
hear us and have compassion.
this monster was my husband'sbrother.
he who should have been our shield against all harm, hath keptus shut within the noisome caverns of his donjon-keep for lo these thirtyyears.
and for what crime?
none other than that i would not belie mytroth, root out my strong love for him who marches with the legions ofthe cross in holy land, (for o, he is not dead!)
and wed with him!
saveus, o, save thy persecuted suppliants!"
she flung herself at his feet and clasped his knees.
shouted the brutal leonardo.
"priest, to thy work!"
andhe dragged the weeping dame from her refuge.
"say, once for all, willyou be mine?--for by my halidome, that breath that uttereth thy refusalshall be thy last on earth!"
and the sword leaped from its scabbard.
quicker than thought, quicker than the lightning's flash, fifty monkishhabits disappeared, and fifty knights in splendid armor stood revealed!
fifty falchions gleamed in air above the men-at-arms, and brighter,fiercer than them all, flamed excalibur aloft, and cleaving downwardstruck the brutal leonardo's weapon from his grasp!
"a luigi to the rescue!
'tare an ouns!'"
"oh, god, oh, god, my husband!"
"oh, god, oh, god, my wife!"
===count luigi bound his usurping brother hand and foot.
the practicedknights from palestine made holyday sport of carving the awkwardmen-at-arms into chops and steaks.
the victory was complete.
the knights all married the daughter.
"but what did they do with the wicked brother?"
"oh nothing--only hanged him on that iron hook i was speaking of.
"passed it up through his gills into his mouth."
"leave him there?"
"couple of years."
"ah--is--is he dead?"
"six hundred and fifty years ago, or such a matter."
"splendid legend--splendid lie--drive on."
we reached the quaint old fortified city of bergamo, the renowned inhistory, some three-quarters of an hour before the train was ready tostart.
the place has thirty or forty thousand inhabitants and isremarkable for being the birthplace of harlequin.
when we discoveredthat, that legend of our driver took to itself a new interest in oureyes.
rested and refreshed, we took the rail happy and contented.
i shall nottarry to speak of the handsome lago di gardi; its stately castle thatholds in its stony bosom the secrets of an age so remote that eventradition goeth not back to it; the imposing mountain scenery thatennobles the landscape thereabouts; nor yet of ancient padua or haughtyverona; nor of their montagues and capulets, their famous balconies andtombs of juliet and romeo et al., but hurry straight to the ancient cityof the sea, the widowed bride of the adriatic.
it was a long, long ride.
but toward evening, as we sat silent and hardly conscious of where wewere--subdued into that meditative calm that comes so surely after aconversational storm--some one shouted--"venice!"
and sure enough, afloat on the placid sea a league away, lay a greatcity, with its towers and domes and steeples drowsing in a golden mist ofsunset.
this venice, which was a haughty, invincible, magnificent republic fornearly fourteen hundred years; whose armies compelled the world'sapplause whenever and wherever they battled; whose navies well nigh helddominion of the seas, and whose merchant fleets whitened the remotestoceans with their sails and loaded these piers with the products of everyclime, is fallen a prey to poverty, neglect and melancholy decay.
sixhundred years ago, venice was the autocrat of commerce; her mart was thegreat commercial centre, the distributing-house from whence the enormoustrade of the orient was spread abroad over the western world.
to-day herpiers are deserted, her warehouses are empty, her merchant fleets arevanished, her armies and her navies are but memories.
her glory isdeparted, and with her crumbling grandeur of wharves and palaces abouther she sits among her stagnant lagoons, forlorn and beggared, forgottenof the world.
she that in her palmy days commanded the commerce of ahemisphere and made the weal or woe of nations with a beck of herpuissant finger, is become the humblest among the peoples of the earth,--a peddler of glass beads for women, and trifling toys and trinkets forschool-girls and children.
the venerable mother of the republics is scarce a fit subject forflippant speech or the idle gossipping of tourists.
it seems a sort ofsacrilege to disturb the glamour of old romance that pictures her to ussoftly from afar off as through a tinted mist, and curtains her ruin andher desolation from our view.
one ought, indeed, to turn away from herrags, her poverty and her humiliation, and think of her only as she waswhen she sunk the fleets of charlemagne; when she humbled frederickbarbarossa or waved her victorious banners above the battlements ofconstantinople.
we reached venice at eight in the evening, and entered a hearse belongingto the grand hotel d'europe.
at any rate, it was more like a hearse thanany thing else, though to speak by the card, it was a gondola.
and thiswas the storied gondola of venice!--the fairy boat in which the princelycavaliers of the olden time were wont to cleave the waters of the moonlitcanals and look the eloquence of love into the soft eyes of patricianbeauties, while the gay gondolier in silken doublet touched his guitarand sang as only gondoliers can sing!
this the famed gondola and thisthe gorgeous gondolier!--the one an inky, rusty old canoe with a sablehearse-body clapped on to the middle of it, and the other a mangy,barefooted guttersnipe with a portion of his raiment on exhibition whichshould have been sacred from public scrutiny.
presently, as he turned acorner and shot his hearse into a dismal ditch between two long rows oftowering, untenanted buildings, the gay gondolier began to sing, true tothe traditions of his race.
i stood it a little while.
then i said:"now, here, roderigo gonzales michael angelo, i'm a pilgrim, and i'm astranger, but i am not going to have my feelings lacerated by any suchcaterwauling as that.
if that goes on, one of us has got to take water.
it is enough that my cherished dreams of venice have been blightedforever as to the romantic gondola and the gorgeous gondolier; thissystem of destruction shall go no farther; i will accept the hearse,under protest, and you may fly your flag of truce in peace, but here iregister a dark and bloody oath that you shan't sing.
another yelp, andoverboard you go."
i began to feel that the old venice of song and story had departedforever.
but i was too hasty.
in a few minutes we swept gracefully outinto the grand canal, and under the mellow moonlight the venice of poetryand romance stood revealed.
right from the water's edge rose long linesof stately palaces of marble; gondolas were gliding swiftly hither andthither and disappearing suddenly through unsuspected gates and alleys;ponderous stone bridges threw their shadows athwart the glittering waves.
there was life and motion everywhere, and yet everywhere there was ahush, a stealthy sort of stillness, that was suggestive of secretenterprises of bravoes and of lovers; and clad half in moonbeams and halfin mysterious shadows, the grim old mansions of the republic seemed tohave an expression about them of having an eye out for just suchenterprises as these at that same moment.
music came floating over thewaters--venice was complete.
it was a beautiful picture--very soft and dreamy and beautiful.
but whatwas this venice to compare with the venice of midnight?
therewas a fete--a grand fete in honor of some saint who had been instrumentalin checking the cholera three hundred years ago, and all venice wasabroad on the water.
it was no common affair, for the venetians did notknow how soon they might need the saint's services again, now that thecholera was spreading every where.
so in one vast space--say a third ofa mile wide and two miles long--were collected two thousand gondolas, andevery one of them had from two to ten, twenty and even thirty coloredlanterns suspended about it, and from four to a dozen occupants.
just asfar as the eye could reach, these painted lights were massed together--like a vast garden of many-colored flowers, except that these blossomswere never still; they were ceaselessly gliding in and out, and minglingtogether, and seducing you into bewildering attempts to follow their mazyevolutions.
here and there a strong red, green, or blue glare from arocket that was struggling to get away, splendidly illuminated all theboats around it.
every gondola that swam by us, with its crescents andpyramids and circles of colored lamps hung aloft, and lighting up thefaces of the young and the sweet-scented and lovely below, was a picture;and the reflections of those lights, so long, so slender, so numberless,so many-colored and so distorted and wrinkled by the waves, was a picturelikewise, and one that was enchantingly beautiful.
many and many a partyof young ladies and gentlemen had their state gondolas handsomelydecorated, and ate supper on board, bringing their swallow-tailed,white-cravatted varlets to wait upon them, and having their tablestricked out as if for a bridal supper.
they had brought along thecostly globe lamps from their drawing-rooms, and the lace and silkencurtains from the same places, i suppose.
and they had also broughtpianos and guitars, and they played and sang operas, while the plebeianpaper-lanterned gondolas from the suburbs and the back alleys crowdedaround to stare and listen.
there was music every where--choruses, string bands, brass bands, flutes,every thing.
i was so surrounded, walled in, with music, magnificenceand loveliness, that i became inspired with the spirit of the scene, andsang one tune myself.
however, when i observed that the other gondolashad sailed away, and my gondolier was preparing to go overboard, istopped.
the fete was magnificent.
they kept it up the whole night long, and inever enjoyed myself better than i did while it lasted.
what a funny old city this queen of the adriatic is!
narrow streets,vast, gloomy marble palaces, black with the corroding damps of centuries,and all partly submerged; no dry land visible any where, and no sidewalksworth mentioning; if you want to go to church, to the theatre, or to therestaurant, you must call a gondola.
it must be a paradise for cripples,for verily a man has no use for legs here.
for a day or two the place looked so like an overflowed arkansas town,because of its currentless waters laving the very doorsteps of all thehouses, and the cluster of boats made fast under the windows, or skimmingin and out of the alleys and by-ways, that i could not get rid of theimpression that there was nothing the matter here but a spring freshet,and that the river would fall in a few weeks and leave a dirty high-watermark on the houses, and the streets full of mud and rubbish.
in the glare of day, there is little poetry about venice, but under thecharitable moon her stained palaces are white again, their batteredsculptures are hidden in shadows, and the old city seems crowned oncemore with the grandeur that was hers five hundred years ago.
it is easy,then, in fancy, to people these silent canals with plumed gallants andfair ladies--with shylocks in gaberdine and sandals, venturing loans uponthe rich argosies of venetian commerce--with othellos and desdemonas,with iagos and roderigos--with noble fleets and victorious legionsreturning from the wars.
in the treacherous sunlight we see venicedecayed, forlorn, poverty-stricken, and commerceless--forgotten andutterly insignificant.
but in the moonlight, her fourteen centuries ofgreatness fling their glories about her, and once more is she theprinceliest among the nations of the earth.
"there is a glorious city in the sea;          the sea is in the broad, the narrow streets,          ebbing and flowing; and the salt-sea weed          clings to the marble of her palaces.
no track of men, no footsteps to and fro,          lead to her gates!
the path lies o'er the sea,          invisible: and from the land we went,          as to a floating city--steering in,          and gliding up her streets, as in a dream,          so smoothly, silently--by many a dome,          mosque-like, and many a stately portico,          the statues ranged along an azure sky;          by many a pile, in more than eastern pride,          of old the residence of merchant kings;          the fronts of some, tho' time had shatter'd them,          still glowing with the richest hues of art,          as tho' the wealth within them had run o'er."
what would one naturally wish to see first in venice?
the bridge ofsighs, of course--and next the church and the great square of st. mark,the bronze horses, and the famous lion of st. mark.
we intended to go to the bridge of sighs, but happened into the ducalpalace first--a building which necessarily figures largely in venetianpoetry and tradition.
in the senate chamber of the ancient republic wewearied our eyes with staring at acres of historical paintings bytintoretto and paul veronese, but nothing struck us forcibly except theone thing that strikes all strangers forcibly--a black square in themidst of a gallery of portraits.
in one long row, around the great hall,were painted the portraits of the doges of venice (venerable fellows,with flowing white beards, for of the three hundred senators eligible tothe office, the oldest was usually chosen doge,) and each had itscomplimentary inscription attached--till you came to the place thatshould have had marino faliero's picture in it, and that was blank andblack--blank, except that it bore a terse inscription, saying that theconspirator had died for his crime.
it seemed cruel to keep thatpitiless inscription still staring from the walls after the unhappywretch had been in his grave five hundred years.
at the head of the giant's staircase, where marino faliero was beheaded,and where the doges were crowned in ancient times, two small slits in thestone wall were pointed out--two harmless, insignificant orifices thatwould never attract a stranger's attention--yet these were the terriblelions' mouths!
the heads were gone (knocked off by the french duringtheir occupation of venice,) but these were the throats, down which wentthe anonymous accusation, thrust in secretly at dead of night by anenemy, that doomed many an innocent man to walk the bridge of sighs anddescend into the dungeon which none entered and hoped to see the sunagain.
this was in the old days when the patricians alone governedvenice--the common herd had no vote and no voice.
there were onethousand five hundred patricians; from these, three hundred senators werechosen; from the senators a doge and a council of ten were selected, andby secret ballot the ten chose from their own number a council of three.
all these were government spies, then, and every spy was undersurveillance himself--men spoke in whispers in venice, and no man trustedhis neighbor--not always his own brother.
no man knew who the council ofthree were--not even the senate, not even the doge; the members of thatdread tribunal met at night in a chamber to themselves, masked, and robedfrom head to foot in scarlet cloaks, and did not even know each other,unless by voice.
it was their duty to judge heinous political crimes,and from their sentence there was no appeal.
a nod to the executionerwas sufficient.
the doomed man was marched down a hall and out at adoor-way into the covered bridge of sighs, through it and into thedungeon and unto his death.
at no time in his transit was he visible toany save his conductor.
if a man had an enemy in those old days, thecleverest thing he could do was to slip a note for the council of threeinto the lion's mouth, saying "this man is plotting against thegovernment."
if the awful three found no proof, ten to one they woulddrown him anyhow, because he was a deep rascal, since his plots wereunsolvable.
masked judges and masked executioners, with unlimited power,and no appeal from their judgements, in that hard, cruel age, were notlikely to be lenient with men they suspected yet could not convict.
we walked through the hall of the council of ten, and presently enteredthe infernal den of the council of three.
the table around which they had sat was there still, and likewise thestations where the masked inquisitors and executioners formerly stood,frozen, upright and silent, till they received a bloody order, and then,without a word, moved off like the inexorable machines they were, tocarry it out.
the frescoes on the walls were startlingly suited to theplace.
in all the other saloons, the halls, the great state chambers ofthe palace, the walls and ceilings were bright with gilding, rich withelaborate carving, and resplendent with gallant pictures of venetianvictories in war, and venetian display in foreign courts, and hallowedwith portraits of the virgin, the saviour of men, and the holy saintsthat preached the gospel of peace upon earth--but here, in dismalcontrast, were none but pictures of death and dreadful suffering!--not aliving figure but was writhing in torture, not a dead one but was smearedwith blood, gashed with wounds, and distorted with the agonies that hadtaken away its life!
from the palace to the gloomy prison is but a step--one might almost jumpacross the narrow canal that intervenes.
the ponderous stone bridge ofsighs crosses it at the second story--a bridge that is a covered tunnel--you can not be seen when you walk in it.
it is partitioned lengthwise,and through one compartment walked such as bore light sentences inancient times, and through the other marched sadly the wretches whom thethree had doomed to lingering misery and utter oblivion in the dungeons,or to sudden and mysterious death.
down below the level of the water, bythe light of smoking torches, we were shown the damp, thick-walled cellswhere many a proud patrician's life was eaten away by the long-drawnmiseries of solitary imprisonment--without light, air, books; naked,unshaven, uncombed, covered with vermin; his useless tongue forgettingits office, with none to speak to; the days and nights of his life nolonger marked, but merged into one eternal eventless night; far away fromall cheerful sounds, buried in the silence of a tomb; forgotten by hishelpless friends, and his fate a dark mystery to them forever; losing hisown memory at last, and knowing no more who he was or how he came there;devouring the loaf of bread and drinking the water that were thrust intothe cell by unseen hands, and troubling his worn spirit no more withhopes and fears and doubts and longings to be free; ceasing to scratchvain prayers and complainings on walls where none, not even himself,could see them, and resigning himself to hopeless apathy, drivelingchildishness, lunacy!
many and many a sorrowful story like this thesestony walls could tell if they could but speak.
in a little narrow corridor, near by, they showed us where many aprisoner, after lying in the dungeons until he was forgotten by all savehis persecutors, was brought by masked executioners and garroted, orsewed up in a sack, passed through a little window to a boat, at dead ofnight, and taken to some remote spot and drowned.
they used to show to visitors the implements of torture wherewith thethree were wont to worm secrets out of the accused--villainous machinesfor crushing thumbs; the stocks where a prisoner sat immovable whilewater fell drop by drop upon his head till the torture was more thanhumanity could bear; and a devilish contrivance of steel, which incloseda prisoner's head like a shell, and crushed it slowly by means of ascrew.
it bore the stains of blood that had trickled through its jointslong ago, and on one side it had a projection whereon the torturer restedhis elbow comfortably and bent down his ear to catch the moanings of thesufferer perishing within.
of course we went to see the venerable relic of the ancient glory ofvenice, with its pavements worn and broken by the passing feet of athousand years of plebeians and patricians--the cathedral of st. mark.
it is built entirely of precious marbles, brought from the orient--nothing in its composition is domestic.
its hoary traditions make it anobject of absorbing interest to even the most careless stranger, and thusfar it had interest for me; but no further.
i could not go intoecstasies over its coarse mosaics, its unlovely byzantine architecture,or its five hundred curious interior columns from as many distantquarries.
every thing was worn out--every block of stone was smooth andalmost shapeless with the polishing hands and shoulders of loungers whodevoutly idled here in by-gone centuries and have died and gone to thedev--no, simply died, i mean.
under the altar repose the ashes of st. mark--and matthew, luke and john,too, for all i know.
venice reveres those relics above all thingsearthly.
for fourteen hundred years st. mark has been her patron saint.
every thing about the city seems to be named after him or so named as torefer to him in some way--so named, or some purchase rigged in some wayto scrape a sort of hurrahing acquaintance with him.
that seems to bethe idea.
to be on good terms with st. mark, seems to be the very summitof venetian ambition.
they say st. mark had a tame lion, and used totravel with him--and every where that st. mark went, the lion was sure togo.
it was his protector, his friend, his librarian.
and so the wingedlion of st. mark, with the open bible under his paw, is a favorite emblemin the grand old city.
it casts its shadow from the most ancient pillarin venice, in the grand square of st. mark, upon the throngs of freecitizens below, and has so done for many a long century.
the winged lionis found every where--and doubtless here, where the winged lion is, noharm can come.
st. mark died at alexandria, in egypt.
he was martyred, i think.
however, that has nothing to do with my legend.
about the founding ofthe city of venice--say four hundred and fifty years after christ--(forvenice is much younger than any other italian city,) a priest dreamedthat an angel told him that until the remains of st. mark were brought tovenice, the city could never rise to high distinction among the nations;that the body must be captured, brought to the city, and a magnificentchurch built over it; and that if ever the venetians allowed the saint tobe removed from his new resting-place, in that day venice would perishfrom off the face of the earth.
the priest proclaimed his dream, andforthwith venice set about procuring the corpse of st. mark.
oneexpedition after another tried and failed, but the project was neverabandoned during four hundred years.
at last it was secured bystratagem, in the year eight hundred and something.
the commander of avenetian expedition disguised himself, stole the bones, separated them,and packed them in vessels filled with lard.
the religion of mahometcauses its devotees to abhor anything that is in the nature of pork, andso when the christian was stopped by the officers at the gates of thecity, they only glanced once into his precious baskets, then turned uptheir noses at the unholy lard, and let him go.
the bones were buried inthe vaults of the grand cathedral, which had been waiting long years toreceive them, and thus the safety and the greatness of venice weresecured.
and to this day there be those in venice who believe that ifthose holy ashes were stolen away, the ancient city would vanish like adream, and its foundations be buried forever in the unremembering sea.
the venetian gondola is as free and graceful, in its gliding movement, asa serpent.
it is twenty or thirty feet long, and is narrow and deep,like a canoe; its sharp bow and stern sweep upward from the water likethe horns of a crescent with the abruptness of the curve slightlymodified.
the bow is ornamented with a steel comb with a battle-ax attachment whichthreatens to cut passing boats in two occasionally, but never does.
thegondola is painted black because in the zenith of venetian magnificencethe gondolas became too gorgeous altogether, and the senate decreed thatall such display must cease, and a solemn, unembellished black besubstituted.
if the truth were known, it would doubtless appear thatrich plebeians grew too prominent in their affectation of patrician showon the grand canal, and required a wholesome snubbing.
reverence for thehallowed past and its traditions keeps the dismal fashion in force nowthat the compulsion exists no longer.
so let it remain.
it is the colorof mourning.
the stern of the boat is decked over andthe gondolier stands there.
he uses a single oar--a long blade, ofcourse, for he stands nearly erect.
a wooden peg, a foot and a halfhigh, with two slight crooks or curves in one side of it and one in theother, projects above the starboard gunwale.
against that peg thegondolier takes a purchase with his oar, changing it at intervals to theother side of the peg or dropping it into another of the crooks, as thesteering of the craft may demand--and how in the world he can back andfill, shoot straight ahead, or flirt suddenly around a corner, and makethe oar stay in those insignificant notches, is a problem to me and anever diminishing matter of interest.
i am afraid i study thegondolier's marvelous skill more than i do the sculptured palaces weglide among.
he cuts a corner so closely, now and then, or missesanother gondola by such an imperceptible hair-breadth that i feel myself"scrooching," as the children say, just as one does when a buggy wheelgrazes his elbow.
but he makes all his calculations with the nicestprecision, and goes darting in and out among a broadway confusion of busycraft with the easy confidence of the educated hackman.
he never makes amistake.
sometimes we go flying down the great canals at such a gait that we canget only the merest glimpses into front doors, and again, in obscurealleys in the suburbs, we put on a solemnity suited to the silence, themildew, the stagnant waters, the clinging weeds, the deserted houses andthe general lifelessness of the place, and move to the spirit of gravemeditation.
the gondolier is a picturesque rascal for all he wears no satin harness,no plumed bonnet, no silken tights.
his attitude is stately; he is litheand supple; all his movements are full of grace.
when his long canoe,and his fine figure, towering from its high perch on the stern, are cutagainst the evening sky, they make a picture that is very novel andstriking to a foreign eye.
we sit in the cushioned carriage-body of a cabin, with the curtainsdrawn, and smoke, or read, or look out upon the passing boats, thehouses, the bridges, the people, and enjoy ourselves much more than wecould in a buggy jolting over our cobble-stone pavements at home.
thisis the gentlest, pleasantest locomotion we have ever known.
but it seems queer--ever so queer--to see a boat doing duty as a privatecarriage.
we see business men come to the front door, step into agondola, instead of a street car, and go off down town to thecounting-room.
we see visiting young ladies stand on the stoop, and laugh, and kissgood-bye, and flirt their fans and say "come soon--now do--you've beenjust as mean as ever you can be--mother's dying to see you--and we'vemoved into the new house, o such a love of a place!--so convenient to thepost office and the church, and the young men's christian association;and we do have such fishing, and such carrying on, and suchswimming-matches in the back yard--oh, you must come--no distance at all,and if you go down through by st. mark's and the bridge of sighs, and cutthrough the alley and come up by the church of santa maria dei frari, andinto the grand canal, there isn't a bit of current--now do come, sallymaria--by-bye!"
and then the little humbug trips down the steps, jumpsinto the gondola, says, under her breath, "disagreeable old thing, i hopeshe won't!"
goes skimming away, round the corner; and the other girlslams the street door and says, "well, that infliction's over, any way,--but i suppose i've got to go and see her--tiresome stuck-up thing!"
human nature appears to be just the same, all over the world.
we see thediffident young man, mild of moustache, affluent of hair, indigent ofbrain, elegant of costume, drive up to her father's mansion, tell hishackman to bail out and wait, start fearfully up the steps and meet "theold gentleman" right on the threshold!--hear him ask what street the newbritish bank is in--as if that were what he came for--and then bounceinto his boat and skurry away with his coward heart in his boots!--seehim come sneaking around the corner again, directly, with a crack of thecurtain open toward the old gentleman's disappearing gondola, and outscampers his susan with a flock of little italian endearments flutteringfrom her lips, and goes to drive with him in the watery avenues downtoward the rialto.
we see the ladies go out shopping, in the most natural way, and flit fromstreet to street and from store to store, just in the good old fashion,except that they leave the gondola, instead of a private carriage,waiting at the curbstone a couple of hours for them,--waiting while theymake the nice young clerks pull down tons and tons of silks and velvetsand moire antiques and those things; and then they buy a paper of pinsand go paddling away to confer the rest of their disastrous patronage onsome other firm.
and they always have their purchases sent home just inthe good old way.
human nature is very much the same all over the world;and it is so like my dear native home to see a venetian lady go into astore and buy ten cents' worth of blue ribbon and have it sent home in ascow.
ah, it is these little touches of nature that move one to tears inthese far-off foreign lands.
we see little girls and boys go out in gondolas with their nurses, for anairing.
we see staid families, with prayer-book and beads, enter thegondola dressed in their sunday best, and float away to church.
and atmidnight we see the theatre break up and discharge its swarm of hilariousyouth and beauty; we hear the cries of the hackman-gondoliers, and beholdthe struggling crowd jump aboard, and the black multitude of boats goskimming down the moonlit avenues; we see them separate here and there,and disappear up divergent streets; we hear the faint sounds of laughterand of shouted farewells floating up out of the distance; and then, thestrange pageant being gone, we have lonely stretches of glittering water--of stately buildings--of blotting shadows--of weird stone facescreeping into the moonlight--of deserted bridges--of motionless boats atanchor.
and over all broods that mysterious stillness, that stealthyquiet, that befits so well this old dreaming venice.
we have been pretty much every where in our gondola.
we have boughtbeads and photographs in the stores, and wax matches in the great squareof st. mark.
the last remark suggests a digression.
every body goes tothis vast square in the evening.
the military bands play in the centreof it and countless couples of ladies and gentlemen promenade up and downon either side, and platoons of them are constantly drifting away towardthe old cathedral, and by the venerable column with the winged lion ofst. mark on its top, and out to where the boats lie moored; and otherplatoons are as constantly arriving from the gondolas and joining thegreat throng.
between the promenaders and the side-walks are seatedhundreds and hundreds of people at small tables, smoking and takinggranita, (a first cousin to ice-cream;) on the side-walks are moreemploying themselves in the same way.
the shops in the first floor ofthe tall rows of buildings that wall in three sides of the square arebrilliantly lighted, the air is filled with music and merry voices, andaltogether the scene is as bright and spirited and full of cheerfulnessas any man could desire.
we enjoy it thoroughly.
very many of the youngwomen are exceedingly pretty and dress with rare good taste.
we aregradually and laboriously learning the ill-manners of staring themunflinchingly in the face--not because such conduct is agreeable to us,but because it is the custom of the country and they say the girls likeit.
we wish to learn all the curious, outlandish ways of all thedifferent countries, so that we can "show off" and astonish people whenwe get home.
we wish to excite the envy of our untraveled friends withour strange foreign fashions which we can't shake off.
all ourpassengers are paying strict attention to this thing, with the end inview which i have mentioned.
the gentle reader will never, never knowwhat a consummate ass he can become, until he goes abroad.
i speak now,of course, in the supposition that the gentle reader has not been abroad,and therefore is not already a consummate ass.
if the case be otherwise,i beg his pardon and extend to him the cordial hand of fellowship andcall him brother.
i shall always delight to meet an ass after my ownheart when i shall have finished my travels.
on this subject let me remark that there are americans abroad in italywho have actually forgotten their mother tongue in three months--forgotit in france.
they can not even write their address in english in ahotel register.
i append these evidences, which i copied verbatim fromthe register of a hotel in a certain italian city:     "john p. whitcomb, etats unis.
l. ainsworth, travailleur (he meant traveler, i suppose,)      etats unis.
"george p. morton et fils, d'amerique.
"lloyd b.  williams, et trois amis, ville de boston, amerique.
"j. ellsworth baker, tout de suite de france, place de     naissance amerique, destination la grand bretagne."
i love this sort of people.
a lady passenger of ours tells of afellow-citizen of hers who spent eight weeks in paris and then returnedhome and addressed his dearest old bosom friend herbert as mr.
he apologized, though, and said, "'pon my soul it isaggravating, but i cahn't help it--i have got so used to speakingnothing but french, my dear erbare--damme there it goes again!--got soused to french pronunciation that i cahn't get rid of it--it ispositively annoying, i assure you."
this entertaining idiot, whose namewas gordon, allowed himself to be hailed three times in the streetbefore he paid any attention, and then begged a thousand pardons andsaid he had grown so accustomed to hearing himself addressed as "m'sieugor-r-dong," with a roll to the r, that he had forgotten the legitimatesound of his name!
he wore a rose in his button-hole; he gave the frenchsalutation--two flips of the hand in front of the face; he called parispairree in ordinary english conversation; he carried envelopes bearingforeign postmarks protruding from his breast-pocket; he cultivated amoustache and imperial, and did what else he could to suggest to thebeholder his pet fancy that he resembled louis napoleon--and in a spiritof thankfulness which is entirely unaccountable, considering the slimfoundation there was for it, he praised his maker that he was as he was,and went on enjoying his little life just the same as if he really hadbeen deliberately designed and erected by the great architect of theuniverse.
think of our whitcombs, and our ainsworths and our williamses writingthemselves down in dilapidated french in foreign hotel registers!
welaugh at englishmen, when we are at home, for sticking so sturdily totheir national ways and customs, but we look back upon it from abroadvery forgivingly.
it is not pleasant to see an american thrusting hisnationality forward obtrusively in a foreign land, but oh, it is pitiableto see him making of himself a thing that is neither male nor female,neither fish, flesh, nor fowl--a poor, miserable, hermaphroditefrenchman!
among a long list of churches, art galleries, and such things, visited byus in venice, i shall mention only one--the church of santa maria deifrari.
it is about five hundred years old, i believe, and stands ontwelve hundred thousand piles.
in it lie the body of canova and theheart of titian, under magnificent monuments.
titian died at the age ofalmost one hundred years.
a plague which swept away fifty thousand liveswas raging at the time, and there is notable evidence of the reverence inwhich the great painter was held, in the fact that to him alone the statepermitted a public funeral in all that season of terror and death.
in this church, also, is a monument to the doge foscari, whose name aonce resident of venice, lord byron, has made permanently famous.
the monument to the doge giovanni pesaro, in this church, is a curiosityin the way of mortuary adornment.
it is eighty feet high and is frontedlike some fantastic pagan temple.
against it stand four colossalnubians, as black as night, dressed in white marble garments.
the blacklegs are bare, and through rents in sleeves and breeches, the skin, ofshiny black marble, shows.
the artist was as ingenious as his funeraldesigns were absurd.
there are two bronze skeletons bearing scrolls, andtwo great dragons uphold the sarcophagus.
on high, amid all thisgrotesqueness, sits the departed doge.
in the conventual buildings attached to this church are the statearchives of venice.
we did not see them, but they are said to numbermillions of documents.
"they are the records of centuries of the mostwatchful, observant and suspicious government that ever existed--in whichevery thing was written down and nothing spoken out."
they fill nearlythree hundred rooms.
among them are manuscripts from the archives ofnearly two thousand families, monasteries and convents.
the secrethistory of venice for a thousand years is here--its plots, its hiddentrials, its assassinations, its commissions of hireling spies and maskedbravoes--food, ready to hand, for a world of dark and mysteriousromances.
yes, i think we have seen all of venice.
we have seen, in these oldchurches, a profusion of costly and elaborate sepulchre ornamentationsuch as we never dreampt of before.
we have stood in the dim religiouslight of these hoary sanctuaries, in the midst of long ranks of dustymonuments and effigies of the great dead of venice, until we seemeddrifting back, back, back, into the solemn past, and looking upon thescenes and mingling with the peoples of a remote antiquity.
we have beenin a half-waking sort of dream all the time.
i do not know how else todescribe the feeling.
a part of our being has remained still in thenineteenth century, while another part of it has seemed in someunaccountable way walking among the phantoms of the tenth.
we have seen famous pictures until our eyes are weary with looking atthem and refuse to find interest in them any longer.
and what wonder,when there are twelve hundred pictures by palma the younger in venice andfifteen hundred by tintoretto?
and behold there are titians and theworks of other artists in proportion.
we have seen titian's celebratedcain and abel, his david and goliah, his abraham's sacrifice.
we haveseen tintoretto's monster picture, which is seventy-four feet long and ido not know how many feet high, and thought it a very commodious picture.
we have seen pictures of martyrs enough, and saints enough, to regeneratethe world.
i ought not to confess it, but still, since one has noopportunity in america to acquire a critical judgment in art, and since icould not hope to become educated in it in europe in a few short weeks, imay therefore as well acknowledge with such apologies as may be due, thatto me it seemed that when i had seen one of these martyrs i had seen themall.
they all have a marked family resemblance to each other, they dressalike, in coarse monkish robes and sandals, they are all bald headed,they all stand in about the same attitude, and without exception they aregazing heavenward with countenances which the ainsworths, the mortons andthe williamses, et fils, inform me are full of "expression."
to me thereis nothing tangible about these imaginary portraits, nothing that i cangrasp and take a living interest in.
if great titian had only beengifted with prophecy, and had skipped a martyr, and gone over to englandand painted a portrait of shakspeare, even as a youth, which we could allhave confidence in now, the world down to the latest generations wouldhave forgiven him the lost martyr in the rescued seer.
i think posteritycould have spared one more martyr for the sake of a great historicalpicture of titian's time and painted by his brush--such as columbusreturning in chains from the discovery of a world, for instance.
the oldmasters did paint some venetian historical pictures, and these we did nottire of looking at, notwithstanding representations of the formalintroduction of defunct doges to the virgin mary in regions beyond theclouds clashed rather harshly with the proprieties, it seemed to us.
but humble as we are, and unpretending, in the matter of art, ourresearches among the painted monks and martyrs have not been wholly invain.
we have striven hard to learn.
we have had some success.
we havemastered some things, possibly of trifling import in the eyes of thelearned, but to us they give pleasure, and we take as much pride in ourlittle acquirements as do others who have learned far more, and we loveto display them full as well.
when we see a monk going about with a lionand looking tranquilly up to heaven, we know that that is st. mark.
whenwe see a monk with a book and a pen, looking tranquilly up to heaven,trying to think of a word, we know that that is st. matthew.
when we seea monk sitting on a rock, looking tranquilly up to heaven, with a humanskull beside him, and without other baggage, we know that that is st.jerome.
because we know that he always went flying light in the matterof baggage.
when we see a party looking tranquilly up to heaven,unconscious that his body is shot through and through with arrows, weknow that that is st. sebastian.
when we see other monks lookingtranquilly up to heaven, but having no trade-mark, we always ask whothose parties are.
we do this because we humbly wish to learn.
we haveseen thirteen thousand st. jeromes, and twenty-two thousand st. marks,and sixteen thousand st. matthews, and sixty thousand st. sebastians, andfour millions of assorted monks, undesignated, and we feel encouraged tobelieve that when we have seen some more of these various pictures, andhad a larger experience, we shall begin to take an absorbing interest inthem like our cultivated countrymen from amerique.
now it does give me real pain to speak in this almost unappreciative wayof the old masters and their martyrs, because good friends of mine in theship--friends who do thoroughly and conscientiously appreciate them andare in every way competent to discriminate between good pictures andinferior ones--have urged me for my own sake not to make public the factthat i lack this appreciation and this critical discrimination myself.
ibelieve that what i have written and may still write about pictures willgive them pain, and i am honestly sorry for it.
i even promised that iwould hide my uncouth sentiments in my own breast.
i nevercould keep a promise.
i do not blame myself for this weakness, becausethe fault must lie in my physical organization.
it is likely that such avery liberal amount of space was given to the organ which enables me tomake promises, that the organ which should enable me to keep them wascrowded out.
but i grieve not.
i like no half-way things.
i had ratherhave one faculty nobly developed than two faculties of mere ordinarycapacity.
i certainly meant to keep that promise, but i find i can notdo it.
it is impossible to travel through italy without speaking ofpictures, and can i see them through others' eyes?
if i did not so delight in the grand pictures that are spread before meevery day of my life by that monarch of all the old masters, nature, ishould come to believe, sometimes, that i had in me no appreciation ofthe beautiful, whatsoever.
it seems to me that whenever i glory to think that for once i havediscovered an ancient painting that is beautiful and worthy of allpraise, the pleasure it gives me is an infallible proof that it is not abeautiful picture and not in any wise worthy of commendation.
this verything has occurred more times than i can mention, in venice.
in everysingle instance the guide has crushed out my swelling enthusiasm with theremark:"it is nothing--it is of the renaissance."
i did not know what in the mischief the renaissance was, and so always ihad to simply say,"ah!
so it is--i had not observed it before."
i could not bear to be ignorant before a cultivated negro, the offspringof a south carolina slave.
but it occurred too often for even myself-complacency, did that exasperating "it is nothing--it is of therenaissance."
i said at last:"who is this renaissance?
where did he come from?
who gave himpermission to cram the republic with his execrable daubs?"
we learned, then, that renaissance was not a man; that renaissance was aterm used to signify what was at best but an imperfect rejuvenation ofart.
the guide said that after titian's time and the time of the othergreat names we had grown so familiar with, high art declined; then itpartially rose again--an inferior sort of painters sprang up, and theseshabby pictures were the work of their hands.
then i said, in my heat,that i "wished to goodness high art had declined five hundred yearssooner."
the renaissance pictures suit me very well, though sooth to sayits school were too much given to painting real men and did not indulgeenough in martyrs.
the guide i have spoken of is the only one we have had yet who knew anything.
he was born in south carolina, of slave parents.
they came tovenice while he was an infant.
he has grown up here.
he is welleducated.
he reads, writes, and speaks english, italian, spanish, andfrench, with perfect facility; is a worshipper of art and thoroughlyconversant with it; knows the history of venice by heart and never tiresof talking of her illustrious career.
he dresses better than any of us,i think, and is daintily polite.
negroes are deemed as good as whitepeople, in venice, and so this man feels no desire to go back to hisnative land.
his judgment is correct.
i have had another shave.
i was writing in our front room this afternoonand trying hard to keep my attention on my work and refrain from lookingout upon the canal.
i was resisting the soft influences of the climateas well as i could, and endeavoring to overcome the desire to be indolentand happy.
the boys sent for a barber.
they asked me if i would beshaved.
i reminded them of my tortures in genoa, milan, como; of mydeclaration that i would suffer no more on italian soil.
i said "not anyfor me, if you please."
i wrote on.
the barber began on the doctor.
i heard him say:"dan, this is the easiest shave i have had since we left the ship."
he said again, presently:"why dan, a man could go to sleep with this man shaving him."
dan took the chair.
then he said:"why this is titian.
this is one of the old masters."
i wrote on.
directly dan said:"doctor, it is perfect luxury.
the ship's barber isn't any thing tohim."
my rough beard wee distressing me beyond measure.
the barber was rollingup his apparatus.
the temptation was too strong.
i said:"hold on, please.
shave me also."
i sat down in the chair and closed my eyes.
the barber soaped my face,and then took his razor and gave me a rake that well nigh threw me intoconvulsions.
i jumped out of the chair: dan and the doctor were bothwiping blood off their faces and laughing.
i said it was a mean, disgraceful fraud.
they said that the misery of this shave had gone so far beyond any thingthey had ever experienced before, that they could not bear the idea oflosing such a chance of hearing a cordial opinion from me on the subject.
it was shameful.
but there was no help for it.
the skinning was begunand had to be finished.
the tears flowed with every rake, and so did thefervent execrations.
the barber grew confused, and brought blood everytime.
i think the boys enjoyed it better than any thing they have seenor heard since they left home.
we have seen the campanile, and byron's house and balbi's the geographer,and the palaces of all the ancient dukes and doges of venice, and we haveseen their effeminate descendants airing their nobility in fashionablefrench attire in the grand square of st. mark, and eating ices anddrinking cheap wines, instead of wearing gallant coats of mail anddestroying fleets and armies as their great ancestors did in the days ofvenetian glory.
we have seen no bravoes with poisoned stilettos, nomasks, no wild carnival; but we have seen the ancient pride of venice,the grim bronze horses that figure in a thousand legends.
venice maywell cherish them, for they are the only horses she ever had.
it is saidthere are hundreds of people in this curious city who never have seen aliving horse in their lives.
it is entirely true, no doubt.
and so, having satisfied ourselves, we depart to-morrow, and leave thevenerable queen of the republics to summon her vanished ships, andmarshal her shadowy armies, and know again in dreams the pride of her oldrenown.
some of the quaker city's passengers had arrived in venice fromswitzerland and other lands before we left there, and others wereexpected every day.
we heard of no casualties among them, and nosickness.
we were a little fatigued with sight seeing, and so we rattled through agood deal of country by rail without caring to stop.
i took few notes.
i find no mention of bologna in my memorandum book, except that wearrived there in good season, but saw none of the sausages for which theplace is so justly celebrated.
pistoia awoke but a passing interest.
florence pleased us for a while.
i think we appreciated the great figureof david in the grand square, and the sculptured group they call the rapeof the sabines.
we wandered through the endless collections of paintingsand statues of the pitti and ufizzi galleries, of course.
i make thatstatement in self-defense; there let it stop.
i could not rest under theimputation that i visited florence and did not traverse its weary milesof picture galleries.
we tried indolently to recollect something aboutthe guelphs and ghibelines and the other historical cut-throats whosequarrels and assassinations make up so large a share of florentinehistory, but the subject was not attractive.
we had been robbed of allthe fine mountain scenery on our little journey by a system ofrailroading that had three miles of tunnel to a hundred yards ofdaylight, and we were not inclined to be sociable with florence.
we hadseen the spot, outside the city somewhere, where these people had allowedthe bones of galileo to rest in unconsecrated ground for an age becausehis great discovery that the world turned around was regarded as adamning heresy by the church; and we know that long after the world hadaccepted his theory and raised his name high in the list of its greatmen, they had still let him rot there.
that we had lived to see his dustin honored sepulture in the church of santa croce we owed to a society ofliterati, and not to florence or her rulers.
we saw dante's tomb in thatchurch, also, but we were glad to know that his body was not in it; thatthe ungrateful city that had exiled him and persecuted him would givemuch to have it there, but need not hope to ever secure that high honorto herself.
medicis are good enough for florence.
let her plant medicisand build grand monuments over them to testify how gratefully she waswont to lick the hand that scourged her.
her jewelry marts are filled with artists inmosaic.
florentine mosaics are the choicest in all the world.
florenceloves to have that said.
florence is proud of it.
florence would fosterthis specialty of hers.
she is grateful to the artists that bring to herthis high credit and fill her coffers with foreign money, and so sheencourages them with pensions.
think of the lavishnessof it.
she knows that people who piece together the beautiful triflesdie early, because the labor is so confining, and so exhausting to handand brain, and so she has decreed that all these people who reach the ageof sixty shall have a pension after that!
i have not heard that any ofthem have called for their dividends yet.
one man did fight along tillhe was sixty, and started after his pension, but it appeared that therehad been a mistake of a year in his family record, and so he gave it upand died.
these artists will take particles of stone or glass no larger than amustard seed, and piece them together on a sleeve button or a shirt stud,so smoothly and with such nice adjustment of the delicate shades of colorthe pieces bear, as to form a pigmy rose with stem, thorn, leaves, petalscomplete, and all as softly and as truthfully tinted as though nature hadbuilded it herself.
they will counterfeit a fly, or a high-toned bug, orthe ruined coliseum, within the cramped circle of a breastpin, and do itso deftly and so neatly that any man might think a master painted it.
i saw a little table in the great mosaic school in florence--a littletrifle of a centre table--whose top was made of some sort of preciouspolished stone, and in the stone was inlaid the figure of a flute, withbell-mouth and a mazy complication of keys.
no painting in the worldcould have been softer or richer; no shading out of one tint into anothercould have been more perfect; no work of art of any kind could have beenmore faultless than this flute, and yet to count the multitude of littlefragments of stone of which they swore it was formed would bankrupt anyman's arithmetic!
i do not think one could have seen where two particlesjoined each other with eyes of ordinary shrewdness.
certainly we coulddetect no such blemish.
this table-top cost the labor of one man for tenlong years, so they said, and it was for sale for thirty-five thousanddollars.
we went to the church of santa croce, from time to time, in florence, toweep over the tombs of michael angelo, raphael and machiavelli,(i suppose they are buried there, but it may be that they resideelsewhere and rent their tombs to other parties--such being the fashionin italy,) and between times we used to go and stand on the bridges andadmire the arno.
it is popular to admire the arno.
it is a greathistorical creek with four feet in the channel and some scows floatingaround.
it would be a very plausible river if they would pump some waterinto it.
they all call it a river, and they honestly think it is ariver, do these dark and bloody florentines.
they even help out thedelusion by building bridges over it.
i do not see why they are too goodto wade.
how the fatigues and annoyances of travel fill one with bitter prejudicessometimes!
i might enter florence under happier auspices a month henceand find it all beautiful, all attractive.
but i do not care to think ofit now, at all, nor of its roomy shops filled to the ceiling with snowymarble and alabaster copies of all the celebrated sculptures in europe--copies so enchanting to the eye that i wonder how they can really beshaped like the dingy petrified nightmares they are the portraits of.
igot lost in florence at nine o'clock, one night, and staid lost in thatlabyrinth of narrow streets and long rows of vast buildings that look allalike, until toward three o'clock in the morning.
it was a pleasantnight and at first there were a good many people abroad, and there werecheerful lights about.
later, i grew accustomed to prowling aboutmysterious drifts and tunnels and astonishing and interesting myself withcoming around corners expecting to find the hotel staring me in the face,and not finding it doing any thing of the kind.
later still, i felttired.
i soon felt remarkably tired.
but there was no one abroad, now--not even a policeman.
i walked till i was out of all patience, and veryhot and thirsty.
at last, somewhere after one o'clock, i cameunexpectedly to one of the city gates.
i knew then that i was very farfrom the hotel.
the soldiers thought i wanted to leave the city, andthey sprang up and barred the way with their muskets.
i said:"hotel d'europe!"
it was all the italian i knew, and i was not certain whether that wasitalian or french.
the soldiers looked stupidly at each other and at me,and shook their heads and took me into custody.
i said i wanted to gohome.
they did not understand me.
they took me into the guard-house andsearched me, but they found no sedition on me.
they found a small pieceof soap (we carry soap with us, now,) and i made them a present of it,seeing that they regarded it as a curiosity.
i continued to say hoteld'europe, and they continued to shake their heads, until at last a youngsoldier nodding in the corner roused up and said something.
he said heknew where the hotel was, i suppose, for the officer of the guard senthim away with me.
we walked a hundred or a hundred and fifty miles, itappeared to me, and then he got lost.
he turned this way and that, andfinally gave it up and signified that he was going to spend the remainderof the morning trying to find the city gate again.
at that moment itstruck me that there was something familiar about the house over the way.
it was the hotel!
it was a happy thing for me that there happened to be a soldier therethat knew even as much as he did; for they say that the policy of thegovernment is to change the soldiery from one place to another constantlyand from country to city, so that they can not become acquainted with thepeople and grow lax in their duties and enter into plots and conspiracieswith friends.
my experiences of florence were chiefly unpleasant.
iwill change the subject.
at pisa we climbed up to the top of the strangest structure the world hasany knowledge of--the leaning tower.
as every one knows, it is in theneighborhood of one hundred and eighty feet high--and i beg to observethat one hundred and eighty feet reach to about the hight of fourordinary three-story buildings piled one on top of the other, and is avery considerable altitude for a tower of uniform thickness to aspire to,even when it stands upright--yet this one leans more than thirteen feetout of the perpendicular.
it is seven hundred years old, but neitherhistory or tradition say whether it was built as it is, purposely, orwhether one of its sides has settled.
there is no record that it everstood straight up.
it is built of marble.
it is an airy and a beautifulstructure, and each of its eight stories is encircled by fluted columns,some of marble and some of granite, with corinthian capitals that werehandsome when they were new.
it is a bell tower, and in its top hangs achime of ancient bells.
the winding staircase within is dark, but onealways knows which side of the tower he is on because of his naturallygravitating from one side to the other of the staircase with the rise ordip of the tower.
some of the stone steps are foot-worn only on one end;others only on the other end; others only in the middle.
to look downinto the tower from the top is like looking down into a tilted well.
arope that hangs from the centre of the top touches the wall before itreaches the bottom.
standing on the summit, one does not feel altogethercomfortable when he looks down from the high side; but to crawl on yourbreast to the verge on the lower side and try to stretch your neck outfar enough to see the base of the tower, makes your flesh creep, andconvinces you for a single moment in spite of all your philosophy, thatthe building is falling.
you handle yourself very carefully, all thetime, under the silly impression that if it is not falling, your triflingweight will start it unless you are particular not to "bear down" on it.
the duomo, close at hand, is one of the finest cathedrals in europe.
itis eight hundred years old.
its grandeur has outlived the highcommercial prosperity and the political importance that made it anecessity, or rather a possibility.
surrounded by poverty, decay andruin, it conveys to us a more tangible impression of the former greatnessof pisa than books could give us.
the baptistery, which is a few years older than the leaning tower, is astately rotunda, of huge dimensions, and was a costly structure.
in ithangs the lamp whose measured swing suggested to galileo the pendulum.
it looked an insignificant thing to have conferred upon the world ofscience and mechanics such a mighty extension of their dominions as ithas.
pondering, in its suggestive presence, i seemed to see a crazyuniverse of swinging disks, the toiling children of this sedate parent.
he appeared to have an intelligent expression about him of knowing thathe was not a lamp at all; that he was a pendulum; a pendulum disguised,for prodigious and inscrutable purposes of his own deep devising, and nota common pendulum either, but the old original patriarchal pendulum--theabraham pendulum of the world.
this baptistery is endowed with the most pleasing echo of all the echoeswe have read of.
the guide sounded two sonorous notes, about half anoctave apart; the echo answered with the most enchanting, the mostmelodious, the richest blending of sweet sounds that one can imagine.
itwas like a long-drawn chord of a church organ, infinitely softened bydistance.
i may be extravagant in this matter, but if this be the casemy ear is to blame--not my pen.
i am describing a memory--and one thatwill remain long with me.
the peculiar devotional spirit of the olden time, which placed a higherconfidence in outward forms of worship than in the watchful guarding ofthe heart against sinful thoughts and the hands against sinful deeds, andwhich believed in the protecting virtues of inanimate objects made holyby contact with holy things, is illustrated in a striking manner in oneof the cemeteries of pisa.
the tombs are set in soil brought in shipsfrom the holy land ages ago.
to be buried in such ground was regarded bythe ancient pisans as being more potent for salvation than many massespurchased of the church and the vowing of many candles to the virgin.
pisa is believed to be about three thousand years old.
it was one of thetwelve great cities of ancient etruria, that commonwealth which has leftso many monuments in testimony of its extraordinary advancement, and solittle history of itself that is tangible and comprehensible.
a pisanantiquarian gave me an ancient tear-jug which he averred was full fourthousand years old.
it was found among the ruins of one of the oldest ofthe etruscan cities.
he said it came from a tomb, and was used by somebereaved family in that remote age when even the pyramids of egypt wereyoung, damascus a village, abraham a prattling infant and ancient troynot yet [dreampt] of, to receive the tears wept for some lost idol of ahousehold.
it spoke to us in a language of its own; and with a pathosmore tender than any words might bring, its mute eloquence swept down thelong roll of the centuries with its tale of a vacant chair, a familiarfootstep missed from the threshold, a pleasant voice gone from thechorus, a vanished form!--a tale which is always so new to us, sostartling, so terrible, so benumbing to the senses, and behold howthreadbare and old it is!
no shrewdly-worded history could have broughtthe myths and shadows of that old dreamy age before us clothed with humanflesh and warmed with human sympathies so vividly as did this poor littleunsentient vessel of pottery.
pisa was a republic in the middle ages, with a government of her own,armies and navies of her own and a great commerce.
she was a warlikepower, and inscribed upon her banners many a brilliant fight with genoeseand turks.
it is said that the city once numbered a population of fourhundred thousand; but her sceptre has passed from her grasp, now, herships and her armies are gone, her commerce is dead.
her battle-flagsbear the mold and the dust of centuries, her marts are deserted, she hasshrunken far within her crumbling walls, and her great population hasdiminished to twenty thousand souls.
she has but one thing left to boastof, and that is not much, viz: she is the second city of tuscany.
we reached leghorn in time to see all we wished to see of it long beforethe city gates were closed for the evening, and then came on board theship.
we felt as though we had been away from home an age.
we never entirelyappreciated, before, what a very pleasant den our state-room is; nor howjolly it is to sit at dinner in one's own seat in one's own cabin, andhold familiar conversation with friends in one's own language.
oh, therare happiness of comprehending every single word that is said, andknowing that every word one says in return will be understood as well!
we would talk ourselves to death, now, only there are only about tenpassengers out of the sixty-five to talk to.
the others are wandering,we hardly know where.
we shall not go ashore in leghorn.
we aresurfeited with italian cities for the present, and much prefer to walkthe familiar quarterdeck and view this one from a distance.
the stupid magnates of this leghorn government can not understand that solarge a steamer as ours could cross the broad atlantic with no otherpurpose than to indulge a party of ladies and gentlemen in a pleasureexcursion.
it looks too improbable.
it is suspicious, they think.
something more important must be hidden behind it all.
they can notunderstand it, and they scorn the evidence of the ship's papers.
theyhave decided at last that we are a battalion of incendiary, blood-thirstygaribaldians in disguise!
and in all seriousness they have set agun-boat to watch the vessel night and day, with orders to close down onany revolutionary movement in a twinkling!
police boats are on patrolduty about us all the time, and it is as much as a sailor's liberty isworth to show himself in a red shirt.
these policemen follow theexecutive officer's boat from shore to ship and from ship to shore andwatch his dark maneuvres with a vigilant eye.
they will arrest him yetunless he assumes an expression of countenance that shall have less ofcarnage, insurrection and sedition in it.
a visit paid in a friendlyway to general garibaldi yesterday (by cordial invitation,) by some ofour passengers, has gone far to confirm the dread suspicions thegovernment harbors toward us.
it is thought the friendly visit was onlythe cloak of a bloody conspiracy.
these people draw near and watch uswhen we bathe in the sea from the ship's side.
do they think we arecommuning with a reserve force of rascals at the bottom?
it is said that we shall probably be quarantined at naples.
two or threeof us prefer not to run this risk.
therefore, when we are rested, wepropose to go in a french steamer to civita and from thence to rome, andby rail to naples.
they do not quarantine the cars, no matter where theygot their passengers from.
there are a good many things about this italy which i do not understand--and more especially i can not understand how a bankrupt government canhave such palatial railroad depots and such marvels of turnpikes.
why,these latter are as hard as adamant, as straight as a line, as smooth asa floor, and as white as snow.
when it is too dark to see any otherobject, one can still see the white turnpikes of france and italy; andthey are clean enough to eat from, without a table-cloth.
and yet notolls are charged.
as for the railways--we have none like them.
the cars slide as smoothlyalong as if they were on runners.
the depots are vast palaces of cutmarble, with stately colonnades of the same royal stone traversing themfrom end to end, and with ample walls and ceilings richly decorated withfrescoes.
the lofty gateways are graced with statues, and the broadfloors are all laid in polished flags of marble.
these things win me more than italy's hundred galleries of priceless arttreasures, because i can understand the one and am not competent toappreciate the other.
in the turnpikes, the railways, the depots, andthe new boulevards of uniform houses in florence and other cities here, isee the genius of louis napoleon, or rather, i see the works of thatstatesman imitated.
but louis has taken care that in france there shallbe a foundation for these improvements--money.
he has always thewherewithal to back up his projects; they strengthen france and neverweaken her.
her material prosperity is genuine.
but here the case isdifferent.
this country is bankrupt.
there is no real foundation forthese great works.
the prosperity they would seem to indicate is apretence.
there is no money in the treasury, and so they enfeeble herinstead of strengthening.
italy has achieved the dearest wish of herheart and become an independent state--and in so doing she has drawn anelephant in the political lottery.
she has nothing to feed it on.
inexperienced in government, she plunged into all manner of uselessexpenditure, and swamped her treasury almost in a day.
she squanderedmillions of francs on a navy which she did not need, and the first timeshe took her new toy into action she got it knocked higher thangilderoy's kite--to use the language of the pilgrims.
but it is an ill-wind that blows nobody good.
a year ago, when italy sawutter ruin staring her in the face and her greenbacks hardly worth thepaper they were printed on, her parliament ventured upon a 'coup de main'that would have appalled the stoutest of her statesmen under lessdesperate circumstances.
they, in a manner, confiscated the domains ofthe church!
this in priest-ridden italy!
this in a land which hasgroped in the midnight of priestly superstition for sixteen hundredyears!
it was a rare good fortune for italy, the stress of weather thatdrove her to break from this prison-house.
they do not call it confiscating the church property.
that would soundtoo harshly yet.
but it amounts to that.
there are thousands ofchurches in italy, each with untold millions of treasures stored away inits closets, and each with its battalion of priests to be supported.
and then there are the estates of the church--league on league of therichest lands and the noblest forests in all italy--all yielding immenserevenues to the church, and none paying a cent in taxes to the state.
in some great districts the church owns all the property--lands,watercourses, woods, mills and factories.
they buy, they sell, theymanufacture, and since they pay no taxes, who can hope to compete withthem?
well, the government has seized all this in effect, and will yet seize itin rigid and unpoetical reality, no doubt.
something must be done tofeed a starving treasury, and there is no other resource in all italy--none but the riches of the church.
so the government intends to take toitself a great portion of the revenues arising from priestly farms,factories, etc., and also intends to take possession of the churches andcarry them on, after its own fashion and upon its own responsibility.
in a few instances it will leave the establishments of great pet churchesundisturbed, but in all others only a handful of priests will be retainedto preach and pray, a few will be pensioned, and the balance turnedadrift.
pray glance at some of these churches and their embellishments, and seewhether the government is doing a righteous thing or not.
in venice,today, a city of a hundred thousand inhabitants, there are twelve hundredpriests.
heaven only knows how many there were before the parliamentreduced their numbers.
there was the great jesuit church.
under the oldregime it required sixty priests to engineer it--the government does itwith five, now, and the others are discharged from service.
all aboutthat church wretchedness and poverty abound.
at its door a dozen hatsand bonnets were doffed to us, as many heads were humbly bowed, and asmany hands extended, appealing for pennies--appealing with foreign wordswe could not understand, but appealing mutely, with sad eyes, and sunkencheeks, and ragged raiment, that no words were needed to translate.
thenwe passed within the great doors, and it seemed that the riches of theworld were before us!
huge columns carved out of single masses ofmarble, and inlaid from top to bottom with a hundred intricate figureswrought in costly verde antique; pulpits of the same rich materials,whose draperies hung down in many a pictured fold, the stony fabriccounterfeiting the delicate work of the loom; the grand altar brilliantwith polished facings and balustrades of oriental agate, jasper, verdeantique, and other precious stones, whose names, even, we seldom hear--and slabs of priceless lapis lazuli lavished every where as recklessly asif the church had owned a quarry of it.
in the midst of all thismagnificence, the solid gold and silver furniture of the altar seemedcheap and trivial.
even the floors and ceilings cost a princely fortune.
now, where is the use of allowing all those riches to lie idle, whilehalf of that community hardly know, from day to day, how they are goingto keep body and soul together?
and, where is the wisdom in permittinghundreds upon hundreds of millions of francs to be locked up in theuseless trumpery of churches all over italy, and the people ground todeath with taxation to uphold a perishing government?
as far as i can see, italy, for fifteen hundred years, has turned all herenergies, all her finances, and all her industry to the building up of avast array of wonderful church edifices, and starving half her citizensto accomplish it.
she is to-day one vast museum of magnificence andmisery.
all the churches in an ordinary american city put together couldhardly buy the jeweled frippery in one of her hundred cathedrals.
andfor every beggar in america, italy can show a hundred--and rags andvermin to match.
it is the wretchedest, princeliest land on earth.
look at the grand duomo of florence--a vast pile that has been sappingthe purses of her citizens for five hundred years, and is not nearlyfinished yet.
like all other men, i fell down and worshipped it, butwhen the filthy beggars swarmed around me the contrast was too striking,too suggestive, and i said, "o, sons of classic italy, is the spirit ofenterprise, of self-reliance, of noble endeavor, utterly dead within ye?
curse your indolent worthlessness, why don't you rob your church?"
three hundred happy, comfortable priests are employed in that cathedral.
and now that my temper is up, i may as well go on and abuse every body ican think of.
they have a grand mausoleum in florence, which they builtto bury our lord and saviour and the medici family in.
it soundsblasphemous, but it is true, and here they act blasphemy.
the dead anddamned medicis who cruelly tyrannized over florence and were her cursefor over two hundred years, are salted away in a circle of costly vaults,and in their midst the holy sepulchre was to have been set up.
theexpedition sent to jerusalem to seize it got into trouble and could notaccomplish the burglary, and so the centre of the mausoleum is vacantnow.
they say the entire mausoleum was intended for the holy sepulchre,and was only turned into a family burying place after the jerusalemexpedition failed--but you will excuse me.
some of those medicis wouldhave smuggled themselves in sure.--what they had not the effrontery todo, was not worth doing.
why, they had their trivial, forgotten exploitson land and sea pictured out in grand frescoes (as did also the ancientdoges of venice) with the saviour and the virgin throwing bouquets tothem out of the clouds, and the deity himself applauding from his thronein heaven!
and who painted these things?
why, titian, tintoretto, paulveronese, raphael--none other than the world's idols, the "old masters."
andrea del sarto glorified his princes in pictures that must save themfor ever from the oblivion they merited, and they let him starve.
raphael pictured such infernal villains as catherine andmarie de medicis seated in heaven and conversing familiarly with thevirgin mary and the angels, (to say nothing of higher personages,) andyet my friends abuse me because i am a little prejudiced against the oldmasters--because i fail sometimes to see the beauty that is in theirproductions.
i can not help but see it, now and then, but i keep onprotesting against the groveling spirit that could persuade those mastersto prostitute their noble talents to the adulation of such monsters asthe french, venetian and florentine princes of two and three hundredyears ago, all the same.
i am told that the old masters had to do these shameful things for bread,the princes and potentates being the only patrons of art.
if a grandlygifted man may drag his pride and his manhood in the dirt for breadrather than starve with the nobility that is in him untainted, the excuseis a valid one.
it would excuse theft in washingtons and wellingtons,and unchastity in women as well.
but somehow, i can not keep that medici mausoleum out of my memory.
itis as large as a church; its pavement is rich enough for the pavement ofa king's palace; its great dome is gorgeous with frescoes; its walls aremade of--what?
red porphyry--verde antique--jasper--oriental agate--alabaster--mother-of-pearl--chalcedony--red coral--lapis lazuli!
all the vast walls are made whollyof these precious stones, worked in, and in and in together in elaboratepattern s and figures, and polished till they glow like great mirrorswith the pictured splendors reflected from the dome overhead.
and beforea statue of one of those dead medicis reposes a crown that blazes withdiamonds and emeralds enough to buy a ship-of-the-line, almost.
theseare the things the government has its evil eye upon, and a happy thing itwill be for italy when they melt away in the public treasury.
however, another beggar approaches.
i will go out anddestroy him, and then come back and write another chapter ofvituperation.
having eaten the friendless orphan--having driven away his comrades--having grown calm and reflective at length--i now feel in a kindliermood.
i feel that after talking so freely about the priests and thechurches, justice demands that if i know any thing good about either iought to say it.
i have heard of many things that redound to the creditof the priesthood, but the most notable matter that occurs to me now isthe devotion one of the mendicant orders showed during the prevalence ofthe cholera last year.
i speak of the dominican friars--men who wear acoarse, heavy brown robe and a cowl, in this hot climate, and gobarefoot.
they live on alms altogether, i believe.
they mustunquestionably love their religion, to suffer so much for it.
when thecholera was raging in naples; when the people were dying by hundreds andhundreds every day; when every concern for the public welfare wasswallowed up in selfish private interest, and every citizen made thetaking care of himself his sole object, these men banded themselvestogether and went about nursing the sick and burying the dead.
theirnoble efforts cost many of them their lives.
they laid them downcheerfully, and well they might.
creeds mathematically precise, andhair-splitting niceties of doctrine, are absolutely necessary for thesalvation of some kinds of souls, but surely the charity, the purity, theunselfishness that are in the hearts of men like these would save theirsouls though they were bankrupt in the true religion--which is ours.
one of these fat bare-footed rascals came here to civita vecchia with usin the little french steamer.
there were only half a dozen of us in thecabin.
he belonged in the steerage.
he was the life of the ship, thebloody-minded son of the inquisition!
he and the leader of the marineband of a french man-of-war played on the piano and sang opera turnabout; they sang duets together; they rigged impromptu theatricalcostumes and gave us extravagant farces and pantomimes.
we got alongfirst-rate with the friar, and were excessively conversational, albeit hecould not understand what we said, and certainly he never uttered a wordthat we could guess the meaning of.
this civita vecchia is the finest nest of dirt, vermin and ignorance wehave found yet, except that african perdition they call tangier, which isjust like it.
the people here live in alleys two yards wide, which havea smell about them which is peculiar but not entertaining.
it is wellthe alleys are not wider, because they hold as much smell now as a personcan stand, and of course, if they were wider they would hold more, andthen the people would die.
these alleys are paved with stone, andcarpeted with deceased cats, and decayed rags, and decomposedvegetable-tops, and remnants of old boots, all soaked with dish-water,and the people sit around on stools and enjoy it.
they are indolent, asa general thing, and yet have few pastimes.
they work two or threehours at a time, but not hard, and then they knock off and catch flies.
this does not require any talent, because they only have to grab--ifthey do not get the one they are after, they get another.
it is all thesame to them.
they have no partialities.
whichever one they get is theone they want.
they have other kinds of insects, but it does not make them arrogant.
they are very quiet, unpretending people.
they have more of these kindof things than other communities, but they do not boast.
they are very uncleanly--these people--in face, in person and dress.
when they see any body with a clean shirt on, it arouses their scorn.
the women wash clothes, half the day, at the public tanks in the streets,but they are probably somebody else's.
or may be they keep one set towear and another to wash; because they never put on any that have everbeen washed.
when they get done washing, they sit in the alleys andnurse their cubs.
they nurse one ash-cat at a time, and the othersscratch their backs against the door-post and are happy.
all this country belongs to the papal states.
they do not appear to haveany schools here, and only one billiard table.
their education is at avery low stage.
one portion of the men go into the military, anotherinto the priesthood, and the rest into the shoe-making business.
they keep up the passport system here, but so they do in turkey.
thisshows that the papal states are as far advanced as turkey.
this factwill be alone sufficient to silence the tongues of malignantcalumniators.
i had to get my passport vised for rome in florence, andthen they would not let me come ashore here until a policeman hadexamined it on the wharf and sent me a permit.
they did not even dare tolet me take my passport in my hands for twelve hours, i looked soformidable.
they judged it best to let me cool down.
they thought iwanted to take the town, likely.
little did they know me.
i wouldn'thave it.
they examined my baggage at the depot.
they took one of myablest jokes and read it over carefully twice and then read it backwards.
but it was too deep for them.
they passed it around, and every bodyspeculated on it awhile, but it mastered them all.
it was no common joke.
at length a veteran officer spelled it overdeliberately and shook his head three or four times and said that in hisopinion it was seditious.
that was the first time i felt alarmed.
iimmediately said i would explain the document, and they crowded around.
and so i explained and explained and explained, and they took notes ofall i said, but the more i explained the more they could not understandit, and when they desisted at last, i could not even understand itmyself.
they said they believed it was an incendiary document, leveledat the government.
i declared solemnly that it was not, but they onlyshook their heads and would not be satisfied.
then they consulted a goodwhile; and finally they confiscated it.
i was very sorry for this,because i had worked a long time on that joke, and took a good deal ofpride in it, and now i suppose i shall never see it any more.
i supposeit will be sent up and filed away among the criminal archives of rome,and will always be regarded as a mysterious infernal machine which wouldhave blown up like a mine and scattered the good pope all around, but fora miraculous providential interference.
and i suppose that all the timei am in rome the police will dog me about from place to place becausethey think i am a dangerous character.
it is fearfully hot in civita vecchia.
the streets are made very narrowand the houses built very solid and heavy and high, as a protectionagainst the heat.
this is the first italian town i have seen which doesnot appear to have a patron saint.
i suppose no saint but the one thatwent up in the chariot of fire could stand the climate.
there is nothing here to see.
they have not even a cathedral, witheleven tons of solid silver archbishops in the back room; and they do notshow you any moldy buildings that are seven thousand years old; nor anysmoke-dried old fire-screens which are chef d'oeuvres of reubens orsimpson, or titian or ferguson, or any of those parties; and they haven'tany bottled fragments of saints, and not even a nail from the true cross.
we are going to rome.
there is nothing to see here.
what is it that confers the noblest delight?
what is that which swells aman's breast with pride above that which any other experience can bringto him?
to know that you are walking where none others havewalked; that you are beholding what human eye has not seen before; thatyou are breathing a virgin atmosphere.
to give birth to an idea--todiscover a great thought--an intellectual nugget, right under the dust ofa field that many a brain--plow had gone over before.
to find a newplanet, to invent a new hinge, to find the way to make the lightningscarry your messages.
to be the first--that is the idea.
to dosomething, say something, see something, before any body else--these arethe things that confer a pleasure compared with which other pleasures aretame and commonplace, other ecstasies cheap and trivial.
morse, with hisfirst message, brought by his servant, the lightning; fulton, in thatlong-drawn century of suspense, when he placed his hand upon thethrottle-valve and lo, the steamboat moved; jenner, when his patient withthe cow's virus in his blood, walked through the smallpox hospitalsunscathed; howe, when the idea shot through his brain that for a hundredand twenty generations the eye had been bored through the wrong end ofthe needle; the nameless lord of art who laid down his chisel in some oldage that is forgotten, now, and gloated upon the finished laocoon;daguerre, when he commanded the sun, riding in the zenith, to print thelandscape upon his insignificant silvered plate, and he obeyed; columbus,in the pinta's shrouds, when he swung his hat above a fabled sea andgazed abroad upon an unknown world!
these are the men who have reallylived--who have actually comprehended what pleasure is--who have crowdedlong lifetimes of ecstasy into a single moment.
what is there in rome for me to see that others have not seen before me?
what is there for me to touch that others have not touched?
what isthere for me to feel, to learn, to hear, to know, that shall thrill mebefore it pass to others?
what can i discover?--nothing.
one charm of travel dies here.
but if i were only a roman!
--if, added to my own i could be gifted with modern roman sloth, modernroman superstition, and modern roman boundlessness of ignorance, whatbewildering worlds of unsuspected wonders i would discover!
ah, if iwere only a habitant of the campagna five and twenty miles from rome!
then i would travel.
i would go to america, and see, and learn, and return to the campagna andstand before my countrymen an illustrious discoverer.
i would say:"i saw there a country which has no overshadowing mother church, and yetthe people survive.
i saw a government which never was protected byforeign soldiers at a cost greater than that required to carry on thegovernment itself.
i saw common men and common women who could read;i even saw small children of common country people reading from books;if i dared think you would believe it, i would say they could write,also.
"in the cities i saw people drinking a delicious beverage made of chalkand water, but never once saw goats driven through their broadway ortheir pennsylvania avenue or their montgomery street and milked at thedoors of the houses.
i saw real glass windows in the houses of even thecommonest people.
some of the houses are not of stone, nor yet ofbricks; i solemnly swear they are made of wood.
houses there will takefire and burn, sometimes--actually burn entirely down, and not leave asingle vestige behind.
i could state that for a truth, upon mydeath-bed.
and as a proof that the circumstance is not rare, i averthat they have a thing which they call a fire-engine, which vomits forthgreat streams of water, and is kept always in readiness, by night and byday, to rush to houses that are burning.
you would think one enginewould be sufficient, but some great cities have a hundred; they keep menhired, and pay them by the month to do nothing but put out fires.
for acertain sum of money other men will insure that your house shall notburn down; and if it burns they will pay you for it.
there are hundredsand thousands of schools, and any body may go and learn to be wise, likea priest.
in that singular country if a rich man dies a sinner, he isdamned; he can not buy salvation with money for masses.
there is reallynot much use in being rich, there.
not much use as far as the otherworld is concerned, but much, very much use, as concerns this; becausethere, if a man be rich, he is very greatly honored, and can become alegislator, a governor, a general, a senator, no matter how ignorant anass he is--just as in our beloved italy the nobles hold all the greatplaces, even though sometimes they are born noble idiots.
there, if aman be rich, they give him costly presents, they ask him to feasts, theyinvite him to drink complicated beverages; but if he be poor and indebt, they require him to do that which they term to 'settle.'
thewomen put on a different dress almost every day; the dress is usuallyfine, but absurd in shape; the very shape and fashion of it changestwice in a hundred years; and did i but covet to be called anextravagant falsifier, i would say it changed even oftener.
hair doesnot grow upon the american women's heads; it is made for them by cunningworkmen in the shops, and is curled and frizzled into scandalous andungodly forms.
some persons wear eyes of glass which they see throughwith facility perhaps, else they would not use them; and in the mouthsof some are teeth made by the sacrilegious hand of man.
the dress ofthe men is laughably grotesque.
they carry no musket in ordinary life,nor no long-pointed pole; they wear no wide green-lined cloak; they wearno peaked black felt hat, no leathern gaiters reaching to the knee, nogoat-skin breeches with the hair side out, no hob-nailed shoes, noprodigious spurs.
they wear a conical hat termed a 'nail-keg;' a coatof saddest black; a shirt which shows dirt so easily that it has to bechanged every month, and is very troublesome; things called pantaloons,which are held up by shoulder straps, and on their feet they wear bootswhich are ridiculous in pattern and can stand no wear.
yet dressed inthis fantastic garb, these people laughed at my costume.
in thatcountry, books are so common that it is really no curiosity to see one.
they have a great machine which prints such things bythousands every hour.
"i saw common men, there--men who were neither priests nor princes--whoyet absolutely owned the land they tilled.
it was not rented from thechurch, nor from the nobles.
i am ready to take my oath of this.
inthat country you might fall from a third story window three severaltimes, and not mash either a soldier or a priest.--the scarcity of suchpeople is astonishing.
in the cities you will see a dozen civilians forevery soldier, and as many for every priest or preacher.
jews, there,are treated just like human beings, instead of dogs.
they can work atany business they please; they can sell brand new goods if they want to;they can keep drug-stores; they can practice medicine among christians;they can even shake hands with christians if they choose; they canassociate with them, just the same as one human being does with anotherhuman being; they don't have to stay shut up in one corner of the towns;they can live in any part of a town they like best; it is said they evenhave the privilege of buying land and houses, and owning them themselves,though i doubt that, myself; they never have had to run races nakedthrough the public streets, against jackasses, to please the people incarnival time; there they never have been driven by the soldiers into achurch every sunday for hundreds of years to hear themselves and theirreligion especially and particularly cursed; at this very day, in thatcurious country, a jew is allowed to vote, hold office, yea, get up on arostrum in the public street and express his opinion of the government ifthe government don't suit him!
ah, it is wonderful.
the common peoplethere know a great deal; they even have the effrontery to complain ifthey are not properly governed, and to take hold and help conduct thegovernment themselves; if they had laws like ours, which give one dollarof every three a crop produces to the government for taxes, they wouldhave that law altered: instead of paying thirty-three dollars in taxes,out of every one hundred they receive, they complain if they have to payseven.
they are curious people.
they do not know when they are welloff.
mendicant priests do not prowl among them with baskets begging forthe church and eating up their substance.
one hardly ever sees aminister of the gospel going around there in his bare feet, with abasket, begging for subsistence.
in that country the preachers are notlike our mendicant orders of friars--they have two or three suits ofclothing, and they wash sometimes.
in that land are mountains far higherthan the alban mountains; the vast roman campagna, a hundred miles longand full forty broad, is really small compared to the united states ofamerica; the tiber, that celebrated river of ours, which stretches itsmighty course almost two hundred miles, and which a lad can scarcelythrow a stone across at rome, is not so long, nor yet so wide, as theamerican mississippi--nor yet the ohio, nor even the hudson.
in americathe people are absolutely wiser and know much more than theirgrandfathers did.
they do not plow with a sharpened stick, nor yet witha three-cornered block of wood that merely scratches the top of theground.
we do that because our fathers did, three thousand years ago, isuppose.
but those people have no holy reverence for their ancestors.
they plow with a plow that is a sharp, curved blade of iron, and it cutsinto the earth full five inches.
and this is not all.
they cut theirgrain with a horrid machine that mows down whole fields in a day.
if idared, i would say that sometimes they use a blasphemous plow that worksby fire and vapor and tears up an acre of ground in a single hour--but--but--i see by your looks that you do not believe the things i am tellingyou.
alas, my character is ruined, and i am a branded speaker ofuntruths!"
of course we have been to the monster church of st. peter, frequently.
i knew its dimensions.
i knew it was a prodigious structure.
i knew itwas just about the length of the capitol at washington--say seven hundredand thirty feet.
i knew it was three hundred and sixty-four feet wide,and consequently wider than the capitol.
i knew that the cross on thetop of the dome of the church was four hundred and thirty-eight feetabove the ground, and therefore about a hundred or may be a hundred andtwenty-five feet higher than the dome of the capitol.--thus i had onegauge.
i wished to come as near forming a correct idea of how it wasgoing to look, as possible; i had a curiosity to see how much i woulderr.
i erred considerably.
st. peter's did not look nearly so large asthe capitol, and certainly not a twentieth part as beautiful, from theoutside.
when we reached the door, and stood fairly within the church, it wasimpossible to comprehend that it was a very large building.
i had tocipher a comprehension of it.
i had to ransack my memory for some moresimiles.
st. peter's is bulky.
its height and size would represent twoof the washington capitol set one on top of the other--if the capitolwere wider; or two blocks or two blocks and a half of ordinary buildingsset one on top of the other.
st. peter's was that large, but it couldand would not look so.
the trouble was that every thing in it and aboutit was on such a scale of uniform vastness that there were no contraststo judge by--none but the people, and i had not noticed them.
the statues of children holding vases of holy water wereimmense, according to the tables of figures, but so was every thing elsearound them.
the mosaic pictures in the dome were huge, and were made ofthousands and thousands of cubes of glass as large as the end of mylittle finger, but those pictures looked smooth, and gaudy of color, andin good proportion to the dome.
evidently they would not answer tomeasure by.
away down toward the far end of the church (i thought it wasreally clear at the far end, but discovered afterward that it was in thecentre, under the dome,) stood the thing they call the baldacchino--agreat bronze pyramidal frame-work like that which upholds a mosquito bar.
it only looked like a considerably magnified bedstead--nothing more.
yeti knew it was a good deal more than half as high as niagara falls.
itwas overshadowed by a dome so mighty that its own height was snubbed.
the four great square piers or pillars that stand equidistant from eachother in the church, and support the roof, i could not work up to theirreal dimensions by any method of comparison.
i knew that the faces ofeach were about the width of a very large dwelling-house front, (fifty orsixty feet,) and that they were twice as high as an ordinary three-storydwelling, but still they looked small.
i tried all the different ways icould think of to compel myself to understand how large st. peter's was,but with small success.
the mosaic portrait of an apostle who waswriting with a pen six feet long seemed only an ordinary apostle.
but the people attracted my attention after a while.
to stand in thedoor of st. peter's and look at men down toward its further extremity,two blocks away, has a diminishing effect on them; surrounded by theprodigious pictures and statues, and lost in the vast spaces, they lookvery much smaller than they would if they stood two blocks away in theopen air.
i "averaged" a man as he passed me and watched him as hedrifted far down by the baldacchino and beyond--watched him dwindle to aninsignificant school-boy, and then, in the midst of the silent throng ofhuman pigmies gliding about him, i lost him.
the church had lately beendecorated, on the occasion of a great ceremony in honor of st. peter, andmen were engaged, now, in removing the flowers and gilt paper from thewalls and pillars.
as no ladders could reach the great heights, the menswung themselves down from balustrades and the capitals of pilasters byropes, to do this work.
the upper gallery which encircles the innersweep of the dome is two hundred and forty feet above the floor of thechurch--very few steeples in america could reach up to it.
visitorsalways go up there to look down into the church because one gets the bestidea of some of the heights and distances from that point.
while westood on the floor one of the workmen swung loose from that gallery atthe end of a long rope.
i had not supposed, before, that a man couldlook so much like a spider.
he was insignificant in size, and his ropeseemed only a thread.
seeing that he took up so little space, i couldbelieve the story, then, that ten thousand troops went to st. peter's,once, to hear mass, and their commanding officer came afterward, and notfinding them, supposed they had not yet arrived.
but they were in thechurch, nevertheless--they were in one of the transepts.
nearly fiftythousand persons assembled in st. peter's to hear the publishing of thedogma of the immaculate conception.
it is estimated that the floor ofthe church affords standing room for--for a large number of people; ihave forgotten the exact figures.
but it is no matter--it is nearenough.
they have twelve small pillars, in st. peter's, which came from solomon'stemple.
they have, also--which was far more interesting to me--a pieceof the true cross, and some nails, and a part of the crown of thorns.
of course we ascended to the summit of the dome, and of course we alsowent up into the gilt copper ball which is above it.--there was roomthere for a dozen persons, with a little crowding, and it was as closeand hot as an oven.
some of those people who are so fond of writingtheir names in prominent places had been there before us--a million ortwo, i should think.
from the dome of st. peter's one can see everynotable object in rome, from the castle of st. angelo to the coliseum.
he can discern the seven hills upon which rome is built.
he can see thetiber, and the locality of the bridge which horatius kept "in the bravedays of old" when lars porsena attempted to cross it with his invadinghost.
he can see the spot where the horatii and the curatii fought theirfamous battle.
he can see the broad green campagna, stretching awaytoward the mountains, with its scattered arches and broken aqueducts ofthe olden time, so picturesque in their gray ruin, and so daintilyfestooned with vines.
he can see the alban mountains, the appenines, thesabine hills, and the blue mediterranean.
he can see a panorama that isvaried, extensive, beautiful to the eye, and more illustrious in historythan any other in europe.--about his feet is spread the remnant of acity that once had a population of four million souls; and among itsmassed edifices stand the ruins of temples, columns, and triumphal archesthat knew the caesars, and the noonday of roman splendor; and close bythem, in unimpaired strength, is a drain of arched and heavy masonry thatbelonged to that older city which stood here before romulus and remuswere born or rome thought of.
the appian way is here yet, and lookingmuch as it did, perhaps, when the triumphal processions of the emperorsmoved over it in other days bringing fettered princes from the confinesof the earth.
we can not see the long array of chariots and mail-cladmen laden with the spoils of conquest, but we can imagine the pageant,after a fashion.
we look out upon many objects of interest from the domeof st. peter's; and last of all, almost at our feet, our eyes rest uponthe building which was once the inquisition.
how times changed, betweenthe older ages and the new!
some seventeen or eighteen centuries ago,the ignorant men of rome were wont to put christians in the arena of thecoliseum yonder, and turn the wild beasts in upon them for a show.
itwas for a lesson as well.
it was to teach the people to abhor and fearthe new doctrine the followers of christ were teaching.
the beasts torethe victims limb from limb and made poor mangled corpses of them in thetwinkling of an eye.
but when the christians came into power, when theholy mother church became mistress of the barbarians, she taught them theerror of their ways by no such means.
no, she put them in this pleasantinquisition and pointed to the blessed redeemer, who was so gentle and somerciful toward all men, and they urged the barbarians to love him; andthey did all they could to persuade them to love and honor him--first bytwisting their thumbs out of joint with a screw; then by nipping theirflesh with pincers--red-hot ones, because they are the most comfortablein cold weather; then by skinning them alive a little, and finally byroasting them in public.
they always convinced those barbarians.
thetrue religion, properly administered, as the good mother church used toadminister it, is very, very soothing.
it is wonderfully persuasive,also.
there is a great difference between feeding parties to wild beastsand stirring up their finer feelings in an inquisition.
one is thesystem of degraded barbarians, the other of enlightened, civilizedpeople.
it is a great pity the playful inquisition is no more.
i prefer not to describe st. peter's.
it has been done before.
theashes of peter, the disciple of the saviour, repose in a crypt under thebaldacchino.
we stood reverently in that place; so did we also in themamertine prison, where he was confined, where he converted the soldiers,and where tradition says he caused a spring of water to flow in orderthat he might baptize them.
but when they showed us the print of peter'sface in the hard stone of the prison wall and said he made that byfalling up against it, we doubted.
and when, also, the monk at thechurch of san sebastian showed us a paving-stone with two greatfootprints in it and said that peter's feet made those, we lackedconfidence again.
such things do not impress one.
the monk said thatangels came and liberated peter from prison by night, and he started awayfrom rome by the appian way.
the saviour met him and told him to goback, which he did.
peter left those footprints in the stone upon whichhe stood at the time.
it was not stated how it was ever discovered whosefootprints they were, seeing the interview occurred secretly and atnight.
the print of the face in the prison was that of a man of commonsize; the footprints were those of a man ten or twelve feet high.
thediscrepancy confirmed our unbelief.
we necessarily visited the forum, where caesar was assassinated, and alsothe tarpeian rock.
we saw the dying gladiator at the capitol, and ithink that even we appreciated that wonder of art; as much, perhaps, aswe did that fearful story wrought in marble, in the vatican--the laocoon.
and then the coliseum.
every body knows the picture of the coliseum; every body recognizes atonce that "looped and windowed" band-box with a side bitten out.
beingrather isolated, it shows to better advantage than any other of themonuments of ancient rome.
even the beautiful pantheon, whose paganaltars uphold the cross, now, and whose venus, tricked out in consecratedgimcracks, does reluctant duty as a virgin mary to-day, is built aboutwith shabby houses and its stateliness sadly marred.
but the monarch ofall european ruins, the coliseum, maintains that reserve and that royalseclusion which is proper to majesty.
weeds and flowers spring from itsmassy arches and its circling seats, and vines hang their fringes fromits lofty walls.
an impressive silence broods over the monstrousstructure where such multitudes of men and women were wont to assemble inother days.
the butterflies have taken the places of the queens offashion and beauty of eighteen centuries ago, and the lizards sunthemselves in the sacred seat of the emperor.
more vividly than all thewritten histories, the coliseum tells the story of rome's grandeur androme's decay.
it is the worthiest type of both that exists.
movingabout the rome of to-day, we might find it hard to believe in her oldmagnificence and her millions of population; but with this stubbornevidence before us that she was obliged to have a theatre with sittingroom for eighty thousand persons and standing room for twenty thousandmore, to accommodate such of her citizens as required amusement, we findbelief less difficult.
the coliseum is over one thousand six hundredfeet long, seven hundred and fifty wide, and one hundred and sixty-fivehigh.
its shape is oval.
in america we make convicts useful at the same time that we punish themfor their crimes.
we farm them out and compel them to earn money for thestate by making barrels and building roads.
thus we combine businesswith retribution, and all things are lovely.
but in ancient rome theycombined religious duty with pleasure.
since it was necessary that thenew sect called christians should be exterminated, the people judged itwise to make this work profitable to the state at the same time, andentertaining to the public.
in addition to the gladiatorial combats andother shows, they sometimes threw members of the hated sect into thearena of the coliseum and turned wild beasts in upon them.
it isestimated that seventy thousand christians suffered martyrdom in thisplace.
this has made the coliseum holy ground, in the eyes of thefollowers of the saviour.
and well it might; for if the chain that bounda saint, and the footprints a saint has left upon a stone he chanced tostand upon, be holy, surely the spot where a man gave up his life for hisfaith is holy.
seventeen or eighteen centuries ago this coliseum was the theatre ofrome, and rome was mistress of the world.
splendid pageants wereexhibited here, in presence of the emperor, the great ministers of state,the nobles, and vast audiences of citizens of smaller consequence.
gladiators fought with gladiators and at times with warrior prisonersfrom many a distant land.
it was the theatre of rome--of the world--andthe man of fashion who could not let fall in a casual and unintentionalmanner something about "my private box at the coliseum" could not move inthe first circles.
when the clothing-store merchant wished to consumethe corner grocery man with envy, he bought secured seats in the frontrow and let the thing be known.
when the irresistible dry goods clerkwished to blight and destroy, according to his native instinct, he gothimself up regardless of expense and took some other fellow's young ladyto the coliseum, and then accented the affront by cramming her with icecream between the acts, or by approaching the cage and stirring up themartyrs with his whalebone cane for her edification.
the roman swell wasin his true element only when he stood up against a pillar and fingeredhis moustache unconscious of the ladies; when he viewed the bloodycombats through an opera-glass two inches long; when he excited the envyof provincials by criticisms which showed that he had been to thecoliseum many and many a time and was long ago over the novelty of it;when he turned away with a yawn at last and said,"he a star!
handles his sword like an apprentice brigand!
he'll do forthe country, may be, but he don't answer for the metropolis!"
glad was the contraband that had a seat in the pit at the saturdaymatinee, and happy the roman street-boy who ate his peanuts and guyed thegladiators from the dizzy gallery.
for me was reserved the high honor of discovering among the rubbish ofthe ruined coliseum the only playbill of that establishment now extant.
there was a suggestive smell of mint-drops about it still, a corner of ithad evidently been chewed, and on the margin, in choice latin, thesewords were written in a delicate female hand:     "meet me on the tarpeian rock tomorrow evening, dear, at sharp     seven.
mother will be absent on a visit to her friends in the     sabine hills.
ah, where is that lucky youth to-day, and where the little hand thatwrote those dainty lines?
dust and ashes these seventeen hundred years!
thus reads the bill:                            roman coliseum.
engagement of the renowned                        marcus marcellus valerian!
for six nights only!
the management beg leave to offer to the public an entertainmentsurpassing in magnificence any thing that has heretofore been attemptedon any stage.
no expense has been spared to make the opening season onewhich shall be worthy the generous patronage which the management feelsure will crown their efforts.
the management beg leave to state thatthey have succeeded in securing the services of a                            galaxy of talent!
such as has not been beheld in rome before.
the performance will commence this evening with a                         grand broadsword combat!
between two young and promising amateurs and a celebrated parthiangladiator who has just arrived a prisoner from the camp of verus.
this will be followed by a grand moral                          battle-ax engagement!
between the renowned valerian (with one hand tied behind him,) and twogigantic savages from britain.
after which the renowned valerian (if he survive,) will fight with thebroad-sword,                               left handed!
against six sophomores and a freshman from the gladiatorial college!
a long series of brilliant engagements will follow, in which the finesttalent of the empire will take partafter which the celebrated infant prodigy known as                          "the young achilles,"will engage four tiger whelps in combat, armed with no other weapon thanhis little spear!
the whole to conclude with a chaste and elegant                            general slaughter!
in which thirteen african lions and twenty-two barbarian prisoners willwar with each other until all are exterminated.
box office now open.
dress circle one dollar; children and servants half price.
an efficient police force will be on hand to preserve order and keep thewild beasts from leaping the railings and discommoding the audience.
doors open at 7; performance begins at 8.positively no free list.
diodorus job press.
it was as singular as it was gratifying that i was also so fortunate asto find among the rubbish of the arena, a stained and mutilated copy ofthe roman daily battle-ax, containing a critique upon this veryperformance.
it comes to hand too late by many centuries to rank asnews, and therefore i translate and publish it simply to show how verylittle the general style and phraseology of dramatic criticism hasaltered in the ages that have dragged their slow length along since thecarriers laid this one damp and fresh before their roman patrons:     "the opening season.--coliseum.--notwithstanding the inclemency of     the weather, quite a respectable number of the rank and fashion of     the city assembled last night to witness the debut upon metropolitan     boards of the young tragedian who has of late been winning such     golden opinions in the amphitheatres of the provinces.
some sixty     thousand persons were present, and but for the fact that the streets     were almost impassable, it is fair to presume that the house would     have been full.
his august majesty, the emperor aurelius, occupied     the imperial box, and was the cynosure of all eyes.
many     illustrious nobles and generals of the empire graced the occasion     with their presence, and not the least among them was the young     patrician lieutenant whose laurels, won in the ranks of the     "thundering legion," are still so green upon his brow.
the cheer     which greeted his entrance was heard beyond the tiber!
"the late repairs and decorations add both to the comeliness and the     comfort of the coliseum.
the new cushions are a great improvement     upon the hard marble seats we have been so long accustomed to.
the     present management deserve well of the public.
they have restored     to the coliseum the gilding, the rich upholstery and the uniform     magnificence which old coliseum frequenters tell us rome was so     proud of fifty years ago.
"the opening scene last night--the broadsword combat between two     young amateurs and a famous parthian gladiator who was sent here a     prisoner--was very fine.
the elder of the two young gentlemen     handled his weapon with a grace that marked the possession of     extraordinary talent.
his feint of thrusting, followed instantly by     a happily delivered blow which unhelmeted the parthian, was received     with hearty applause.
he was not thoroughly up in the backhanded     stroke, but it was very gratifying to his numerous friends to know     that, in time, practice would have overcome this defect.
however,     he was killed.
his sisters, who were present, expressed     considerable regret.
his mother left the coliseum.
the other youth     maintained the contest with such spirit as to call forth     enthusiastic bursts of applause.
when at last he fell a corpse, his     aged mother ran screaming, with hair disheveled and tears streaming     from her eyes, and swooned away just as her hands were clutching at     the railings of the arena.
she was promptly removed by the police.
under the circumstances the woman's conduct was pardonable, perhaps,     but we suggest that such exhibitions interfere with the decorum     which should be preserved during the performances, and are highly     improper in the presence of the emperor.
the parthian prisoner     fought bravely and well; and well he might, for he was fighting for     both life and liberty.
his wife and children were there to nerve     his arm with their love, and to remind him of the old home he should     see again if he conquered.
when his second assailant fell, the     woman clasped her children to her breast and wept for joy.
but it     was only a transient happiness.
the captive staggered toward her     and she saw that the liberty he had earned was earned too late.
he     was wounded unto death.
thus the first act closed in a manner which     was entirely satisfactory.
the manager was called before the     curtain and returned his thanks for the honor done him, in a speech     which was replete with wit and humor, and closed by hoping that his     humble efforts to afford cheerful and instructive entertainment     would continue to meet with the approbation of the roman public     "the star now appeared, and was received with vociferous applause     and the simultaneous waving of sixty thousand handkerchiefs.
marcus     marcellus valerian (stage name--his real name is smith,) is a     splendid specimen of physical development, and an artist of rare     merit.
his management of the battle-ax is wonderful.
his gayety     and his playfulness are irresistible, in his comic parts, and yet     they are inferior to his sublime conceptions in the grave realm of     tragedy.
when his ax was describing fiery circles about the heads     of the bewildered barbarians, in exact time with his springing body     and his prancing legs, the audience gave way to uncontrollable     bursts of laughter; but when the back of his weapon broke the skull     of one and almost in the same instant its edge clove the other's     body in twain, the howl of enthusiastic applause that shook the     building, was the acknowledgment of a critical assemblage that he     was a master of the noblest department of his profession.
if he has     a fault, (and we are sorry to even intimate that he has,) it is that     of glancing at the audience, in the midst of the most exciting     moments of the performance, as if seeking admiration.
the pausing     in a fight to bow when bouquets are thrown to him is also in bad     taste.
in the great left-handed combat he appeared to be looking at     the audience half the time, instead of carving his adversaries; and     when he had slain all the sophomores and was dallying with the     freshman, he stooped and snatched a bouquet as it fell, and offered     it to his adversary at a time when a blow was descending which     promised favorably to be his death-warrant.
such levity is proper     enough in the provinces, we make no doubt, but it ill suits the     dignity of the metropolis.
we trust our young friend will take     these remarks in good part, for we mean them solely for his benefit.
all who know us are aware that although we are at times justly     severe upon tigers and martyrs, we never intentionally offend     gladiators.
"the infant prodigy performed wonders.
he overcame his four tiger     whelps with ease, and with no other hurt than the loss of a portion     of his scalp.
the general slaughter was rendered with a     faithfulness to details which reflects the highest credit upon the     late participants in it.
"upon the whole, last night's performances shed honor not only upon     the management but upon the city that encourages and sustains such     wholesome and instructive entertainments.
we would simply suggest     that the practice of vulgar young boys in the gallery of shying     peanuts and paper pellets at the tigers, and saying "hi-yi!"
and     manifesting approbation or dissatisfaction by such observations as     "bully for the lion!"
"go it, gladdy!"
"take     a walk round the block!"
and so on, are extremely reprehensible,     when the emperor is present, and ought to be stopped by the police.
several times last night, when the supernumeraries entered the arena     to drag out the bodies, the young ruffians in the gallery shouted,     "supe!
and also, "oh, what a coat!"
and "why don't you pad     them shanks?"
and made use of various other remarks expressive of     derision.
these things are very annoying to the audience.
"a matinee for the little folks is promised for this afternoon, on     which occasion several martyrs will be eaten by the tigers.
the     regular performance will continue every night till further notice.
material change of programme every evening.
benefit of valerian,     tuesday, 29th, if he lives."
i have been a dramatic critic myself, in my time, and i was oftensurprised to notice how much more i knew about hamlet than forrest did;and it gratifies me to observe, now, how much better my brethren ofancient times knew how a broad sword battle ought to be fought than thegladiators.
so far, good.
if any man has a right to feel proud of himself, andsatisfied, surely it is i.  for i have written about the coliseum, andthe gladiators, the martyrs, and the lions, and yet have never once usedthe phrase "butchered to make a roman holiday."
i am the only free whiteman of mature age, who has accomplished this since byron originated theexpression.
butchered to make a roman holiday sounds well for the first seventeen oreighteen hundred thousand times one sees it in print, but after that itbegins to grow tiresome.
i find it in all the books concerning rome--andhere latterly it reminds me of judge oliver.
oliver was a young lawyer,fresh from the schools, who had gone out to the deserts of nevada tobegin life.
he found that country, and our ways of life, there, in thoseearly days, different from life in new england or paris.
but he put on awoollen shirt and strapped a navy revolver to his person, took to thebacon and beans of the country, and determined to do in nevada as nevadadid.
oliver accepted the situation so completely that although he musthave sorrowed over many of his trials, he never complained--that is, henever complained but once.
he, two others, and myself, started to thenew silver mines in the humboldt mountains--he to be probate judge ofhumboldt county, and we to mine.
the distance was two hundred miles.
itwas dead of winter.
we bought a two-horse wagon and put eighteen hundredpounds of bacon, flour, beans, blasting-powder, picks and shovels in it;we bought two sorry-looking mexican "plugs," with the hair turned thewrong way and more corners on their bodies than there are on the mosqueof omar; we hitched up and started.
it was a dreadful trip.
but oliverdid not complain.
the horses dragged the wagon two miles from town andthen gave out.
then we three pushed the wagon seven miles, and olivermoved ahead and pulled the horses after him by the bits.
we complained,but oliver did not.
the ground was frozen, and it froze our backs whilewe slept; the wind swept across our faces and froze our noses.
oliverdid not complain.
five days of pushing the wagon by day and freezing bynight brought us to the bad part of the journey--the forty mile desert,or the great american desert, if you please.
still, thismildest-mannered man that ever was, had not complained.
we started acrossat eight in the morning, pushing through sand that had no bottom; toilingall day long by the wrecks of a thousand wagons, the skeletons of tenthousand oxen; by wagon-tires enough to hoop the washington monument tothe top, and ox-chains enough to girdle long island; by human graves;with our throats parched always, with thirst; lips bleeding from thealkali dust; hungry, perspiring, and very, very weary--so weary that whenwe dropped in the sand every fifty yards to rest the horses, we couldhardly keep from going to sleep--no complaints from oliver: none the nextmorning at three o'clock, when we got across, tired to death.
awakened two or three nights afterward at midnight, in a narrow canon, bythe snow falling on our faces, and appalled at the imminent danger ofbeing "snowed in," we harnessed up and pushed on till eight in themorning, passed the "divide" and knew we were saved.
fifteen days of hardship and fatigue brought us to the end of the twohundred miles, and the judge had not complained.
we wondered if anything could exasperate him.
we built a humboldt house.
it is done inthis way.
you dig a square in the steep base of the mountain, and set uptwo uprights and top them with two joists.
then you stretch a greatsheet of "cotton domestic" from the point where the joists join thehill-side down over the joists to the ground; this makes the roof and thefront of the mansion; the sides and back are the dirt walls your digginghas left.
a chimney is easily made by turning up one corner of the roof.
oliver was sitting alone in this dismal den, one night, by a sage-brushfire, writing poetry; he was very fond of digging poetry out of himself--or blasting it out when it came hard.
he heard an animal's footstepsclose to the roof; a stone or two and some dirt came through and fell byhim.
he grew uneasy and said "hi!--clear out from there, can't you!"
--from time to time.
but by and by he fell asleep where he sat, and prettysoon a mule fell down the chimney!
the fire flew in every direction, andoliver went over backwards.
about ten nights after that, he recoveredconfidence enough to go to writing poetry again.
again he dozed off tosleep, and again a mule fell down the chimney.
this time, about half ofthat side of the house came in with the mule.
struggling to get up, themule kicked the candle out and smashed most of the kitchen furniture, andraised considerable dust.
these violent awakenings must have beenannoying to oliver, but he never complained.
he moved to a mansion onthe opposite side of the canon, because he had noticed the mules did notgo there.
one night about eight o'clock he was endeavoring to finish hispoem, when a stone rolled in--then a hoof appeared below the canvas--thenpart of a cow--the after part.
he leaned back in dread, and shouted"hooy!
get out of this!"
and the cow struggled manfully--lostground steadily--dirt and dust streamed down, and before oliver could getwell away, the entire cow crashed through on to the table and made ashapeless wreck of every thing!
then, for the first time in his life, i think, oliver complained.
hesaid,"this thing is growing monotonous!"
then he resigned his judgeship and left humboldt county.
"butchered tomake a roman holyday" has grown monotonous to me.
in this connection i wish to say one word about michael angelobuonarotti.
i used to worship the mighty genius of michael angelo--thatman who was great in poetry, painting, sculpture, architecture--great inevery thing he undertook.
but i do not want michael angelo forbreakfast--for luncheon--for dinner--for tea--for supper--for betweenmeals.
i like a change, occasionally.
in genoa, he designed everything; in milan he or his pupils designed every thing; he designed thelake of como; in padua, verona, venice, bologna, who did we ever hear of,from guides, but michael angelo?
in florence, he painted every thing,designed every thing, nearly, and what he did not design he used to siton a favorite stone and look at, and they showed us the stone.
in pisahe designed every thing but the old shot-tower, and they would haveattributed that to him if it had not been so awfully out of theperpendicular.
he designed the piers of leghorn and the custom houseregulations of civita vecchia.
but, here--here it is frightful.
hedesigned st. peter's; he designed the pope; he designed the pantheon, theuniform of the pope's soldiers, the tiber, the vatican, the coliseum, thecapitol, the tarpeian rock, the barberini palace, st. john lateran, thecampagna, the appian way, the seven hills, the baths of caracalla, theclaudian aqueduct, the cloaca maxima--the eternal bore designed theeternal city, and unless all men and books do lie, he painted every thingin it!
dan said the other day to the guide, "enough, enough, enough!
say no more!
lump the whole thing!
say that the creator made italy fromdesigns by michael angelo!"
i never felt so fervently thankful, so soothed, so tranquil, so filledwith a blessed peace, as i did yesterday when i learned that michaelangelo was dead.
but we have taken it out of this guide.
he has marched us through milesof pictures and sculpture in the vast corridors of the vatican; andthrough miles of pictures and sculpture in twenty other palaces; he hasshown us the great picture in the sistine chapel, and frescoes enough tofrescoe the heavens--pretty much all done by michael angelo.
so with himwe have played that game which has vanquished so many guides for us--imbecility and idiotic questions.
these creatures never suspect--theyhave no idea of a sarcasm.
he shows us a figure and says: "statoo brunzo."
we look at it indifferently and the doctor asks: "by michael angelo?"
"no--not know who."
then he shows us the ancient roman forum.
the doctor asks: "michaelangelo?"
a stare from the guide.
"no--thousan' year before he is born."
then an egyptian obelisk.
again: "michael angelo?"
"oh, mon dieu, genteelmen!
zis is two thousan' year before he is born!"
he grows so tired of that unceasing question sometimes, that he dreads toshow us any thing at all.
the wretch has tried all the ways he can thinkof to make us comprehend that michael angelo is only responsible for thecreation of a part of the world, but somehow he has not succeeded yet.
relief for overtasked eyes and brain from study and sightseeing isnecessary, or we shall become idiotic sure enough.
therefore this guidemust continue to suffer.
if he does not enjoy it, so much the worse forhim.
in this place i may as well jot down a chapter concerning those necessarynuisances, european guides.
many a man has wished in his heart he coulddo without his guide; but knowing he could not, has wished he could getsome amusement out of him as a remuneration for the affliction of hissociety.
we accomplished this latter matter, and if our experience canbe made useful to others they are welcome to it.
guides know about enough english to tangle every thing up so that a mancan make neither head or tail of it.
they know their story by heart--thehistory of every statue, painting, cathedral or other wonder they showyou.
they know it and tell it as a parrot would--and if you interrupt,and throw them off the track, they have to go back and begin over again.
all their lives long, they are employed in showing strange things toforeigners and listening to their bursts of admiration.
it is humannature to take delight in exciting admiration.
it is what promptschildren to say "smart" things, and do absurd ones, and in other ways"show off" when company is present.
it is what makes gossips turn out inrain and storm to go and be the first to tell a startling bit of news.
think, then, what a passion it becomes with a guide, whose privilege itis, every day, to show to strangers wonders that throw them into perfectecstasies of admiration!
he gets so that he could not by any possibilitylive in a soberer atmosphere.
after we discovered this, we never wentinto ecstasies any more--we never admired any thing--we never showed anybut impassible faces and stupid indifference in the presence of thesublimest wonders a guide had to display.
we had found their weak point.
we have made good use of it ever since.
we have made some of thosepeople savage, at times, but we have never lost our own serenity.
the doctor asks the questions, generally, because he can keep hiscountenance, and look more like an inspired idiot, and throw moreimbecility into the tone of his voice than any man that lives.
it comesnatural to him.
the guides in genoa are delighted to secure an american party, becauseamericans so much wonder, and deal so much in sentiment and emotionbefore any relic of columbus.
our guide there fidgeted about as if hehad swallowed a spring mattress.
he was full of animation--full ofimpatience.
he said:"come wis me, genteelmen!--come!
i show you ze letter writing bychristopher colombo!--write it himself!--write it wis his own hand!
he took us to the municipal palace.
after much impressive fumbling ofkeys and opening of locks, the stained and aged document was spreadbefore us.
the guide's eyes sparkled.
he danced about us and tapped theparchment with his finger:"what i tell you, genteelmen!
is it not so?
handwritingchristopher colombo!--write it himself!"
we looked indifferent--unconcerned.
the doctor examined the documentvery deliberately, during a painful pause.--then he said, without anyshow of interest:"ah--ferguson--what--what did you say was the name of the party who wrotethis?"
ze great christopher colombo!"
another deliberate examination.
"ah--did he write it himself; or--or how?"
"he write it himself!--christopher colombo!
he's own hand-writing, writeby himself!"
then the doctor laid the document down and said:"why, i have seen boys in america only fourteen years old that couldwrite better than that."
"but zis is ze great christo--""i don't care who it is!
it's the worst writing i ever saw.
now youmusn't think you can impose on us because we are strangers.
we are notfools, by a good deal.
if you have got any specimens of penmanship ofreal merit, trot them out!--and if you haven't, drive on!"
we drove on.
the guide was considerably shaken up, but he made one moreventure.
he had something which he thought would overcome us.
he said:"ah, genteelmen, you come wis me!
i show you beautiful, o, magnificentbust christopher colombo!--splendid, grand, magnificent!"
he brought us before the beautiful bust--for it was beautiful--and sprangback and struck an attitude:"ah, look, genteelmen!--beautiful, grand,--bust christopher colombo!
--beautiful bust, beautiful pedestal!"
the doctor put up his eye-glass--procured for such occasions:"ah--what did you say this gentleman's name was?"
"christopher colombo!--ze great christopher colombo!"
"christopher colombo--the great christopher colombo.
well, what did hedo?"
"discover america!--discover america, oh, ze devil!"
no--that statement will hardly wash.  we are justfrom america ourselves.
we heard nothing about it.
christopher colombo--pleasant name--is--is he dead?"
"oh, corpo di baccho!--three hundred year!"
"what did he die of?"
"i do not know!--i can not tell."
"i do not know, genteelmen!--i do not know what he die of!"
"may be--may be--i do not know--i think he die of somethings."
"ah--which is the bust and which is the pedestal?"
"santa maria!--zis ze bust!--zis ze pedestal!"
"ah, i see, i see--happy combination--very happy combination, indeed.
is--is this the first time this gentleman was ever on a bust?"
that joke was lost on the foreigner--guides can not master the subtletiesof the american joke.
we have made it interesting for this roman guide.
yesterday we spentthree or four hours in the vatican, again, that wonderful world ofcuriosities.
we came very near expressing interest, sometimes--evenadmiration--it was very hard to keep from it.
we succeeded though.
nobody else ever did, in the vatican museums.
the guide was bewildered--non-plussed.
he walked his legs off, nearly, hunting up extraordinarythings, and exhausted all his ingenuity on us, but it was a failure; wenever showed any interest in any thing.
he had reserved what heconsidered to be his greatest wonder till the last--a royal egyptianmummy, the best preserved in the world, perhaps.
he took us there.
hefelt so sure, this time, that some of his old enthusiasm came back tohim:"see, genteelmen!--mummy!
the eye-glass came up as calmly, as deliberately as ever.
"ah,--ferguson--what did i understand you to say the gentleman's namewas?"
"name?--he got no name!--mummy!--'gyptian mummy!"
"ah, just so.
frenchman, i presume?"
"no!--not frenchman, not roman!--born in egypta!"
"born in egypta.
never heard of egypta before.
how calm he is--how self-possessed.
is, ah--ishe dead?"
"oh, sacre bleu, been dead three thousan' year!"
the doctor turned on him savagely:"here, now, what do you mean by such conduct as this!
playing us forchinamen because we are strangers and trying to learn!
trying to imposeyour vile second-hand carcasses on us!--thunder and lightning, i've anotion to--to--if you've got a nice fresh corpse, fetch him out!--or bygeorge we'll brain you!"
we make it exceedingly interesting for this frenchman.
however, he haspaid us back, partly, without knowing it.
he came to the hotel thismorning to ask if we were up, and he endeavored as well as he could todescribe us, so that the landlord would know which persons he meant.
hefinished with the casual remark that we were lunatics.
the observationwas so innocent and so honest that it amounted to a very good thing for aguide to say.
there is one remark (already mentioned,) which never yet has failed todisgust these guides.
we use it always, when we can think of nothingelse to say.
after they have exhausted their enthusiasm pointing outto us and praising the beauties of some ancient bronze image orbroken-legged statue, we look at it stupidly and in silence for five,ten, fifteen minutes--as long as we can hold out, in fact--and then ask:"is--is he dead?"
that conquers the serenest of them.
it is not what they are looking for--especially a new guide.
our roman ferguson is the most patient,unsuspecting, long-suffering subject we have had yet.
we shall be sorryto part with him.
we have enjoyed his society very much.
we trust hehas enjoyed ours, but we are harassed with doubts.
we have been in the catacombs.
it was like going down into a very deepcellar, only it was a cellar which had no end to it.
the narrow passagesare roughly hewn in the rock, and on each hand as you pass along, thehollowed shelves are carved out, from three to fourteen deep; each held acorpse once.
there are names, and christian symbols, and prayers, orsentences expressive of christian hopes, carved upon nearly everysarcophagus.
the dates belong away back in the dawn of the christianera, of course.
here, in these holes in the ground, the first christianssometimes burrowed to escape persecution.
they crawled out at night toget food, but remained under cover in the day time.
the priest told usthat st. sebastian lived under ground for some time while he was beinghunted; he went out one day, and the soldiery discovered and shot him todeath with arrows.
five or six of the early popes--those who reignedabout sixteen hundred years ago--held their papal courts and advised withtheir clergy in the bowels of the earth.
during seventeen years--froma.d. 235 to a.d. 252--the popes did not appear above ground.
four wereraised to the great office during that period.
four years apiece, orthereabouts.
it is very suggestive of the unhealthiness of undergroundgraveyards as places of residence.
one pope afterward spent his entirepontificate in the catacombs--eight years.
another was discovered inthem and murdered in the episcopal chair.
there was no satisfaction inbeing a pope in those days.
there were too many annoyances.
there areone hundred and sixty catacombs under rome, each with its maze of narrowpassages crossing and recrossing each other and each passage walled tothe top with scooped graves its entire length.
a careful estimate makesthe length of the passages of all the catacombs combined foot up ninehundred miles, and their graves number seven millions.
we did not gothrough all the passages of all the catacombs.
we were very anxious todo it, and made the necessary arrangements, but our too limited timeobliged us to give up the idea.
so we only groped through the dismallabyrinth of st. callixtus, under the church of st. sebastian.
in thevarious catacombs are small chapels rudely hewn in the stones, and herethe early christians often held their religious services by dim, ghostlylights.
think of mass and a sermon away down in those tangled cavernsunder ground!
in the catacombs were buried st. cecilia, st. agnes, and several other ofthe most celebrated of the saints.
in the catacomb of st. callixtus, st.bridget used to remain long hours in holy contemplation, and st. charlesborromeo was wont to spend whole nights in prayer there.
it was also thescene of a very marvelous thing.
"here the heart of st. philip neri was so inflamed with divine love     as to burst his ribs."
i find that grave statement in a book published in new york in 1808, andwritten by "rev.
william h. neligan, ll.d., m. a., trinity college,dublin; member of the archaeological society of great britain."
therefore, i believe it.
otherwise, i could not.
under othercircumstances i should have felt a curiosity to know what philip had fordinner.
this author puts my credulity on its mettle every now and then.
he tellsof one st. joseph calasanctius whose house in rome he visited; he visitedonly the house--the priest has been dead two hundred years.
he says thevirgin mary appeared to this saint.
then he continues:     "his tongue and his heart, which were found after nearly a century     to be whole, when the body was disinterred before his canonization,     are still preserved in a glass case, and after two centuries the     heart is still whole.
when the french troops came to rome, and when     pius vii.
was carried away prisoner, blood dropped from it."
to read that in a book written by a monk far back in the middle ages,would surprise no one; it would sound natural and proper; but when it isseriously stated in the middle of the nineteenth century, by a man offinished education, an ll.d., m. a., and an archaeological magnate, itsounds strangely enough.
still, i would gladly change my unbelief forneligan's faith, and let him make the conditions as hard as he pleased.
the old gentleman's undoubting, unquestioning simplicity has a rarefreshness about it in these matter-of-fact railroading and telegraphingdays.
hear him, concerning the church of ara coeli:     "in the roof of the church, directly above the high altar, is     engraved, 'regina coeli laetare alleluia.'
in the sixth century     rome was visited by a fearful pestilence.
gregory the great urged     the people to do penance, and a general procession was formed.
it     was to proceed from ara coeli to st. peter's.
as it passed before     the mole of adrian, now the castle of st. angelo, the sound of     heavenly voices was heard singing (it was easter morn,) 'regina     coeli, laetare!
quia quem meruisti portare, alleluia!
resurrexit sicut dixit; alleluia!'
the pontiff, carrying in his     hands the portrait of the virgin, (which is over the high altar and     is said to have been painted by st. luke,) answered, with the     astonished people, 'ora pro nobis deum, alleluia!'
at the same time     an angel was seen to put up a sword in a scabbard, and the     pestilence ceased on the same day.
there are four circumstances     which 'confirm'--[the italics are mine--m. t.]--this miracle: the     annual procession which takes place in the western church on the     feast of st mark; the statue of st. michael, placed on the mole of     adrian, which has since that time been called the castle of st.     angelo; the antiphon regina coeli which the catholic church sings     during paschal time; and the inscription in the church."
from the sanguinary sports of the holy inquisition; the slaughter of thecoliseum; and the dismal tombs of the catacombs, i naturally pass to thepicturesque horrors of the capuchin convent.
we stopped a moment in asmall chapel in the church to admire a picture of st. michael vanquishingsatan--a picture which is so beautiful that i can not but think itbelongs to the reviled "renaissance," notwithstanding i believe they toldus one of the ancient old masters painted it--and then we descended intothe vast vault underneath.
here was a spectacle for sensitive nerves!
evidently the old masters hadbeen at work in this place.
there were six divisions in the apartment,and each division was ornamented with a style of decoration peculiar toitself--and these decorations were in every instance formed of humanbones!
there were shapely arches, built wholly of thigh bones; therewere startling pyramids, built wholly of grinning skulls; there werequaint architectural structures of various kinds, built of shin bones andthe bones of the arm; on the wall were elaborate frescoes, whose curvingvines were made of knotted human vertebrae; whose delicate tendrils weremade of sinews and tendons; whose flowers were formed of knee-caps andtoe-nails.
every lasting portion of the human frame was represented inthese intricate designs (they were by michael angelo, i think,) and therewas a careful finish about the work, and an attention to details thatbetrayed the artist's love of his labors as well as his schooled ability.
i asked the good-natured monk who accompanied us, who did this?
and hesaid, "we did it"--meaning himself and his brethren up stairs.
i couldsee that the old friar took a high pride in his curious show.
we madehim talkative by exhibiting an interest we never betrayed to guides.
"who were these people?"
"we--up stairs--monks of the capuchin order--my brethren."
"how many departed monks were required to upholster these six parlors?"
"these are the bones of four thousand."
"it took a long time to get enough?"
"many, many centuries."
"their different parts are well separated--skulls in one room, legs inanother, ribs in another--there would be stirring times here for a whileif the last trump should blow.
some of the brethren might get hold ofthe wrong leg, in the confusion, and the wrong skull, and find themselveslimping, and looking through eyes that were wider apart or closertogether than they were used to.
you can not tell any of these partiesapart, i suppose?"
"oh, yes, i know many of them."
he put his finger on a skull.
"this was brother anselmo--dead threehundred years--a good man."
he touched another.
"this was brother alexander--dead two hundred andeighty years.
this was brother carlo--dead about as long."
then he took a skull and held it in his hand, and looked reflectivelyupon it, after the manner of the grave-digger when he discourses ofyorick.
"this," he said, "was brother thomas.
he was a young prince, the scionof a proud house that traced its lineage back to the grand old days ofrome well nigh two thousand years ago.
he loved beneath his estate.
hisfamily persecuted him; persecuted the girl, as well.
they drove her fromrome; he followed; he sought her far and wide; he found no trace of her.
he came back and offered his broken heart at our altar and his weary lifeto the service of god.
but look you.
shortly his father died, andlikewise his mother.
the girl returned, rejoicing.
she sought everywhere for him whose eyes had used to look tenderly into hers out of thispoor skull, but she could not find him.
at last, in this coarse garb wewear, she recognized him in the street.
he knew her.
it was too late.
he fell where he stood.
they took him up and brought him here.
he neverspoke afterward.
within the week he died.
you can see the color of hishair--faded, somewhat--by this thin shred that clings still to thetemple.
this, [taking up a thigh bone,] was his.
the veins of thisleaf in the decorations over your head, were his finger-joints, a hundredand fifty years ago."
this business-like way of illustrating a touching story of the heart bylaying the several fragments of the lover before us and naming them, wasas grotesque a performance, and as ghastly, as any i ever witnessed.
ihardly knew whether to smile or shudder.
there are nerves and muscles inour frames whose functions and whose methods of working it seems a sortof sacrilege to describe by cold physiological names and surgicaltechnicalities, and the monk's talk suggested to me something of thiskind.
fancy a surgeon, with his nippers lifting tendons, muscles andsuch things into view, out of the complex machinery of a corpse, andobserving, "now this little nerve quivers--the vibration is imparted tothis muscle--from here it is passed to this fibrous substance; here itsingredients are separated by the chemical action of the blood--one partgoes to the heart and thrills it with what is popularly termed emotion,another part follows this nerve to the brain and communicatesintelligence of a startling character--the third part glides along thispassage and touches the spring connected with the fluid receptacles thatlie in the rear of the eye.
thus, by this simple and beautiful process,the party is informed that his mother is dead, and he weeps."
i asked the monk if all the brethren up stairs expected to be put in thisplace when they died.
he answered quietly:"we must all lie here at last."
see what one can accustom himself to.--the reflection that he must someday be taken apart like an engine or a clock, or like a house whose owneris gone, and worked up into arches and pyramids and hideous frescoes, didnot distress this monk in the least.
i thought he even looked as if hewere thinking, with complacent vanity, that his own skull would look wellon top of the heap and his own ribs add a charm to the frescoes whichpossibly they lacked at present.
here and there, in ornamental alcoves, stretched upon beds of bones, laydead and dried-up monks, with lank frames dressed in the black robes onesees ordinarily upon priests.
we examined one closely.
the skinny handswere clasped upon the breast; two lustreless tufts of hair stuck to theskull; the skin was brown and sunken; it stretched tightly over the cheekbones and made them stand out sharply; the crisp dead eyes were deep inthe sockets; the nostrils were painfully prominent, the end of the nosebeing gone; the lips had shriveled away from the yellow teeth: andbrought down to us through the circling years, and petrified there, was aweird laugh a full century old!
it was the jolliest laugh, but yet the most dreadful, that one canimagine.
surely, i thought, it must have been a most extraordinary jokethis veteran produced with his latest breath, that he has not got donelaughing at it yet.
at this moment i saw that the old instinct wasstrong upon the boys, and i said we had better hurry to st. peter's.
they were trying to keep from asking, "is--is he dead?"
it makes me dizzy, to think of the vatican--of its wilderness of statues,paintings, and curiosities of every description and every age.
the "oldmasters" (especially in sculpture,) fairly swarm, there.
i can not writeabout the vatican.
i think i shall never remember any thing i saw theredistinctly but the mummies, and the transfiguration, by raphael, and someother things it is not necessary to mention now.
i shall remember thetransfiguration partly because it was placed in a room almost by itself;partly because it is acknowledged by all to be the first oil painting inthe world; and partly because it was wonderfully beautiful.
the colorsare fresh and rich, the "expression," i am told, is fine, the "feeling"is lively, the "tone" is good, the "depth" is profound, and the width isabout four and a half feet, i should judge.
it is a picture that reallyholds one's attention; its beauty is fascinating.
it is fine enough tobe a renaissance.
a remark i made a while ago suggests a thought--and ahope.
is it not possible that the reason i find such charms in thispicture is because it is out of the crazy chaos of the galleries?
ifsome of the others were set apart, might not they be beautiful?
if thiswere set in the midst of the tempest of pictures one finds in the vastgalleries of the roman palaces, would i think it so handsome?
if, up tothis time, i had seen only one "old master" in each palace, instead ofacres and acres of walls and ceilings fairly papered with them, might inot have a more civilized opinion of the old masters than i have now?
when i was a school-boy and was to have a new knife, i couldnot make up my mind as to which was the prettiest in the show-case, and idid not think any of them were particularly pretty; and so i chose with aheavy heart.
but when i looked at my purchase, at home, where noglittering blades came into competition with it, i was astonished to seehow handsome it was.
to this day my new hats look better out of the shopthan they did in it with other new hats.
it begins to dawn upon me, now,that possibly, what i have been taking for uniform ugliness in thegalleries may be uniform beauty after all.
i honestly hope it is, toothers, but certainly it is not to me.
perhaps the reason i used toenjoy going to the academy of fine arts in new york was because therewere but a few hundred paintings in it, and it did not surfeit me to gothrough the list.
i suppose the academy was bacon and beans in theforty-mile desert, and a european gallery is a state dinner of thirteencourses.
one leaves no sign after him of the one dish, but the thirteenfrighten away his appetite and give him no satisfaction.
there is one thing i am certain of, though.
with all the michaelangelos, the raphaels, the guidos and the other old masters, the sublimehistory of rome remains unpainted!
they painted virgins enough, andpopes enough and saintly scarecrows enough, to people paradise, almost,and these things are all they did paint.
"nero fiddling o'er burningrome," the assassination of caesar, the stirring spectacle of a hundredthousand people bending forward with rapt interest, in the coliseum, tosee two skillful gladiators hacking away each others' lives, a tigerspringing upon a kneeling martyr--these and a thousand other matterswhich we read of with a living interest, must be sought for only inbooks--not among the rubbish left by the old masters--who are no more, ihave the satisfaction of informing the public.
they did paint, and they did carve in marble, one historical scene, andone only, (of any great historical consequence.)
and what was it and whydid they choose it, particularly?
it was the rape of the sabines, andthey chose it for the legs and busts.
i like to look at statues, however, and i like to look at pictures, also--even of monks looking up in sacred ecstacy, and monks looking down inmeditation, and monks skirmishing for something to eat--and therefore idrop ill nature to thank the papal government for so jealously guardingand so industriously gathering up these things; and for permitting me, astranger and not an entirely friendly one, to roam at will and unmolestedamong them, charging me nothing, and only requiring that i shall behavemyself simply as well as i ought to behave in any other man's house.
ithank the holy father right heartily, and i wish him long life and plentyof happiness.
the popes have long been the patrons and preservers of art, just as ournew, practical republic is the encourager and upholder of mechanics.
intheir vatican is stored up all that is curious and beautiful in art; inour patent office is hoarded all that is curious or useful in mechanics.
when a man invents a new style of horse-collar or discovers a new andsuperior method of telegraphing, our government issues a patent to himthat is worth a fortune; when a man digs up an ancient statue in thecampagna, the pope gives him a fortune in gold coin.
we can makesomething of a guess at a man's character by the style of nose he carrieson his face.
the vatican and the patent office are governmental noses,and they bear a deal of character about them.
the guide showed us a colossal statue of jupiter, in the vatican, whichhe said looked so damaged and rusty--so like the god of the vagabonds--because it had but recently been dug up in the campagna.
he asked howmuch we supposed this jupiter was worth?
i replied, with intelligentpromptness, that he was probably worth about four dollars--may be fourand a half.
"a hundred thousand dollars!"
fergusonsaid, further, that the pope permits no ancient work of this kind toleave his dominions.
he appoints a commission to examine discoverieslike this and report upon the value; then the pope pays the discovererone-half of that assessed value and takes the statue.
he said thisjupiter was dug from a field which had just been bought for thirty-sixthousand dollars, so the first crop was a good one for the new farmer.
i do not know whether ferguson always tells the truth or not, but isuppose he does.
i know that an exorbitant export duty is exacted uponall pictures painted by the old masters, in order to discourage the saleof those in the private collections.
i am satisfied, also, that genuineold masters hardly exist at all, in america, because the cheapest andmost insignificant of them are valued at the price of a fine farm.
iproposed to buy a small trifle of a raphael, myself, but the price of itwas eighty thousand dollars, the export duty would have made itconsiderably over a hundred, and so i studied on it awhile and concludednot to take it.
i wish here to mention an inscription i have seen, before i forget it:"glory to god in the highest, peace on earth to men of good will!"
it isnot good scripture, but it is sound catholic and human nature.
this is in letters of gold around the apsis of a mosaic group at the sideof the 'scala santa', church of st. john lateran, the mother and mistressof all the catholic churches of the world.
the group represents thesaviour, st. peter, pope leo, st. silvester, constantine and charlemagne.
peter is giving the pallium to the pope, and a standard to charlemagne.
the saviour is giving the keys to st. silvester, and a standard toconstantine.
no prayer is offered to the saviour, who seems to be oflittle importance any where in rome; but an inscription below says,"blessed peter, give life to pope leo and victory to king charles."
itdoes not say, "intercede for us, through the saviour, with the father,for this boon," but "blessed peter, give it us."
in all seriousness--without meaning to be frivolous--without meaning tobe irreverent, and more than all, without meaning to be blasphemous,--istate as my simple deduction from the things i have seen and the things ihave heard, that the holy personages rank thus in rome:first--"the mother of god"--otherwise the virgin mary.
fourth--some twelve or fifteen canonized popes and martyrs.
fifth--jesus christ the saviour--(but always as an infant in arms.)
i may be wrong in this--my judgment errs often, just as is the case withother men's--but it is my judgment, be it good or bad.
just here i will mention something that seems curious to me.
there areno "christ's churches" in rome, and no "churches of the holy ghost," thati can discover.
there are some four hundred churches, but about a fourthof them seem to be named for the madonna and st. peter.
there are somany named for mary that they have to be distinguished by all sorts ofaffixes, if i understand the matter rightly.
then we have churches ofst. louis; st. augustine; st. agnes; st. calixtus; st. lorenzo in lucina;st. lorenzo in damaso; st. cecilia; st. athanasius; st. philip neri; st.catherine, st. dominico, and a multitude of lesser saints whose names arenot familiar in the world--and away down, clear out of the list of thechurches, comes a couple of hospitals: one of them is named for thesaviour and the other for the holy ghost!
day after day and night after night we have wandered among the crumblingwonders of rome; day after day and night after night we have fed upon thedust and decay of five-and-twenty centuries--have brooded over them byday and dreampt of them by night till sometimes we seemed moldering awayourselves, and growing defaced and cornerless, and liable at any momentto fall a prey to some antiquary and be patched in the legs, and"restored" with an unseemly nose, and labeled wrong and dated wrong, andset up in the vatican for poets to drivel about and vandals to scribbletheir names on forever and forevermore.
but the surest way to stop writing about rome is to stop.
i wished towrite a real "guide-book" chapter on this fascinating city, but i couldnot do it, because i have felt all the time like a boy in a candy-shop--there was every thing to choose from, and yet no choice.
i have driftedalong hopelessly for a hundred pages of manuscript without knowing whereto commence.
i will not commence at all.
our passports have beenexamined.
we will go to naples.
the ship is lying here in the harbor of naples--quarantined.
she hasbeen here several days and will remain several more.
we that came byrail from rome have escaped this misfortune.
of course no one is allowedto go on board the ship, or come ashore from her.
she is a prison, now.
the passengers probably spend the long, blazing days looking out fromunder the awnings at vesuvius and the beautiful city--and in swearing.
think of ten days of this sort of pastime!--we go out every day in a boatand request them to come ashore.
it soothes them.
we lie ten steps fromthe ship and tell them how splendid the city is; and how much better thehotel fare is here than any where else in europe; and how cool it is; andwhat frozen continents of ice cream there are; and what a time we arehaving cavorting about the country and sailing to the islands in the bay.
this tranquilizes them.
ascent of vesuvius.
i shall remember our trip to vesuvius for many a day--partly because ofits sight-seeing experiences, but chiefly on account of the fatigue ofthe journey.
two or three of us had been resting ourselves among thetranquil and beautiful scenery of the island of ischia, eighteen milesout in the harbor, for two days; we called it "resting," but i do notremember now what the resting consisted of, for when we got back tonaples we had not slept for forty-eight hours.
we were just about to goto bed early in the evening, and catch up on some of the sleep we hadlost, when we heard of this vesuvius expedition.
there was to be eightof us in the party, and we were to leave naples at midnight.
we laid insome provisions for the trip, engaged carriages to take us toannunciation, and then moved about the city, to keep awake, till twelve.
we got away punctually, and in the course of an hour and a half arrivedat the town of annunciation.
annunciation is the very last place underthe sun.
in other towns in italy the people lie around quietly and waitfor you to ask them a question or do some overt act that can be chargedfor--but in annunciation they have lost even that fragment of delicacy;they seize a lady's shawl from a chair and hand it to her and charge apenny; they open a carriage door, and charge for it--shut it when you getout, and charge for it; they help you to take off a duster--two cents;brush your clothes and make them worse than they were before--two cents;smile upon you--two cents; bow, with a lick-spittle smirk, hat in hand--two cents; they volunteer all information, such as that the mules willarrive presently--two cents--warm day, sir--two cents--take you fourhours to make the ascent--two cents.
and so they go.
they crowd you--infest you--swarm about you, and sweat and smell offensively, and looksneaking and mean, and obsequious.
there is no office too degrading forthem to perform, for money.
i have had no opportunity to find out anything about the upper classes by my own observation, but from what i hearsaid about them i judge that what they lack in one or two of the badtraits the canaille have, they make up in one or two others that areworse.
how the people beg!--many of them very well dressed, too.
i said i knew nothing against the upper classes by personal observation.
i must recall it!
i had forgotten.
what i saw their bravest and theirfairest do last night, the lowest multitude that could be scraped up outof the purlieus of christendom would blush to do, i think.
theyassembled by hundreds, and even thousands, in the great theatre of sancarlo, to do--what?
why, simply, to make fun of an old woman--to deride,to hiss, to jeer at an actress they once worshipped, but whose beauty isfaded now and whose voice has lost its former richness.
every body spokeof the rare sport there was to be.
they said the theatre would becrammed, because frezzolini was going to sing.
it was said she could notsing well, now, but then the people liked to see her, anyhow.
and so wewent.
and every time the woman sang they hissed and laughed--the wholemagnificent house--and as soon as she left the stage they called her onagain with applause.
once or twice she was encored five and six times insuccession, and received with hisses when she appeared, and dischargedwith hisses and laughter when she had finished--then instantly encoredand insulted again!
and how the high-born knaves enjoyed it!
white-kidded gentlemen and ladies laughed till the tears came, andclapped their hands in very ecstacy when that unhappy old woman wouldcome meekly out for the sixth time, with uncomplaining patience, to meeta storm of hisses!
it was the cruelest exhibition--the most wanton, themost unfeeling.
the singer would have conquered an audience of americanrowdies by her brave, unflinching tranquillity (for she answered encoreafter encore, and smiled and bowed pleasantly, and sang the best shepossibly could, and went bowing off, through all the jeers and hisses,without ever losing countenance or temper:) and surely in any other landthan italy her sex and her helplessness must have been an ampleprotection to her--she could have needed no other.
think what amultitude of small souls were crowded into that theatre last night.
ifthe manager could have filled his theatre with neapolitan souls alone,without the bodies, he could not have cleared less than ninety millionsof dollars.
what traits of character must a man have to enable him tohelp three thousand miscreants to hiss, and jeer, and laugh at onefriendless old woman, and shamefully humiliate her?
he must have allthe vile, mean traits there are.
my observation persuades me (i do notlike to venture beyond my own personal observation,) that the upperclasses of naples possess those traits of character.
otherwise they maybe very good people; i can not say.
ascent of vesuvius--continued.
in this city of naples, they believe in and support one of thewretchedest of all the religious impostures one can find in italy--themiraculous liquefaction of the blood of st. januarius.
twice a year thepriests assemble all the people at the cathedral, and get out this vialof clotted blood and let them see it slowly dissolve and become liquid--and every day for eight days, this dismal farce is repeated, while thepriests go among the crowd and collect money for the exhibition.
thefirst day, the blood liquefies in forty-seven minutes--the church iscrammed, then, and time must be allowed the collectors to get around:after that it liquefies a little quicker and a little quicker, every day,as the houses grow smaller, till on the eighth day, with only a fewdozens present to see the miracle, it liquefies in four minutes.
and here, also, they used to have a grand procession, of priests,citizens, soldiers, sailors, and the high dignitaries of the citygovernment, once a year, to shave the head of a made-up madonna--astuffed and painted image, like a milliner's dummy--whose hairmiraculously grew and restored itself every twelve months.
they stillkept up this shaving procession as late as four or five years ago.
itwas a source of great profit to the church that possessed the remarkableeffigy, and the ceremony of the public barbering of her was alwayscarried out with the greatest possible eclat and display--the more thebetter, because the more excitement there was about it the larger thecrowds it drew and the heavier the revenues it produced--but at last aday came when the pope and his servants were unpopular in naples, and thecity government stopped the madonna's annual show.
there we have two specimens of these neapolitans--two of the silliestpossible frauds, which half the population religiously and faithfullybelieved, and the other half either believed also or else said nothingabout, and thus lent themselves to the support of the imposture.
i amvery well satisfied to think the whole population believed in those poor,cheap miracles--a people who want two cents every time they bow to you,and who abuse a woman, are capable of it, i think.
ascent of vesuvius--continued.
these neapolitans always ask four times as much money as they intend totake, but if you give them what they first demand, they feel ashamed ofthemselves for aiming so low, and immediately ask more.
when money is tobe paid and received, there is always some vehement jawing andgesticulating about it.
one can not buy and pay for two cents' worth ofclams without trouble and a quarrel.
one "course," in a two-horsecarriage, costs a franc--that is law--but the hackman always demandsmore, on some pretence or other, and if he gets it he makes a new demand.
it is said that a stranger took a one-horse carriage for a course--tariff, half a franc.
he gave the man five francs, by way of experiment.
he demanded more, and received another franc.
again he demanded more,and got a franc--demanded more, and it was refused.
he grew vehement--was again refused, and became noisy.
the stranger said, "well, give methe seven francs again, and i will see what i can do"--and when he gotthem, he handed the hackman half a franc, and he immediately asked fortwo cents to buy a drink with.
it may be thought that i am prejudiced.
perhaps i am.
i would be ashamed of myself if i were not.
ascent of vesuvius--continued.
well, as i was saying, we got our mules and horses, after an hour and ahalf of bargaining with the population of annunciation, and startedsleepily up the mountain, with a vagrant at each mule's tail whopretended to be driving the brute along, but was really holding on andgetting himself dragged up instead.
i made slow headway at first, but ibegan to get dissatisfied at the idea of paying my minion five francs tohold my mule back by the tail and keep him from going up the hill, and soi discharged him.
i got along faster then.
we had one magnificent picture of naples from a high point on themountain side.
we saw nothing but the gas lamps, of course--two-thirdsof a circle, skirting the great bay--a necklace of diamonds glinting upthrough the darkness from the remote distance--less brilliant than thestars overhead, but more softly, richly beautiful--and over all the greatcity the lights crossed and recrossed each other in many and many asparkling line and curve.
and back of the town, far around and abroadover the miles of level campagna, were scattered rows, and circles, andclusters of lights, all glowing like so many gems, and marking where ascore of villages were sleeping.
about this time, the fellow who washanging on to the tail of the horse in front of me and practicing allsorts of unnecessary cruelty upon the animal, got kicked some fourteenrods, and this incident, together with the fairy spectacle of the lightsfar in the distance, made me serenely happy, and i was glad i started tovesuvius.
this subject will be excellent matter for a chapter, and tomorrow or nextday i will write it.
"see naples and die."
well, i do not know that one would necessarily dieafter merely seeing it, but to attempt to live there might turn out alittle differently.
to see naples as we saw it in the early dawn fromfar up on the side of vesuvius, is to see a picture of wonderful beauty.
at that distance its dingy buildings looked white--and so, rank on rankof balconies, windows and roofs, they piled themselves up from the blueocean till the colossal castle of st. elmo topped the grand white pyramidand gave the picture symmetry, emphasis and completeness.
and when itslilies turned to roses--when it blushed under the sun's first kiss--itwas beautiful beyond all description.
one might well say, then, "seenaples and die."
the frame of the picture was charming, itself.
infront, the smooth sea--a vast mosaic of many colors; the lofty islandsswimming in a dreamy haze in the distance; at our end of the city thestately double peak of vesuvius, and its strong black ribs and seams oflava stretching down to the limitless level campagna--a green carpet thatenchants the eye and leads it on and on, past clusters of trees, andisolated houses, and snowy villages, until it shreds out in a fringe ofmist and general vagueness far away.
it is from the hermitage, there onthe side of vesuvius, that one should "see naples and die."
but do not go within the walls and look at it in detail.
that takes awaysome of the romance of the thing.
the people are filthy in their habits,and this makes filthy streets and breeds disagreeable sights and smells.
there never was a community so prejudiced against the cholera as theseneapolitans are.
but they have good reason to be.
the cholera generallyvanquishes a neapolitan when it seizes him, because, you understand,before the doctor can dig through the dirt and get at the disease the mandies.
the upper classes take a sea-bath every day, and are prettydecent.
the streets are generally about wide enough for one wagon, and how theydo swarm with people!
it is broadway repeated in every street, in everycourt, in every alley!
such masses, such throngs, such multitudes ofhurrying, bustling, struggling humanity!
we never saw the like of it,hardly even in new york, i think.
there are seldom any sidewalks, andwhen there are, they are not often wide enough to pass a man on withoutcaroming on him.
so everybody walks in the street--and where the streetis wide enough, carriages are forever dashing along.
why a thousandpeople are not run over and crippled every day is a mystery that no mancan solve.
but if there is an eighth wonder in the world, it must be thedwelling-houses of naples.
i honestly believe a good majority of themare a hundred feet high!
and the solid brick walls are seven feetthrough.
you go up nine flights of stairs before you get to the "first"floor.
no, not nine, but there or thereabouts.
there is a littlebird-cage of an iron railing in front of every window clear away up, up,up, among the eternal clouds, where the roof is, and there is alwayssomebody looking out of every window--people of ordinary size lookingout from the first floor, people a shade smaller from the second, peoplethat look a little smaller yet from the third--and from thence upwardthey grow smaller and smaller by a regularly graduated diminution, tillthe folks in the topmost windows seem more like birds in an uncommonlytall martin-box than any thing else.
the perspective of one of thesenarrow cracks of streets, with its rows of tall houses stretching awaytill they come together in the distance like railway tracks; itsclothes-lines crossing over at all altitudes and waving their banneredraggedness over the swarms of people below; and the white-dressed womenperched in balcony railings all the way from the pavement up to theheavens--a perspective like that is really worth going into neapolitandetails to see.
ascent of vesuvius--continued.
naples, with its immediate suburbs, contains six hundred and twenty-fivethousand inhabitants, but i am satisfied it covers no more ground than anamerican city of one hundred and fifty thousand.
it reaches up into theair infinitely higher than three american cities, though, and there iswhere the secret of it lies.
i will observe here, in passing, that thecontrasts between opulence and poverty, and magnificence and misery, aremore frequent and more striking in naples than in paris even.
one mustgo to the bois de boulogne to see fashionable dressing, splendidequipages and stunning liveries, and to the faubourg st. antoine to seevice, misery, hunger, rags, dirt--but in the thoroughfares of naplesthese things are all mixed together.
naked boys of nine years and thefancy-dressed children of luxury; shreds and tatters, and brilliantuniforms; jackass-carts and state-carriages; beggars, princes andbishops, jostle each other in every street.
at six o'clock everyevening, all naples turns out to drive on the 'riviere di chiaja',(whatever that may mean;) and for two hours one may stand there and seethe motliest and the worst mixed procession go by that ever eyes beheld.
princes (there are more princes than policemen in naples--the city isinfested with them)--princes who live up seven flights of stairs anddon't own any principalities, will keep a carriage and go hungry; andclerks, mechanics, milliners and strumpets will go without their dinnersand squander the money on a hack-ride in the chiaja; the rag-tag andrubbish of the city stack themselves up, to the number of twenty orthirty, on a rickety little go-cart hauled by a donkey not much biggerthan a cat, and they drive in the chiaja; dukes and bankers, in sumptuouscarriages and with gorgeous drivers and footmen, turn out, also, and sothe furious procession goes.
for two hours rank and wealth, andobscurity and poverty clatter along side by side in the wild procession,and then go home serene, happy, covered with glory!
i was looking at a magnificent marble staircase in the king's palace, theother day, which, it was said, cost five million francs, and i suppose itdid cost half a million, may be.
i felt as if it must be a fine thing tolive in a country where there was such comfort and such luxury as this.
and then i stepped out musing, and almost walked over a vagabond who waseating his dinner on the curbstone--a piece of bread and a bunch ofgrapes.
when i found that this mustang was clerking in a fruitestablishment (he had the establishment along with him in a basket,) attwo cents a day, and that he had no palace at home where he lived, i lostsome of my enthusiasm concerning the happiness of living in italy.
this naturally suggests to me a thought about wages here.
lieutenants inthe army get about a dollar a day, and common soldiers a couple of cents.
i only know one clerk--he gets four dollars a month.
printers get sixdollars and a half a month, but i have heard of a foreman who getsthirteen.
to be growing suddenly and violently rich, as this man is, naturallymakes him a bloated aristocrat.
the airs he puts on are insufferable.
and, speaking of wages, reminds me of prices of merchandise.
in parisyou pay twelve dollars a dozen for jouvin's best kid gloves; gloves ofabout as good quality sell here at three or four dollars a dozen.
youpay five and six dollars apiece for fine linen shirts in paris; here andin leghorn you pay two and a half.
in marseilles you pay forty dollarsfor a first-class dress coat made by a good tailor, but in leghorn youcan get a full dress suit for the same money.
here you get handsomebusiness suits at from ten to twenty dollars, and in leghorn you can getan overcoat for fifteen dollars that would cost you seventy in new york.
fine kid boots are worth eight dollars in marseilles and four dollarshere.
lyons velvets rank higher in america than those of genoa.
yet thebulk of lyons velvets you buy in the states are made in genoa andimported into lyons, where they receive the lyons stamp and are thenexported to america.
you can buy enough velvet in genoa for twenty-fivedollars to make a five hundred dollar cloak in new york--so the ladiestell me.
of course these things bring me back, by a natural and easytransition, to the                     ascent of vesuvius--continued.
and thus the wonderful blue grotto is suggested to me.
it is situated onthe island of capri, twenty-two miles from naples.
we chartered a littlesteamer and went out there.
of course, the police boarded us and put usthrough a health examination, and inquired into our politics, before theywould let us land.
the airs these little insect governments put on arein the last degree ridiculous.
they even put a policeman on board of ourboat to keep an eye on us as long as we were in the capri dominions.
they thought we wanted to steal the grotto, i suppose.
it was worthstealing.
the entrance to the cave is four feet high and four feet wide,and is in the face of a lofty perpendicular cliff--the sea-wall.
youenter in small boats--and a tight squeeze it is, too.
you can not go inat all when the tide is up.
once within, you find yourself in an archedcavern about one hundred and sixty feet long, one hundred and twentywide, and about seventy high.
how deep it is no man knows.
it goes downto the bottom of the ocean.
the waters of this placid subterranean lakeare the brightest, loveliest blue that can be imagined.
they are astransparent as plate glass, and their coloring would shame the richestsky that ever bent over italy.
no tint could be more ravishing, nolustre more superb.
throw a stone into the water, and the myriad of tinybubbles that are created flash out a brilliant glare like blue theatricalfires.
dip an oar, and its blade turns to splendid frosted silver,tinted with blue.
let a man jump in, and instantly he is cased in anarmor more gorgeous than ever kingly crusader wore.
then we went to ischia, but i had already been to that island and tiredmyself to death "resting" a couple of days and studying human villainy,with the landlord of the grande sentinelle for a model.
so we went toprocida, and from thence to pozzuoli, where st. paul landed after hesailed from samos.
i landed at precisely the same spot where st. paullanded, and so did dan and the others.
it was a remarkable coincidence.
st. paul preached to these people seven days before he started to rome.
nero's baths, the ruins of baiae, the temple of serapis; cumae, where thecumaen sybil interpreted the oracles, the lake agnano, with its ancientsubmerged city still visible far down in its depths--these and a hundredother points of interest we examined with critical imbecility, but thegrotto of the dog claimed our chief attention, because we had heard andread so much about it.
every body has written about the grotto del caneand its poisonous vapors, from pliny down to smith, and every tourist hasheld a dog over its floor by the legs to test the capabilities of theplace.
the dog dies in a minute and a half--a chicken instantly.
as ageneral thing, strangers who crawl in there to sleep do not get up untilthey are called.
and then they don't either.
the stranger that venturesto sleep there takes a permanent contract.
i longed to see this grotto.
i resolved to take a dog and hold him myself; suffocate him a little, andtime him; suffocate him some more and then finish him.
we reached thegrotto at about three in the afternoon, and proceeded at once to make theexperiments.
but now, an important difficulty presented itself.
we hadno dog.
ascent of vesuvius--continued.
at the hermitage we were about fifteen or eighteen hundred feet above thesea, and thus far a portion of the ascent had been pretty abrupt.
forthe next two miles the road was a mixture--sometimes the ascent wasabrupt and sometimes it was not: but one characteristic it possessed allthe time, without failure--without modification--it was alluncompromisingly and unspeakably infamous.
it was a rough, narrow trail,and led over an old lava flow--a black ocean which was tumbled into athousand fantastic shapes--a wild chaos of ruin, desolation, andbarrenness--a wilderness of billowy upheavals, of furious whirlpools, ofminiature mountains rent asunder--of gnarled and knotted, wrinkled andtwisted masses of blackness that mimicked branching roots, great vines,trunks of trees, all interlaced and mingled together: and all these weirdshapes, all this turbulent panorama, all this stormy, far-stretchingwaste of blackness, with its thrilling suggestiveness of life, of action,of boiling, surging, furious motion, was petrified!--all stricken deadand cold in the instant of its maddest rioting!--fettered, paralyzed, andleft to glower at heaven in impotent rage for evermore!
finally we stood in a level, narrow valley (a valley that had beencreated by the terrific march of some old time irruption) and on eitherhand towered the two steep peaks of vesuvius.
the one we had to climb--the one that contains the active volcano--seemed about eight hundred orone thousand feet high, and looked almost too straight-up-and-down forany man to climb, and certainly no mule could climb it with a man on hisback.
four of these native pirates will carry you to the top in a sedanchair, if you wish it, but suppose they were to slip and let you fall,--is it likely that you would ever stop rolling?
not this side ofeternity, perhaps.
we left the mules, sharpened our finger-nails, andbegan the ascent i have been writing about so long, at twenty minutes tosix in the morning.
the path led straight up a rugged sweep of loosechunks of pumice-stone, and for about every two steps forward we took, weslid back one.
it was so excessively steep that we had to stop, everyfifty or sixty steps, and rest a moment.
to see our comrades, we had tolook very nearly straight up at those above us, and very nearly straightdown at those below.
we stood on the summit at last--it had taken anhour and fifteen minutes to make the trip.
what we saw there was simply a circular crater--a circular ditch, if youplease--about two hundred feet deep, and four or five hundred feet wide,whose inner wall was about half a mile in circumference.
in the centreof the great circus ring thus formed, was a torn and ragged upheaval ahundred feet high, all snowed over with a sulphur crust of many and manya brilliant and beautiful color, and the ditch inclosed this like themoat of a castle, or surrounded it as a little river does a littleisland, if the simile is better.
the sulphur coating of that island wasgaudy in the extreme--all mingled together in the richest confusion werered, blue, brown, black, yellow, white--i do not know that there was acolor, or shade of a color, or combination of colors, unrepresented--andwhen the sun burst through the morning mists and fired this tintedmagnificence, it topped imperial vesuvius like a jeweled crown!
the crater itself--the ditch--was not so variegated in coloring, but yet,in its softness, richness, and unpretentious elegance, it was morecharming, more fascinating to the eye.
there was nothing "loud" aboutits well-bred and well-creased look.
one could stand andlook down upon it for a week without getting tired of it.
it had thesemblance of a pleasant meadow, whose slender grasses and whose velvetymosses were frosted with a shining dust, and tinted with palest greenthat deepened gradually to the darkest hue of the orange leaf, anddeepened yet again into gravest brown, then faded into orange, then intobrightest gold, and culminated in the delicate pink of a new-blown rose.
where portions of the meadow had sunk, and where other portions had beenbroken up like an ice-floe, the cavernous openings of the one, and theragged upturned edges exposed by the other, were hung with a lace-work ofsoft-tinted crystals of sulphur that changed their deformities intoquaint shapes and figures that were full of grace and beauty.
the walls of the ditch were brilliant with yellow banks of sulphur andwith lava and pumice-stone of many colors.
no fire was visible anywhere, but gusts of sulphurous steam issued silently and invisibly from athousand little cracks and fissures in the crater, and were wafted to ournoses with every breeze.
but so long as we kept our nostrils buried inour handkerchiefs, there was small danger of suffocation.
some of the boys thrust long slips of paper down into holes and set themon fire, and so achieved the glory of lighting their cigars by the flamesof vesuvius, and others cooked eggs over fissures in the rocks and werehappy.
the view from the summit would have been superb but for the fact that thesun could only pierce the mists at long intervals.
thus the glimpses wehad of the grand panorama below were only fitful and unsatisfactory.
the descent of the mountain was a labor of only four minutes.
instead ofstalking down the rugged path we ascended, we chose one which was beddedknee-deep in loose ashes, and ploughed our way with prodigious stridesthat would almost have shamed the performance of him of the seven-leagueboots.
the vesuvius of today is a very poor affair compared to the mightyvolcano of kilauea, in the sandwich islands, but i am glad i visited it.
it was well worth it.
it is said that during one of the grand eruptions of vesuvius itdischarged massy rocks weighing many tons a thousand feet into the air,its vast jets of smoke and steam ascended thirty miles toward thefirmament, and clouds of its ashes were wafted abroad and fell upon thedecks of ships seven hundred and fifty miles at sea!
i will take theashes at a moderate discount, if any one will take the thirty miles ofsmoke, but i do not feel able to take a commanding interest in the wholestory by myself.
they pronounce it pom-pay-e.  i always had an idea that you went downinto pompeii with torches, by the way of damp, dark stairways, just asyou do in silver mines, and traversed gloomy tunnels with lava overheadand something on either hand like dilapidated prisons gouged out of thesolid earth, that faintly resembled houses.
but you do nothing the kind.
fully one-half of the buried city, perhaps, is completely exhumed andthrown open freely to the light of day; and there stand the long rows ofsolidly-built brick houses (roofless) just as they stood eighteen hundredyears ago, hot with the flaming sun; and there lie their floors,clean-swept, and not a bright fragment tarnished or waiting of thelabored mosaics that pictured them with the beasts, and birds, andflowers which we copy in perishable carpets to-day; and here are thevenuses, and bacchuses, and adonises, making love and getting drunk inmany-hued frescoes on the walls of saloon and bed-chamber; and there arethe narrow streets and narrower sidewalks, paved with flags of good hardlava, the one deeply rutted with the chariot-wheels, and the other withthe passing feet of the pompeiians of by-gone centuries; and there arethe bake-shops, the temples, the halls of justice, the baths, thetheatres--all clean-scraped and neat, and suggesting nothing of thenature of a silver mine away down in the bowels of the earth.
thebroken pillars lying about, the doorless doorways and the crumbled topsof the wilderness of walls, were wonderfully suggestive of the "burntdistrict" in one of our cities, and if there had been any charredtimbers, shattered windows, heaps of debris, and general blackness andsmokiness about the place, the resemblance would have been perfect.
butno--the sun shines as brightly down on old pompeii to-day as it did whenchrist was born in bethlehem, and its streets are cleaner a hundredtimes than ever pompeiian saw them in her prime.
i know whereof ispeak--for in the great, chief thoroughfares (merchant street and thestreet of fortune) have i not seen with my own eyes how for two hundredyears at least the pavements were not repaired!--how ruts five and eventen inches deep were worn into the thick flagstones by thechariot-wheels of generations of swindled tax-payers?
and do i not knowby these signs that street commissioners of pompeii never attended totheir business, and that if they never mended the pavements they nevercleaned them?
and, besides, is it not the inborn nature of streetcommissioners to avoid their duty whenever they get a chance?
i wish iknew the name of the last one that held office in pompeii so that icould give him a blast.
i speak with feeling on this subject, because icaught my foot in one of those ruts, and the sadness that came over mewhen i saw the first poor skeleton, with ashes and lava sticking to it,was tempered by the reflection that may be that party was the streetcommissioner.
no--pompeii is no longer a buried city.
it is a city of hundreds andhundreds of roofless houses, and a tangled maze of streets where onecould easily get lost, without a guide, and have to sleep in some ghostlypalace that had known no living tenant since that awful november night ofeighteen centuries ago.
we passed through the gate which faces the mediterranean, (called the"marine gate,") and by the rusty, broken image of minerva, still keepingtireless watch and ward over the possessions it was powerless to save,and went up a long street and stood in the broad court of the forum ofjustice.
the floor was level and clean, and up and down either side wasa noble colonnade of broken pillars, with their beautiful ionic andcorinthian columns scattered about them.
at the upper end were thevacant seats of the judges, and behind them we descended into a dungeonwhere the ashes and cinders had found two prisoners chained on thatmemorable november night, and tortured them to death.
how they must havetugged at the pitiless fetters as the fierce fires surged around them!
then we lounged through many and many a sumptuous private mansion whichwe could not have entered without a formal invitation in incomprehensiblelatin, in the olden time, when the owners lived there--and we probablywouldn't have got it.
these people built their houses a good deal alike.
the floors were laid in fanciful figures wrought in mosaics ofmany-colored marbles.
at the threshold your eyes fall upon a latinsentence of welcome, sometimes, or a picture of a dog, with the legend"beware of the dog," and sometimes a picture of a bear or a faun with noinscription at all.
then you enter a sort of vestibule, where they usedto keep the hat-rack, i suppose; next a room with a large marble basinin the midst and the pipes of a fountain; on either side are bedrooms;beyond the fountain is a reception-room, then a little garden,dining-room, and so forth and so on.
the floors were all mosaic, thewalls were stuccoed, or frescoed, or ornamented with bas-reliefs, andhere and there were statues, large and small, and little fish-pools, andcascades of sparkling water that sprang from secret places in thecolonnade of handsome pillars that surrounded the court, and kept theflower-beds fresh and the air cool.
those pompeiians were veryluxurious in their tastes and habits.
the most exquisite bronzes wehave seen in europe, came from the exhumed cities of herculaneum andpompeii, and also the finest cameos and the most delicate engravings onprecious stones; their pictures, eighteen or nineteen centuries old, areoften much more pleasing than the celebrated rubbish of the old mastersof three centuries ago.
they were well up in art.
from the creation ofthese works of the first, clear up to the eleventh century, art seemshardly to have existed at all--at least no remnants of it are left--andit was curious to see how far (in some things, at any rate,) these oldtime pagans excelled the remote generations of masters that came afterthem.
the pride of the world in sculptures seem to be the laocoon andthe dying gladiator, in rome.
they are as old as pompeii, were dug fromthe earth like pompeii; but their exact age or who made them can only beconjectured.
but worn, and cracked, without a history, and with theblemishing stains of numberless centuries upon them, they still mutelymock at all efforts to rival their perfections.
it was a quaint and curious pastime, wandering through this old silentcity of the dead--lounging through utterly deserted streets wherethousands and thousands of human beings once bought and sold, and walkedand rode, and made the place resound with the noise and confusion oftraffic and pleasure.
they were not lazy.
they hurried in those days.
we had evidence of that.
there was a temple on one corner, and it was ashorter cut to go between the columns of that temple from one street tothe other than to go around--and behold that pathway had been worn deepinto the heavy flagstone floor of the building by generations oftime-saving feet!
they would not go around when it was quicker to gothrough.
we do that way in our cities.
every where, you see things that make you wonder how old these old houseswere before the night of destruction came--things, too, which bring backthose long dead inhabitants and place the living before your eyes.
forinstance: the steps (two feet thick--lava blocks) that lead up out of theschool, and the same kind of steps that lead up into the dress circle ofthe principal theatre, are almost worn through!
for ages the boyshurried out of that school, and for ages their parents hurried into thattheatre, and the nervous feet that have been dust and ashes for eighteencenturies have left their record for us to read to-day.
i imagined icould see crowds of gentlemen and ladies thronging into the theatre, withtickets for secured seats in their hands, and on the wall, i read theimaginary placard, in infamous grammar, "positively no free list, exceptmembers of the press!"
hanging about the doorway (i fancied,) wereslouchy pompeiian street-boys uttering slang and profanity, and keeping awary eye out for checks.
i entered the theatre, and sat down in one ofthe long rows of stone benches in the dress circle, and looked at theplace for the orchestra, and the ruined stage, and around at the widesweep of empty boxes, and thought to myself, "this house won't pay."
itried to imagine the music in full blast, the leader of the orchestrabeating time, and the "versatile" so-and-so (who had "just returned froma most successful tour in the provinces to play his last and farewellengagement of positively six nights only, in pompeii, previous to hisdeparture for herculaneum,") charging around the stage and piling theagony mountains high--but i could not do it with such a "house" as that;those empty benches tied my fancy down to dull reality.
i said, thesepeople that ought to be here have been dead, and still, and moldering todust for ages and ages, and will never care for the trifles and folliesof life any more for ever--"owing to circumstances, etc., etc., therewill not be any performance to-night."
close down the curtain.
put outthe lights.
and so i turned away and went through shop after shop and store afterstore, far down the long street of the merchants, and called for thewares of rome and the east, but the tradesmen were gone, the marts weresilent, and nothing was left but the broken jars all set in cement ofcinders and ashes: the wine and the oil that once had filled them weregone with their owners.
in a bake-shop was a mill for grinding the grain, and the furnaces forbaking the bread: and they say that here, in the same furnaces, theexhumers of pompeii found nice, well baked loaves which the baker had notfound time to remove from the ovens the last time he left his shop,because circumstances compelled him to leave in such a hurry.
in one house (the only building in pompeii which no woman is now allowedto enter,) were the small rooms and short beds of solid masonry, just asthey were in the old times, and on the walls were pictures which lookedalmost as fresh as if they were painted yesterday, but which no pen couldhave the hardihood to describe; and here and there were latininscriptions--obscene scintillations of wit, scratched by hands thatpossibly were uplifted to heaven for succor in the midst of a drivingstorm of fire before the night was done.
in one of the principal streets was a ponderous stone tank, and awater-spout that supplied it, and where the tired, heated toilers from thecampagna used to rest their right hands when they bent over to put theirlips to the spout, the thick stone was worn down to a broad groove aninch or two deep.
think of the countless thousands of hands that hadpressed that spot in the ages that are gone, to so reduce a stone thatis as hard as iron!
they had a great public bulletin board in pompeii--a place whereannouncements for gladiatorial combats, elections, and such things, wereposted--not on perishable paper, but carved in enduring stone.
one lady,who, i take it, was rich and well brought up, advertised a dwelling or soto rent, with baths and all the modern improvements, and several hundredshops, stipulating that the dwellings should not be put to immoralpurposes.
you can find out who lived in many a house in pompeii by thecarved stone door-plates affixed to them: and in the same way you cantell who they were that occupy the tombs.
every where around are thingsthat reveal to you something of the customs and history of this forgottenpeople.
but what would a volcano leave of an american city, if it oncerained its cinders on it?
hardly a sign or a symbol to tell its story.
in one of these long pompeiian halls the skeleton of a man was found,with ten pieces of gold in one hand and a large key in the other.
he hadseized his money and started toward the door, but the fiery tempestcaught him at the very threshold, and he sank down and died.
one moreminute of precious time would have saved him.
i saw the skeletons of aman, a woman, and two young girls.
the woman had her hands spread wideapart, as if in mortal terror, and i imagined i could still trace uponher shapeless face something of the expression of wild despair thatdistorted it when the heavens rained fire in these streets, so many agesago.
the girls and the man lay with their faces upon their arms, as ifthey had tried to shield them from the enveloping cinders.
in oneapartment eighteen skeletons were found, all in sitting postures, andblackened places on the walls still mark their shapes and show theirattitudes, like shadows.
one of them, a woman, still wore upon herskeleton throat a necklace, with her name engraved upon it--julie didiomede.
but perhaps the most poetical thing pompeii has yielded to modernresearch, was that grand figure of a roman soldier, clad in completearmor; who, true to his duty, true to his proud name of a soldier ofrome, and full of the stern courage which had given to that name itsglory, stood to his post by the city gate, erect and unflinching, tillthe hell that raged around him burned out the dauntless spirit it couldnot conquer.
we never read of pompeii but we think of that soldier; we can not writeof pompeii without the natural impulse to grant to him the mention he sowell deserves.
let us remember that he was a soldier--not a policeman--and so, praise him.
being a soldier, he staid,--because the warriorinstinct forbade him to fly.
had he been a policeman he would havestaid, also--because he would have been asleep.
there are not half a dozen flights of stairs in pompeii, and no otherevidences that the houses were more than one story high.
the people didnot live in the clouds, as do the venetians, the genoese and neapolitansof to-day.
we came out from under the solemn mysteries of this city of the venerablepast--this city which perished, with all its old ways and its quaint oldfashions about it, remote centuries ago, when the disciples werepreaching the new religion, which is as old as the hills to us now--andwent dreaming among the trees that grow over acres and acres of its stillburied streets and squares, till a shrill whistle and the cry of "allaboard--last train for naples!"
woke me up and reminded me that ibelonged in the nineteenth century, and was not a dusty mummy, caked withashes and cinders, eighteen hundred years old.
the transition wasstartling.
the idea of a railroad train actually running to old deadpompeii, and whistling irreverently, and calling for passengers in themost bustling and business-like way, was as strange a thing as one couldimagine, and as unpoetical and disagreeable as it was strange.
compare the cheerful life and the sunshine of this day with the horrorsthe younger pliny saw here, the 9th of november, a.d. 79, when he was sobravely striving to remove his mother out of reach of harm, while shebegged him, with all a mother's unselfishness, to leave her to perish andsave himself.
'by this time the murky darkness had so increased that one might     have believed himself abroad in a black and moonless night, or in a     chamber where all the lights had been extinguished.
on every hand     was heard the complaints of women, the wailing of children, and the     cries of men.
one called his father, another his son, and another     his wife, and only by their voices could they know each other.
many     in their despair begged that death would come and end their     distress.
"some implored the gods to succor them, and some believed that this     night was the last, the eternal night which should engulf the     universe!
"even so it seemed to me--and i consoled myself for the coming death     with the reflection: behold, the world is passing away!"
* * * * * * * *after browsing among the stately ruins of rome, of baiae, of pompeii, andafter glancing down the long marble ranks of battered and namelessimperial heads that stretch down the corridors of the vatican, one thingstrikes me with a force it never had before: the unsubstantial, unlastingcharacter of fame.
men lived long lives, in the olden time, andstruggled feverishly through them, toiling like slaves, in oratory, ingeneralship, or in literature, and then laid them down and died, happy inthe possession of an enduring history and a deathless name.
well, twentylittle centuries flutter away, and what is left of these things?
a crazyinscription on a block of stone, which snuffy antiquaries bother over andtangle up and make nothing out of but a bare name (which they spellwrong)--no history, no tradition, no poetry--nothing that can give iteven a passing interest.
what may be left of general grant's great nameforty centuries hence?
this--in the encyclopedia for a. d. 5868,possibly:     "uriah s. (or z.)
graunt--popular poet of ancient times in the aztec     provinces of the united states of british america.
some authors say     flourished about a. d. 742; but the learned ah-ah foo-foo states     that he was a cotemporary of scharkspyre, the english poet, and     flourished about a. d. 1328, some three centuries after the trojan     war instead of before it.
he wrote 'rock me to sleep, mother.'"
these thoughts sadden me.
i will to bed.
for the first time, in many weeks, the ship's entire familymet and shook hands on the quarter-deck.
they had gathered from manypoints of the compass and from many lands, but not one was missing; therewas no tale of sickness or death among the flock to dampen the pleasureof the reunion.
once more there was a full audience on deck to listen tothe sailors' chorus as they got the anchor up, and to wave an adieu tothe land as we sped away from naples.
the seats were full at dinneragain, the domino parties were complete, and the life and bustle on theupper deck in the fine moonlight at night was like old times--old timesthat had been gone weeks only, but yet they were weeks so crowded withincident, adventure and excitement, that they seemed almost like years.
there was no lack of cheerfulness on board the quaker city.
for once,her title was a misnomer.
at seven in the evening, with the western horizon all golden from thesunken sun, and specked with distant ships, the full moon sailing highover head, the dark blue of the sea under foot, and a strange sort oftwilight affected by all these different lights and colors around us andabout us, we sighted superb stromboli.
with what majesty the monarchheld his lonely state above the level sea!
distance clothed him in apurple gloom, and added a veil of shimmering mist that so softened hisrugged features that we seemed to see him through a web of silver gauze.
his torch was out; his fires were smoldering; a tall column of smoke thatrose up and lost itself in the growing moonlight was all the sign he gavethat he was a living autocrat of the sea and not the spectre of a deadone.
at two in the morning we swept through the straits of messina, and sobright was the moonlight that italy on the one hand and sicily on theother seemed almost as distinctly visible as though we looked at themfrom the middle of a street we were traversing.
the city of messina,milk-white, and starred and spangled all over with gaslights, was a fairyspectacle.
a great party of us were on deck smoking and making a noise,and waiting to see famous scylla and charybdis.
and presently the oraclestepped out with his eternal spy-glass and squared himself on the decklike another colossus of rhodes.
it was a surprise to see him abroad atsuch an hour.
nobody supposed he cared anything about an old fable likethat of scylla and charybdis.
one of the boys said:"hello, doctor, what are you doing up here at this time of night?--whatdo you want to see this place for?"
"what do i want to see this place for?
young man, little do you know me,or you wouldn't ask such a question.
i wish to see all the places that'smentioned in the bible."
"stuff--this place isn't mentioned in the bible."
"it ain't mentioned in the bible!--this place ain't--well now, what placeis this, since you know so much about it?"
"why it's scylla and charybdis."
"scylla and cha--confound it, i thought it was sodom and gomorrah!"
and he closed up his glass and went below.
the above is the ship story.
its plausibility is marred a little by the fact that the oracle was not abiblical student, and did not spend much of his time instructing himselfabout scriptural localities.--they say the oracle complains, in this hotweather, lately, that the only beverage in the ship that is passable, isthe butter.
he did not mean butter, of course, but inasmuch as thatarticle remains in a melted state now since we are out of ice, it is fairto give him the credit of getting one long word in the right place,anyhow, for once in his life.
he said, in rome, that the pope was anoble-looking old man, but he never did think much of his iliad.
we spent one pleasant day skirting along the isles of greece.
they arevery mountainous.
their prevailing tints are gray and brown, approachingto red.
little white villages surrounded by trees, nestle in the valleysor roost upon the lofty perpendicular sea-walls.
we had one fine sunset--a rich carmine flush that suffused the westernsky and cast a ruddy glow far over the sea.--fine sunsets seem to berare in this part of the world--or at least, striking ones.
they aresoft, sensuous, lovely--they are exquisite refined, effeminate, but wehave seen no sunsets here yet like the gorgeous conflagrations that flamein the track of the sinking sun in our high northern latitudes.
but what were sunsets to us, with the wild excitement upon us ofapproaching the most renowned of cities!
what cared we for outwardvisions, when agamemnon, achilles, and a thousand other heroes of thegreat past were marching in ghostly procession through our fancies?
whatwere sunsets to us, who were about to live and breathe and walk in actualathens; yea, and go far down into the dead centuries and bid in personfor the slaves, diogenes and plato, in the public market-place, or gossipwith the neighbors about the siege of troy or the splendid deeds ofmarathon?
we scorned to consider sunsets.
we arrived, and entered the ancient harbor of the piraeus at last.
wedropped anchor within half a mile of the village.
away off, across theundulating plain of attica, could be seen a little square-topped hillwith a something on it, which our glasses soon discovered to be theruined edifices of the citadel of the athenians, and most prominent amongthem loomed the venerable parthenon.
so exquisitely clear and pure isthis wonderful atmosphere that every column of the noble structure wasdiscernible through the telescope, and even the smaller ruins about itassumed some semblance of shape.
this at a distance of five or sixmiles.
in the valley, near the acropolis, (the square-topped hill beforespoken of,) athens itself could be vaguely made out with an ordinarylorgnette.
every body was anxious to get ashore and visit these classiclocalities as quickly as possible.
no land we had yet seen had arousedsuch universal interest among the passengers.
but bad news came.
the commandant of the piraeus came in his boat, andsaid we must either depart or else get outside the harbor and remainimprisoned in our ship, under rigid quarantine, for eleven days!
so wetook up the anchor and moved outside, to lie a dozen hours or so, takingin supplies, and then sail for constantinople.
it was the bitterestdisappointment we had yet experienced.
to lie a whole day in sight ofthe acropolis, and yet be obliged to go away without visiting athens!
disappointment was hardly a strong enough word to describe thecircumstances.
all hands were on deck, all the afternoon, with books and maps andglasses, trying to determine which "narrow rocky ridge" was theareopagus, which sloping hill the pnyx, which elevation the museum hill,and so on.
and we got things confused.
discussion became heated, andparty spirit ran high.
church members were gazing with emotion upon ahill which they said was the one st. paul preached from, and anotherfaction claimed that that hill was hymettus, and another that it waspentelicon!
after all the trouble, we could be certain of only onething--the square-topped hill was the acropolis, and the grand ruin thatcrowned it was the parthenon, whose picture we knew in infancy in theschool books.
we inquired of every body who came near the ship, whether there wereguards in the piraeus, whether they were strict, what the chances were ofcapture should any of us slip ashore, and in case any of us made theventure and were caught, what would be probably done to us?
the answerswere discouraging: there was a strong guard or police force; the piraeuswas a small town, and any stranger seen in it would surely attractattention--capture would be certain.
the commandant said the punishmentwould be "heavy;" when asked "how heavy?"
he said it would be "verysevere"--that was all we could get out of him.
at eleven o'clock at night, when most of the ship's company were abed,four of us stole softly ashore in a small boat, a clouded moon favoringthe enterprise, and started two and two, and far apart, over a low hill,intending to go clear around the piraeus, out of the range of its police.
picking our way so stealthily over that rocky, nettle-grown eminence,made me feel a good deal as if i were on my way somewhere to stealsomething.
my immediate comrade and i talked in an undertone aboutquarantine laws and their penalties, but we found nothing cheering in thesubject.
i was posted.
only a few days before, i was talking with ourcaptain, and he mentioned the case of a man who swam ashore from aquarantined ship somewhere, and got imprisoned six months for it; andwhen he was in genoa a few years ago, a captain of a quarantined shipwent in his boat to a departing ship, which was already outside of theharbor, and put a letter on board to be taken to his family, and theauthorities imprisoned him three months for it, and then conducted himand his ship fairly to sea, and warned him never to show himself in thatport again while he lived.
this kind of conversation did no good,further than to give a sort of dismal interest to our quarantine-breakingexpedition, and so we dropped it.
we made the entire circuit of the townwithout seeing any body but one man, who stared at us curiously, but saidnothing, and a dozen persons asleep on the ground before their doors,whom we walked among and never woke--but we woke up dogs enough, in allconscience--we always had one or two barking at our heels, and severaltimes we had as many as ten and twelve at once.
they made such apreposterous din that persons aboard our ship said they could tell how wewere progressing for a long time, and where we were, by the barking ofthe dogs.
the clouded moon still favored us.
when we had made the wholecircuit, and were passing among the houses on the further side of thetown, the moon came out splendidly, but we no longer feared the light.
as we approached a well, near a house, to get a drink, the owner merelyglanced at us and went within.
he left the quiet, slumbering town at ourmercy.
i record it here proudly, that we didn't do any thing to it.
seeing no road, we took a tall hill to the left of the distant acropolisfor a mark, and steered straight for it over all obstructions, and over alittle rougher piece of country than exists any where else outside of thestate of nevada, perhaps.
part of the way it was covered with small,loose stones--we trod on six at a time, and they all rolled.
anotherpart of it was dry, loose, newly-ploughed ground.
still another part ofit was a long stretch of low grape-vines, which were tanglesome andtroublesome, and which we took to be brambles.
the attic plain, barringthe grape-vines, was a barren, desolate, unpoetical waste--i wonder whatit was in greece's age of glory, five hundred years before christ?
in the neighborhood of one o'clock in the morning, when we were heatedwith fast walking and parched with thirst, denny exclaimed, "why, theseweeds are grape-vines!"
and in five minutes we had a score of bunches oflarge, white, delicious grapes, and were reaching down for more when adark shape rose mysteriously up out of the shadows beside us and said"ho!"
and so we left.
in ten minutes more we struck into a beautiful road, and unlike someothers we had stumbled upon at intervals, it led in the right direction.
we followed it.
it was broad, and smooth, and white--handsome and inperfect repair, and shaded on both sides for a mile or so with singleranks of trees, and also with luxuriant vineyards.
twice we entered andstole grapes, and the second time somebody shouted at us from someinvisible place.
whereupon we left again.
we speculated in grapes nomore on that side of athens.
shortly we came upon an ancient stone aqueduct, built upon arches, andfrom that time forth we had ruins all about us--we were approaching ourjourney's end.
we could not see the acropolis now or the high hill,either, and i wanted to follow the road till we were abreast of them, butthe others overruled me, and we toiled laboriously up the stony hillimmediately in our front--and from its summit saw another--climbed it andsaw another!
it was an hour of exhausting work.
soon we came upon a rowof open graves, cut in the solid rock--(for a while one of them servedsocrates for a prison)--we passed around the shoulder of the hill, andthe citadel, in all its ruined magnificence, burst upon us!
we hurriedacross the ravine and up a winding road, and stood on the old acropolis,with the prodigious walls of the citadel towering above our heads.
wedid not stop to inspect their massive blocks of marble, or measure theirheight, or guess at their extraordinary thickness, but passed at oncethrough a great arched passage like a railway tunnel, and went straightto the gate that leads to the ancient temples.
it was locked!
so, afterall, it seemed that we were not to see the great parthenon face to face.
we sat down and held a council of war.
result: the gate was only aflimsy structure of wood--we would break it down.
it seemed likedesecration, but then we had traveled far, and our necessities wereurgent.
we could not hunt up guides and keepers--we must be on the shipbefore daylight.
so we argued.
this was all very fine, but when we cameto break the gate, we could not do it.
we moved around an angle of thewall and found a low bastion--eight feet high without--ten or twelvewithin.
denny prepared to scale it, and we got ready to follow.
by dintof hard scrambling he finally straddled the top, but some loose stonescrumbled away and fell with a crash into the court within.
there wasinstantly a banging of doors and a shout.
denny dropped from the wall ina twinkling, and we retreated in disorder to the gate.
xerxes took thatmighty citadel four hundred and eighty years before christ, when his fivemillions of soldiers and camp-followers followed him to greece, and if wefour americans could have remained unmolested five minutes longer, wewould have taken it too.
the garrison had turned out--four greeks.
we clamored at the gate, andthey admitted us.
[bribery and corruption.]
we crossed a large court, entered a great door, and stood upon a pavementof purest white marble, deeply worn by footprints.
before us, in theflooding moonlight, rose the noblest ruins we had ever looked upon--thepropylae; a small temple of minerva; the temple of hercules, and thegrand parthenon.
[we got these names from the greek guide, who didn'tseem to know more than seven men ought to know.]
these edifices were allbuilt of the whitest pentelic marble, but have a pinkish stain upon themnow.
where any part is broken, however, the fracture looks like fineloaf sugar.
six caryatides, or marble women, clad in flowing robes,support the portico of the temple of hercules, but the porticos andcolonnades of the other structures are formed of massive doric and ionicpillars, whose flutings and capitals are still measurably perfect,notwithstanding the centuries that have gone over them and the siegesthey have suffered.
the parthenon, originally, was two hundred andtwenty-six feet long, one hundred wide, and seventy high, and had tworows of great columns, eight in each, at either end, and single rows ofseventeen each down the sides, and was one of the most graceful andbeautiful edifices ever erected.
most of the parthenon's imposing columns are still standing, but the roofis gone.
it was a perfect building two hundred and fifty years ago, whena shell dropped into the venetian magazine stored here, and the explosionwhich followed wrecked and unroofed it.
i remember but little about theparthenon, and i have put in one or two facts and figures for the use ofother people with short memories.
got them from the guide-book.
as we wandered thoughtfully down the marble-paved length of this statelytemple, the scene about us was strangely impressive.
here and there, inlavish profusion, were gleaming white statues of men and women, proppedagainst blocks of marble, some of them armless, some without legs, othersheadless--but all looking mournful in the moonlight, and startlinglyhuman!
they rose up and confronted the midnight intruder on every side--they stared at him with stony eyes from unlooked-for nooks and recesses;they peered at him over fragmentary heaps far down the desolatecorridors; they barred his way in the midst of the broad forum, andsolemnly pointed with handless arms the way from the sacred fane; andthrough the roofless temple the moon looked down, and banded the floorand darkened the scattered fragments and broken statues with the slantingshadows of the columns.
what a world of ruined sculpture was about us!
set up in rows--stackedup in piles--scattered broadcast over the wide area of the acropolis--were hundreds of crippled statues of all sizes and of the most exquisiteworkmanship; and vast fragments of marble that once belonged to theentablatures, covered with bas-reliefs representing battles and sieges,ships of war with three and four tiers of oars, pageants and processions--every thing one could think of.
history says that the temples of theacropolis were filled with the noblest works of praxiteles and phidias,and of many a great master in sculpture besides--and surely these elegantfragments attest it.
we walked out into the grass-grown, fragment-strewn court beyond theparthenon.
it startled us, every now and then, to see a stony white facestare suddenly up at us out of the grass with its dead eyes.
the placeseemed alive with ghosts.
i half expected to see the athenian heroes oftwenty centuries ago glide out of the shadows and steal into the oldtemple they knew so well and regarded with such boundless pride.
the full moon was riding high in the cloudless heavens, now.
wesauntered carelessly and unthinkingly to the edge of the loftybattlements of the citadel, and looked down--a vision!
and such avision!
athens by moonlight!
the prophet that thought the splendors ofthe new jerusalem were revealed to him, surely saw this instead!
it layin the level plain right under our feet--all spread abroad like apicture--and we looked down upon it as we might have looked from aballoon.
we saw no semblance of a street, but every house, every window,every clinging vine, every projection was as distinct and sharply markedas if the time were noon-day; and yet there was no glare, no glitter,nothing harsh or repulsive--the noiseless city was flooded with themellowest light that ever streamed from the moon, and seemed like someliving creature wrapped in peaceful slumber.
on its further side was alittle temple, whose delicate pillars and ornate front glowed with a richlustre that chained the eye like a spell; and nearer by, the palace ofthe king reared its creamy walls out of the midst of a great garden ofshrubbery that was flecked all over with a random shower of amber lights--a spray of golden sparks that lost their brightness in the glory of themoon, and glinted softly upon the sea of dark foliage like the pallidstars of the milky-way.
overhead the stately columns, majestic still intheir ruin--under foot the dreaming city--in the distance the silver sea--not on the broad earth is there an other picture half so beautiful!
as we turned and moved again through the temple, i wished that theillustrious men who had sat in it in the remote ages could visit it againand reveal themselves to our curious eyes--plato, aristotle, demosthenes,socrates, phocion, pythagoras, euclid, pindar, xenophon, herodotus,praxiteles and phidias, zeuxis the painter.
what a constellation ofcelebrated names!
but more than all, i wished that old diogenes, gropingso patiently with his lantern, searching so zealously for one solitaryhonest man in all the world, might meander along and stumble on ourparty.
i ought not to say it, may be, but still i suppose he would haveput out his light.
we left the parthenon to keep its watch over old athens, as it had keptit for twenty-three hundred years, and went and stood outside the wallsof the citadel.
in the distance was the ancient, but still almostperfect temple of theseus, and close by, looking to the west, was thebema, from whence demosthenes thundered his philippics and fired thewavering patriotism of his countrymen.
to the right was mars hill, wherethe areopagus sat in ancient times and where st. paul defined hisposition, and below was the market-place where he "disputed daily" withthe gossip-loving athenians.
we climbed the stone steps st. paulascended, and stood in the square-cut place he stood in, and tried torecollect the bible account of the matter--but for certain reasons, icould not recall the words.
i have found them since:     "now while paul waited for them at athens, his spirit was stirred in     him, when he saw the city wholly given up to idolatry.
therefore     disputed he in the synagogue with the jews, and with the devout     persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him.
* * * * * * * * *     "and they took him and brought him unto areopagus, saying, may we     know what this new doctrine whereof thou speakest is?
* * * * * * * * *     "then paul stood in the midst of mars hill, and said, ye men of     athens, i perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious; for     as i passed by and beheld your devotions, i found an altar with this     inscription: to the unknown god.
whom, therefore, ye ignorantly     worship, him declare i unto you."
it occurred to us, after a while, that if we wanted to get home beforedaylight betrayed us, we had better be moving.
so we hurried away.
whenfar on our road, we had a parting view of the parthenon, with themoonlight streaming through its open colonnades and touching its capitalswith silver.
as it looked then, solemn, grand, and beautiful it willalways remain in our memories.
as we marched along, we began to get over our fears, and ceased to caremuch about quarantine scouts or any body else.
we grew bold andreckless; and once, in a sudden burst of courage, i even threw a stone ata dog.
it was a pleasant reflection, though, that i did not hit him,because his master might just possibly have been a policeman.
inspiredby this happy failure, my valor became utterly uncontrollable, and atintervals i absolutely whistled, though on a moderate key.
but boldnessbreeds boldness, and shortly i plunged into a vineyard, in the full lightof the moon, and captured a gallon of superb grapes, not even minding thepresence of a peasant who rode by on a mule.
denny and birch followed myexample.
now i had grapes enough for a dozen, but then jackson was all swollen upwith courage, too, and he was obliged to enter a vineyard presently.
thefirst bunch he seized brought trouble.
a frowsy, bearded brigand spranginto the road with a shout, and flourished a musket in the light of themoon!
we sidled toward the piraeus--not running you understand, but onlyadvancing with celerity.
the brigand shouted again, but still weadvanced.
it was getting late, and we had no time to fool away on everyass that wanted to drivel greek platitudes to us.
we would just as soonhave talked with him as not if we had not been in a hurry.
presentlydenny said, "those fellows are following us!"
we turned, and, sure enough, there they were--three fantastic piratesarmed with guns.
we slackened our pace to let them come up, and in themeantime i got out my cargo of grapes and dropped them firmly butreluctantly into the shadows by the wayside.
but i was not afraid.
ionly felt that it was not right to steal grapes.
and all the more sowhen the owner was around--and not only around, but with his friendsaround also.
the villains came up and searched a bundle dr. birch had inhis hand, and scowled upon him when they found it had nothing in it butsome holy rocks from mars hill, and these were not contraband.
theyevidently suspected him of playing some wretched fraud upon them, andseemed half inclined to scalp the party.
but finally they dismissed uswith a warning, couched in excellent greek, i suppose, and droppedtranquilly in our wake.
when they had gone three hundred yards theystopped, and we went on rejoiced.
but behold, another armed rascal cameout of the shadows and took their place, and followed us two hundredyards.
then he delivered us over to another miscreant, who emerged fromsome mysterious place, and he in turn to another!
for a mile and a halfour rear was guarded all the while by armed men.
i never traveled in somuch state before in all my life.
it was a good while after that before we ventured to steal any moregrapes, and when we did we stirred up another troublesome brigand, andthen we ceased all further speculation in that line.
i suppose thatfellow that rode by on the mule posted all the sentinels, from athens tothe piraeus, about us.
every field on that long route was watched by an armed sentinel, some ofwhom had fallen asleep, no doubt, but were on hand, nevertheless.
thisshows what sort of a country modern attica is--a community ofquestionable characters.
these men were not there to guard theirpossessions against strangers, but against each other; for strangersseldom visit athens and the piraeus, and when they do, they go indaylight, and can buy all the grapes they want for a trifle.
the moderninhabitants are confiscators and falsifiers of high repute, if gossipspeaks truly concerning them, and i freely believe it does.
just as the earliest tinges of the dawn flushed the eastern sky andturned the pillared parthenon to a broken harp hung in the pearlyhorizon, we closed our thirteenth mile of weary, round-about marching,and emerged upon the sea-shore abreast the ships, with our usual escortof fifteen hundred piraean dogs howling at our heels.
we hailed a boatthat was two or three hundred yards from shore, and discoveredin a moment that it was a police-boat on the lookout for anyquarantine-breakers that might chance to be abroad.
so we dodged--wewere used to that by this time--and when the scouts reached the spot wehad so lately occupied, we were absent.
they cruised along the shore,but in the wrong direction, and shortly our own boat issued from thegloom and took us aboard.
they had heard our signal on the ship.
werowed noiselessly away, and before the police-boat came in sight again,we were safe at home once more.
four more of our passengers were anxious to visit athens, and startedhalf an hour after we returned; but they had not been ashore five minutestill the police discovered and chased them so hotly that they barelyescaped to their boat again, and that was all.
they pursued theenterprise no further.
we set sail for constantinople to-day, but some of us little care forthat.
we have seen all there was to see in the old city that had itsbirth sixteen hundred years before christ was born, and was an old townbefore the foundations of troy were laid--and saw it in its mostattractive aspect.
wherefore, why should we worry?
two other passengers ran the blockade successfully last night.
so welearned this morning.
they slipped away so quietly that they were notmissed from the ship for several hours.
they had the hardihood to marchinto the piraeus in the early dusk and hire a carriage.
they ran somedanger of adding two or three months' imprisonment to the other noveltiesof their holy land pleasure excursion.
i admire "cheek."
--[quotationfrom the pilgrims.]
--but they went and came safely, and never walked astep.
from athens all through the islands of the grecian archipelago, we sawlittle but forbidding sea-walls and barren hills, sometimes surmounted bythree or four graceful columns of some ancient temple, lonely anddeserted--a fitting symbol of the desolation that has come upon allgreece in these latter ages.
we saw no ploughed fields, very fewvillages, no trees or grass or vegetation of any kind, scarcely, andhardly ever an isolated house.
greece is a bleak, unsmiling desert,without agriculture, manufactures or commerce, apparently.
what supportsits poverty-stricken people or its government, is a mystery.
i suppose that ancient greece and modern greece compared, furnish themost extravagant contrast to be found in history.
george i., an infantof eighteen, and a scraggy nest of foreign office holders, sit in theplaces of themistocles, pericles, and the illustrious scholars andgenerals of the golden age of greece.
the fleets that were the wonder ofthe world when the parthenon was new, are a beggarly handful offishing-smacks now, and the manly people that performed such miracles ofvalor at marathon are only a tribe of unconsidered slaves to-day.
theclassic illyssus has gone dry, and so have all the sources of grecianwealth and greatness.
the nation numbers only eight hundred thousandsouls, and there is poverty and misery and mendacity enough among themto furnish forty millions and be liberal about it.
under king otho therevenues of the state were five millions of dollars--raised from a taxof one-tenth of all the agricultural products of the land (which tenththe farmer had to bring to the royal granaries on pack-mules anydistance not exceeding six leagues) and from extravagant taxes on tradeand commerce.
out of that five millions the small tyrant tried to keepan army of ten thousand men, pay all the hundreds of useless grandequerries in waiting, first grooms of the bedchamber, lord highchancellors of the exploded exchequer, and all the other absurditieswhich these puppy-kingdoms indulge in, in imitation of the greatmonarchies; and in addition he set about building a white marble palaceto cost about five millions itself.
the result was, simply: ten intofive goes no times and none over.
all these things could not be donewith five millions, and otho fell into trouble.
the greek throne, with its unpromising adjuncts of a ragged population ofingenious rascals who were out of employment eight months in the yearbecause there was little for them to borrow and less to confiscate, and awaste of barren hills and weed-grown deserts, went begging for a goodwhile.
it was offered to one of victoria's sons, and afterwards tovarious other younger sons of royalty who had no thrones and were out ofbusiness, but they all had the charity to decline the dreary honor, andveneration enough for greece's ancient greatness to refuse to mock hersorrowful rags and dirt with a tinsel throne in this day of herhumiliation--till they came to this young danish george, and he took it.
he has finished the splendid palace i saw in the radiant moonlight theother night, and is doing many other things for the salvation of greece,they say.
we sailed through the barren archipelago, and into the narrow channelthey sometimes call the dardanelles and sometimes the hellespont.
thispart of the country is rich in historic reminiscences, and poor as saharain every thing else.
for instance, as we approached the dardanelles, wecoasted along the plains of troy and past the mouth of the scamander; wesaw where troy had stood (in the distance,) and where it does not standnow--a city that perished when the world was young.
the poor trojans areall dead, now.
they were born too late to see noah's ark, and died toosoon to see our menagerie.
we saw where agamemnon's fleets rendezvoused,and away inland a mountain which the map said was mount ida.
within thehellespont we saw where the original first shoddy contract mentioned inhistory was carried out, and the "parties of the second part" gentlyrebuked by xerxes.
i speak of the famous bridge of boats which xerxesordered to be built over the narrowest part of the hellespont (where itis only two or three miles wide.)
a moderate gale destroyed the flimsystructure, and the king, thinking that to publicly rebuke the contractorsmight have a good effect on the next set, called them out before the armyand had them beheaded.
in the next ten minutes he let a new contract forthe bridge.
it has been observed by ancient writers that the secondbridge was a very good bridge.
xerxes crossed his host of five millionsof men on it, and if it had not been purposely destroyed, it wouldprobably have been there yet.
if our government would rebuke some of ourshoddy contractors occasionally, it might work much good.
in thehellespont we saw where leander and lord byron swam across, the one tosee her upon whom his soul's affections were fixed with a devotion thatonly death could impair, and the other merely for a flyer, as jack says.
we had two noted tombs near us, too.
on one shore slept ajax, and on theother hecuba.
we had water batteries and forts on both sides of the hellespont, flyingthe crimson flag of turkey, with its white crescent, and occasionally avillage, and sometimes a train of camels; we had all these to look attill we entered the broad sea of marmora, and then the land soon fadingfrom view, we resumed euchre and whist once more.
we dropped anchor in the mouth of the golden horn at daylight in themorning.
only three or four of us were up to see the great ottomancapital.
the passengers do not turn out at unseasonable hours, as theyused to, to get the earliest possible glimpse of strange foreign cities.
they are well over that.
if we were lying in sight of the pyramids ofegypt, they would not come on deck until after breakfast, now-a-days.
the golden horn is a narrow arm of the sea, which branches from thebosporus (a sort of broad river which connects the marmora and blackseas,) and, curving around, divides the city in the middle.
galata andpera are on one side of the bosporus, and the golden horn; stamboul(ancient byzantium) is upon the other.
on the other bank of the bosporusis scutari and other suburbs of constantinople.
this great city containsa million inhabitants, but so narrow are its streets, and so crowdedtogether are its houses, that it does not cover much more than half asmuch ground as new york city.
seen from the anchorage or from a mile orso up the bosporus, it is by far the handsomest city we have seen.
itsdense array of houses swells upward from the water's edge, and spreadsover the domes of many hills; and the gardens that peep out here andthere, the great globes of the mosques, and the countless minarets thatmeet the eye every where, invest the metropolis with the quaint orientalaspect one dreams of when he reads books of eastern travel.
constantinople makes a noble picture.
but its attractiveness begins and ends with its picturesqueness.
fromthe time one starts ashore till he gets back again, he execrates it.
theboat he goes in is admirably miscalculated for the service it is builtfor.
it is handsomely and neatly fitted up, but no man could handle itwell in the turbulent currents that sweep down the bosporus from theblack sea, and few men could row it satisfactorily even in still water.
it is a long, light canoe (caique,) large at one end and tapering to aknife blade at the other.
they make that long sharp end the bow, and youcan imagine how these boiling currents spin it about.
it has two oars,and sometimes four, and no rudder.
you start to go to a given point andyou run in fifty different directions before you get there.
first oneoar is backing water, and then the other; it is seldom that both aregoing ahead at once.
this kind of boating is calculated to drive animpatient man mad in a week.
the boatmen are the awkwardest, thestupidest, and the most unscientific on earth, without question.
ashore, it was--well, it was an eternal circus.
people were thicker thanbees, in those narrow streets, and the men were dressed in all theoutrageous, outlandish, idolatrous, extravagant, thunder-and-lightningcostumes that ever a tailor with the delirium tremens and seven devilscould conceive of.
there was no freak in dress too crazy to be indulgedin; no absurdity too absurd to be tolerated; no frenzy in raggeddiabolism too fantastic to be attempted.
no two men were dressed alike.
it was a wild masquerade of all imaginable costumes--every strugglingthrong in every street was a dissolving view of stunning contrasts.
somepatriarchs wore awful turbans, but the grand mass of the infidel hordewore the fiery red skull-cap they call a fez.
all the remainder of theraiment they indulged in was utterly indescribable.
the shops here are mere coops, mere boxes, bath-rooms, closets--any thingyou please to call them--on the first floor.
the turks sit cross-leggedin them, and work and trade and smoke long pipes, and smell like--liketurks.
that covers the ground.
crowding the narrow streets in front ofthem are beggars, who beg forever, yet never collect any thing; andwonderful cripples, distorted out of all semblance of humanity, almost;vagabonds driving laden asses; porters carrying dry-goods boxes as largeas cottages on their backs; peddlers of grapes, hot corn, pumpkin seeds,and a hundred other things, yelling like fiends; and sleeping happily,comfortably, serenely, among the hurrying feet, are the famed dogs ofconstantinople; drifting noiselessly about are squads of turkish women,draped from chin to feet in flowing robes, and with snowy veils boundabout their heads, that disclose only the eyes and a vague, shadowynotion of their features.
seen moving about, far away in the dim, archedaisles of the great bazaar, they look as the shrouded dead must havelooked when they walked forth from their graves amid the storms andthunders and earthquakes that burst upon calvary that awful night of thecrucifixion.
a street in constantinople is a picture which one ought tosee once--not oftener.
and then there was the goose-rancher--a fellow who drove a hundred geesebefore him about the city, and tried to sell them.
he had a pole tenfeet long, with a crook in the end of it, and occasionally a goose wouldbranch out from the flock and make a lively break around the corner, withwings half lifted and neck stretched to its utmost.
did thegoose-merchant get excited?
he took his pole and reached afterthat goose with unspeakable sang froid--took a hitch round his neck, and"yanked" him back to his place in the flock without an effort.
hesteered his geese with that stick as easily as another man would steer ayawl.
a few hours afterward we saw him sitting on a stone at a corner,in the midst of the turmoil, sound asleep in the sun, with his geesesquatting around him, or dodging out of the way of asses and men.
wecame by again, within the hour, and he was taking account of stock, tosee whether any of his flock had strayed or been stolen.
the way he didit was unique.
he put the end of his stick within six or eight inches ofa stone wall, and made the geese march in single file between it and thewall.
he counted them as they went by.
there was no dodging thatarrangement.
if you want dwarfs--i mean just a few dwarfs for a curiosity--go togenoa.
if you wish to buy them by the gross, for retail, go to milan.
there are plenty of dwarfs all over italy, but it did seem to me that inmilan the crop was luxuriant.
if you would see a fair average style ofassorted cripples, go to naples, or travel through the roman states.
but if you would see the very heart and home of cripples and humanmonsters, both, go straight to constantinople.
a beggar in naples whocan show a foot which has all run into one horrible toe, with oneshapeless nail on it, has a fortune--but such an exhibition as that wouldnot provoke any notice in constantinople.
the man would starve.
whowould pay any attention to attractions like his among the rare monstersthat throng the bridges of the golden horn and display their deformitiesin the gutters of stamboul?
o, wretched impostor!
how could he standagainst the three-legged woman, and the man with his eye in his cheek?
how would he blush in presence of the man with fingers on his elbow?
where would he hide himself when the dwarf with seven fingers on eachhand, no upper lip, and his under-jaw gone, came down in his majesty?
the cripples of europe are a delusion and a fraud.
the trulygifted flourish only in the by-ways of pera and stamboul.
that three-legged woman lay on the bridge, with her stock in trade sodisposed as to command the most striking effect--one natural leg, and twolong, slender, twisted ones with feet on them like somebody else'sfore-arm.
then there was a man further along who had no eyes, and whoseface was the color of a fly-blown beefsteak, and wrinkled and twistedlike a lava-flow--and verily so tumbled and distorted were his featuresthat no man could tell the wart that served him for a nose from hischeek-bones.
in stamboul was a man with a prodigious head, an uncommonlylong body, legs eight inches long and feet like snow-shoes.
he traveledon those feet and his hands, and was as sway-backed as if the colossusof rhodes had been riding him.
ah, a beggar has to have exceedinglygood points to make a living in constantinople.
a blue-faced man, whohad nothing to offer except that he had been blown up in a mine, wouldbe regarded as a rank impostor, and a mere damaged soldier on crutcheswould never make a cent.
it would pay him to get apiece of his headtaken off, and cultivate a wen like a carpet sack.
the mosque of st. sophia is the chief lion of constantinople.
you mustget a firman and hurry there the first thing.
we did that.
we did notget a firman, but we took along four or five francs apiece, which is muchthe same thing.
i do not think much of the mosque of st. sophia.
i suppose i lackappreciation.
we will let it go at that.
it is the rustiest old barn inheathendom.
i believe all the interest that attaches to it comes fromthe fact that it was built for a christian church and then turned into amosque, without much alteration, by the mohammedan conquerors of theland.
they made me take off my boots and walk into the place in mystocking-feet.
i caught cold, and got myself so stuck up with acomplication of gums, slime and general corruption, that i wore out morethan two thousand pair of boot-jacks getting my boots off that night, andeven then some christian hide peeled off with them.
i abate not a singleboot-jack.
st. sophia is a colossal church, thirteen or fourteen hundred years old,and unsightly enough to be very, very much older.
its immense dome issaid to be more wonderful than st. peter's, but its dirt is much morewonderful than its dome, though they never mention it.
the church has ahundred and seventy pillars in it, each a single piece, and all of costlymarbles of various kinds, but they came from ancient temples at baalbec,heliopolis, athens and ephesus, and are battered, ugly and repulsive.
they were a thousand years old when this church was new, and then thecontrast must have been ghastly--if justinian's architects did not trimthem any.
the inside of the dome is figured all over with a monstrousinscription in turkish characters, wrought in gold mosaic, that looks asglaring as a circus bill; the pavements and the marble balustrades areall battered and dirty; the perspective is marred every where by a web ofropes that depend from the dizzy height of the dome, and suspendcountless dingy, coarse oil lamps, and ostrich-eggs, six or seven feetabove the floor.
squatting and sitting in groups, here and there and farand near, were ragged turks reading books, hearing sermons, or receivinglessons like children.
and in fifty places were more of the same sortbowing and straightening up, bowing again and getting down to kiss theearth, muttering prayers the while, and keeping up their gymnastics tillthey ought to have been tired, if they were not.
every where was dirt, and dust, and dinginess, and gloom; every wherewere signs of a hoary antiquity, but with nothing touching or beautifulabout it; every where were those groups of fantastic pagans; overhead thegaudy mosaics and the web of lamp-ropes--nowhere was there any thing towin one's love or challenge his admiration.
the people who go into ecstasies over st. sophia must surely get them outof the guide-book (where every church is spoken of as being "consideredby good judges to be the most marvelous structure, in many respects, thatthe world has ever seen.")
or else they are those old connoisseurs fromthe wilds of new jersey who laboriously learn the difference between afresco and a fire-plug and from that day forward feel privileged to voidtheir critical bathos on painting, sculpture and architecture forevermore.
we visited the dancing dervishes.
there were twenty-one of them.
theywore a long, light-colored loose robe that hung to their heels.
each inhis turn went up to the priest (they were all within a large circularrailing) and bowed profoundly and then went spinning away deliriously andtook his appointed place in the circle, and continued to spin.
when allhad spun themselves to their places, they were about five or six feetapart--and so situated, the entire circle of spinning pagans spun itselfthree separate times around the room.
it took twenty-five minutes to doit.
they spun on the left foot, and kept themselves going by passing theright rapidly before it and digging it against the waxed floor.
some ofthem made incredible "time."
most of them spun around forty times in aminute, and one artist averaged about sixty-one times a minute, and keptit up during the whole twenty-five.
his robe filled with air and stoodout all around him like a balloon.
they made no noise of any kind, and most of them tilted their heads backand closed their eyes, entranced with a sort of devotional ecstacy.
there was a rude kind of music, part of the time, but the musicians werenot visible.
none but spinners were allowed within the circle.
a manhad to either spin or stay outside.
it was about as barbarous anexhibition as we have witnessed yet.
then sick persons came and laydown, and beside them women laid their sick children (one a babe at thebreast,) and the patriarch of the dervishes walked upon their bodies.
hewas supposed to cure their diseases by trampling upon their breasts orbacks or standing on the back of their necks.
this is well enough for apeople who think all their affairs are made or marred by viewless spiritsof the air--by giants, gnomes, and genii--and who still believe, to thisday, all the wild tales in the arabian nights.
even so an intelligentmissionary tells me.
we visited the thousand and one columns.
i do not know what it wasoriginally intended for, but they said it was built for a reservoir.
itis situated in the centre of constantinople.
you go down a flight ofstone steps in the middle of a barren place, and there you are.
you areforty feet under ground, and in the midst of a perfect wilderness oftall, slender, granite columns, of byzantine architecture.
stand whereyou would, or change your position as often as you pleased, you werealways a centre from which radiated a dozen long archways and colonnadesthat lost themselves in distance and the sombre twilight of the place.
this old dried-up reservoir is occupied by a few ghostly silk-spinnersnow, and one of them showed me a cross cut high up in one of the pillars.
i suppose he meant me to understand that the institution was there beforethe turkish occupation, and i thought he made a remark to that effect;but he must have had an impediment in his speech, for i did notunderstand him.
we took off our shoes and went into the marble mausoleum of the sultanmahmoud, the neatest piece of architecture, inside, that i have seenlately.
mahmoud's tomb was covered with a black velvet pall, which waselaborately embroidered with silver; it stood within a fancy silverrailing; at the sides and corners were silver candlesticks that wouldweigh more than a hundred pounds, and they supported candles as large asa man's leg; on the top of the sarcophagus was a fez, with a handsomediamond ornament upon it, which an attendant said cost a hundred thousandpounds, and lied like a turk when he said it.
mahmoud's whole familywere comfortably planted around him.
we went to the great bazaar in stamboul, of course, and i shall notdescribe it further than to say it is a monstrous hive of little shops--thousands, i should say--all under one roof, and cut up into innumerablelittle blocks by narrow streets which are arched overhead.
one street isdevoted to a particular kind of merchandise, another to another, and soon.
when you wish to buy a pair of shoes you have the swing of the wholestreet--you do not have to walk yourself down hunting stores in differentlocalities.
it is the same with silks, antiquities, shawls, etc.
theplace is crowded with people all the time, and as the gay-colored easternfabrics are lavishly displayed before every shop, the great bazaar ofstamboul is one of the sights that are worth seeing.
it is full of life,and stir, and business, dirt, beggars, asses, yelling peddlers, porters,dervishes, high-born turkish female shoppers, greeks, and weird-lookingand weirdly dressed mohammedans from the mountains and the far provinces--and the only solitary thing one does not smell when he is in the greatbazaar, is something which smells good.
mosques are plenty, churches are plenty, graveyards are plenty, butmorals and whiskey are scarce.
the koran does not permit mohammedans todrink.
their natural instincts do not permit them to be moral.
they saythe sultan has eight hundred wives.
this almost amounts to bigamy.
itmakes our cheeks burn with shame to see such a thing permitted here inturkey.
we do not mind it so much in salt lake, however.
circassian and georgian girls are still sold in constantinople by theirparents, but not publicly.
the great slave marts we have all read somuch about--where tender young girls were stripped for inspection, andcriticised and discussed just as if they were horses at an agriculturalfair--no longer exist.
the exhibition and the sales are private now.
stocks are up, just at present, partly because of a brisk demand createdby the recent return of the sultan's suite from the courts of europe;partly on account of an unusual abundance of bread-stuffs, which leavesholders untortured by hunger and enables them to hold back for highprices; and partly because buyers are too weak to bear the market, whilesellers are amply prepared to bull it.
under these circumstances, if theamerican metropolitan newspapers were published here in constantinople,their next commercial report would read about as follows, i suppose:                        slave girl market report.
"best brands circassians, crop of 1850, l200; 1852, l250; 1854,     l300.
best brands georgian, none in market; second quality, 1851,     l180.
nineteen fair to middling wallachian girls offered at l130 @     150, but no takers; sixteen prime a 1 sold in small lots to close     out--terms private.
"sales of one lot circassians, prime to good, 1852 to 1854, at l240     @ 242, buyer 30; one forty-niner--damaged--at l23, seller ten, no     deposit.
several georgians, fancy brands, 1852, changed hands to     fill orders.
the georgians now on hand are mostly last year's crop,     which was unusually poor.
the new crop is a little backward, but     will be coming in shortly.
as regards its quantity and quality, the     accounts are most encouraging.
in this connection we can safely     say, also, that the new crop of circassians is looking extremely     well.
his majesty the sultan has already sent in large orders for     his new harem, which will be finished within a fortnight, and this     has naturally strengthened the market and given circassian stock a     strong upward tendency.
taking advantage of the inflated market,     many of our shrewdest operators are selling short.
there are hints     of a 'corner' on wallachians.
"there is nothing new in nubians.
"eunuchs--none offering; however, large cargoes are expected from     egypt today."
i think the above would be about the style of the commercial report.
prices are pretty high now, and holders firm; but, two or three yearsago, parents in a starving condition brought their young daughters downhere and sold them for even twenty and thirty dollars, when they could dono better, simply to save themselves and the girls from dying of want.
it is sad to think of so distressing a thing as this, and i for one amsincerely glad the prices are up again.
commercial morals, especially, are bad.
there is no gainsaying that.
greek, turkish and armenian morals consist only in attending churchregularly on the appointed sabbaths, and in breaking the ten commandmentsall the balance of the week.
it comes natural to them to lie and cheatin the first place, and then they go on and improve on nature until theyarrive at perfection.
in recommending his son to a merchant as avaluable salesman, a father does not say he is a nice, moral, uprightboy, and goes to sunday school and is honest, but he says, "this boy isworth his weight in broad pieces of a hundred--for behold, he will cheatwhomsoever hath dealings with him, and from the euxine to the waters ofmarmora there abideth not so gifted a liar!"
how is that for arecommendation?
the missionaries tell me that they hear encomiums likethat passed upon people every day.
they say of a person they admire,"ah, he is a charming swindler, and a most exquisite liar!"
every body lies and cheats--every body who is in business, at any rate.
even foreigners soon have to come down to the custom of the country, andthey do not buy and sell long in constantinople till they lie and cheatlike a greek.
i say like a greek, because the greeks are called theworst transgressors in this line.
several americans long resident inconstantinople contend that most turks are pretty trustworthy, but fewclaim that the greeks have any virtues that a man can discover--at leastwithout a fire assay.
i am half willing to believe that the celebrated dogs of constantinoplehave been misrepresented--slandered.
i have always been led to supposethat they were so thick in the streets that they blocked the way; thatthey moved about in organized companies, platoons and regiments, and tookwhat they wanted by determined and ferocious assault; and that at nightthey drowned all other sounds with their terrible howlings.
the dogs isee here can not be those i have read of.
i find them every where, but not in strong force.
the most i have foundtogether has been about ten or twenty.
and night or day a fairproportion of them were sound asleep.
those that were not asleep alwayslooked as if they wanted to be.
i never saw such utterly wretched,starving, sad-visaged, broken-hearted looking curs in my life.
it seemeda grim satire to accuse such brutes as these of taking things by force ofarms.
they hardly seemed to have strength enough or ambition enough towalk across the street--i do not know that i have seen one walk that faryet.
they are mangy and bruised and mutilated, and often you see onewith the hair singed off him in such wide and well defined tracts that helooks like a map of the new territories.
they are the sorriest beaststhat breathe--the most abject--the most pitiful.
in their faces is asettled expression of melancholy, an air of hopeless despondency.
thehairless patches on a scalded dog are preferred by the fleas ofconstantinople to a wider range on a healthier dog; and the exposedplaces suit the fleas exactly.
i saw a dog of this kind start to nibbleat a flea--a fly attracted his attention, and he made a snatch at him;the flea called for him once more, and that forever unsettled him; helooked sadly at his flea-pasture, then sadly looked at his bald spot.
then he heaved a sigh and dropped his head resignedly upon his paws.
hewas not equal to the situation.
the dogs sleep in the streets, all over the city.
from one end of thestreet to the other, i suppose they will average about eight or ten to ablock.
sometimes, of course, there are fifteen or twenty to a block.
they do not belong to any body, and they seem to have no close personalfriendships among each other.
but they district the city themselves, andthe dogs of each district, whether it be half a block in extent, or tenblocks, have to remain within its bounds.
woe to a dog if he crosses theline!
his neighbors would snatch the balance of his hair off in asecond.
so it is said.
but they don't look it.
they sleep in the streets these days.
they are my compass--my guide.
when i see the dogs sleep placidly on, while men, sheep, geese, and allmoving things turn out and go around them, i know i am not in the greatstreet where the hotel is, and must go further.
in the grand rue thedogs have a sort of air of being on the lookout--an air born of beingobliged to get out of the way of many carriages every day--and thatexpression one recognizes in a moment.
it does not exist upon the faceof any dog without the confines of that street.
all others sleepplacidly and keep no watch.
they would not move, though the sultanhimself passed by.
in one narrow street (but none of them are wide) i saw three dogs lyingcoiled up, about a foot or two apart.
end to end they lay, and so theyjust bridged the street neatly, from gutter to gutter.
a drove of ahundred sheep came along.
they stepped right over the dogs, the rearcrowding the front, impatient to get on.
the dogs looked lazily up,flinched a little when the impatient feet of the sheep touched their rawbacks--sighed, and lay peacefully down again.
no talk could be plainerthan that.
so some of the sheep jumped over them and others scrambledbetween, occasionally chipping a leg with their sharp hoofs, and when thewhole flock had made the trip, the dogs sneezed a little, in the cloud ofdust, but never budged their bodies an inch.
i thought i was lazy, but iam a steam-engine compared to a constantinople dog.
but was not that asingular scene for a city of a million inhabitants?
these dogs are the scavengers of the city.
that is their officialposition, and a hard one it is.
however, it is their protection.
butfor their usefulness in partially cleansing these terrible streets, theywould not be tolerated long.
they eat any thing and every thing thatcomes in their way, from melon rinds and spoiled grapes up through allthe grades and species of dirt and refuse to their own dead friends andrelatives--and yet they are always lean, always hungry, alwaysdespondent.
the people are loath to kill them--do not kill them, infact.
the turks have an innate antipathy to taking the life of any dumbanimal, it is said.
but they do worse.
they hang and kick and stone andscald these wretched creatures to the very verge of death, and then leavethem to live and suffer.
once a sultan proposed to kill off all the dogs here, and did begin thework--but the populace raised such a howl of horror about it that themassacre was stayed.
after a while, he proposed to remove them all to anisland in the sea of marmora.
no objection was offered, and a ship-loador so was taken away.
but when it came to be known that somehow or otherthe dogs never got to the island, but always fell overboard in the nightand perished, another howl was raised and the transportation scheme wasdropped.
so the dogs remain in peaceable possession of the streets.
i do not saythat they do not howl at night, nor that they do not attack people whohave not a red fez on their heads.
i only say that it would be mean forme to accuse them of these unseemly things who have not seen them do themwith my own eyes or heard them with my own ears.
i was a little surprised to see turks and greeks playing newsboy righthere in the mysterious land where the giants and genii of the arabiannights once dwelt--where winged horses and hydra-headed dragons guardedenchanted castles--where princes and princesses flew through the air oncarpets that obeyed a mystic talisman--where cities whose houses weremade of precious stones sprang up in a night under the hand of themagician, and where busy marts were suddenly stricken with a spell andeach citizen lay or sat, or stood with weapon raised or foot advanced,just as he was, speechless and motionless, till time had told a hundredyears!
it was curious to see newsboys selling papers in so dreamy a land asthat.
and, to say truly, it is comparatively a new thing here.
theselling of newspapers had its birth in constantinople about a year ago,and was a child of the prussian and austrian war.
there is one paper published here in the english language--the levantherald--and there are generally a number of greek and a few french papersrising and falling, struggling up and falling again.
newspapers are notpopular with the sultan's government.
they do not understand journalism.
the proverb says, "the unknown is always great."
to the court, thenewspaper is a mysterious and rascally institution.
they know what apestilence is, because they have one occasionally that thins the peopleout at the rate of two thousand a day, and they regard a newspaper as amild form of pestilence.
when it goes astray, they suppress it--pounceupon it without warning, and throttle it.
when it don't go astray for along time, they get suspicious and throttle it anyhow, because they thinkit is hatching deviltry.
imagine the grand vizier in solemn council withthe magnates of the realm, spelling his way through the hated newspaper,and finally delivering his profound decision: "this thing means mischief--it is too darkly, too suspiciously inoffensive--suppress it!
warn thepublisher that we can not have this sort of thing: put the editor inprison!"
the newspaper business has its inconveniences in constantinople.
twogreek papers and one french one were suppressed here within a few days ofeach other.
no victories of the cretans are allowed to be printed.
fromtime to time the grand vizier sends a notice to the various editors thatthe cretan insurrection is entirely suppressed, and although that editorknows better, he still has to print the notice.
the levant herald is toofond of speaking praisefully of americans to be popular with the sultan,who does not relish our sympathy with the cretans, and therefore thatpaper has to be particularly circumspect in order to keep out of trouble.
once the editor, forgetting the official notice in his paper that thecretans were crushed out, printed a letter of a very different tenor,from the american consul in crete, and was fined two hundred and fiftydollars for it.
shortly he printed another from the same source and wasimprisoned three months for his pains.
i think i could get the assistanteditorship of the levant herald, but i am going to try to worry alongwithout it.
to suppress a paper here involves the ruin of the publisher, almost.
butin naples i think they speculate on misfortunes of that kind.
papers aresuppressed there every day, and spring up the next day under a new name.
during the ten days or a fortnight we staid there one paper was murderedand resurrected twice.
the newsboys are smart there, just as they areelsewhere.
they take advantage of popular weaknesses.
when they findthey are not likely to sell out, they approach a citizen mysteriously,and say in a low voice--"last copy, sir: double price; paper just beensuppressed!"
the man buys it, of course, and finds nothing in it.
theydo say--i do not vouch for it--but they do say that men sometimes print avast edition of a paper, with a ferociously seditious article in it,distribute it quickly among the newsboys, and clear out till thegovernment's indignation cools.
it pays well.
confiscation don't amountto any thing.
the type and presses are not worth taking care of.
there is only one english newspaper in naples.
it has seventysubscribers.
the publisher is getting rich very deliberately--verydeliberately indeed.
i never shall want another turkish lunch.
the cooking apparatus was inthe little lunch room, near the bazaar, and it was all open to thestreet.
the cook was slovenly, and so was the table, and it had no clothon it.
the fellow took a mass of sausage meat and coated it round a wireand laid it on a charcoal fire to cook.
when it was done, he laid itaside and a dog walked sadly in and nipped it.
he smelt it first, andprobably recognized the remains of a friend.
the cook took it away fromhim and laid it before us.
jack said, "i pass"--he plays euchresometimes--and we all passed in turn.
then the cook baked a broad, flat,wheaten cake, greased it well with the sausage, and started towards uswith it.
it dropped in the dirt, and he picked it up and polished it onhis breeches, and laid it before us.
jack said, "i pass."
he put some eggs in a frying pan, and stood pensively pryingslabs of meat from between his teeth with a fork.
then he used the forkto turn the eggs with--and brought them along.
jack said "pass again."
all followed suit.
we did not know what to do, and so we ordered a newration of sausage.
the cook got out his wire, apportioned a properamount of sausage-meat, spat it on his hands and fell to work!
thistime, with one accord, we all passed out.
we paid and left.
that isall i learned about turkish lunches.
a turkish lunch is good, no doubt,but it has its little drawbacks.
when i think how i have been swindled by books of oriental travel, i wanta tourist for breakfast.
for years and years i have dreamed of thewonders of the turkish bath; for years and years i have promised myselfthat i would yet enjoy one.
many and many a time, in fancy, i have lainin the marble bath, and breathed the slumbrous fragrance of easternspices that filled the air; then passed through a weird and complicatedsystem of pulling and hauling, and drenching and scrubbing, by a gang ofnaked savages who loomed vast and vaguely through the steaming mists,like demons; then rested for a while on a divan fit for a king; thenpassed through another complex ordeal, and one more fearful than thefirst; and, finally, swathed in soft fabrics, been conveyed to a princelysaloon and laid on a bed of eider down, where eunuchs, gorgeous ofcostume, fanned me while i drowsed and dreamed, or contentedly gazed atthe rich hangings of the apartment, the soft carpets, the sumptuousfurniture, the pictures, and drank delicious coffee, smoked the soothingnarghili, and dropped, at the last, into tranquil repose, lulled bysensuous odors from unseen censers, by the gentle influence of thenarghili's persian tobacco, and by the music of fountains thatcounterfeited the pattering of summer rain.
that was the picture, just as i got it from incendiary books of travel.
it was a poor, miserable imposture.
the reality is no more like it thanthe five points are like the garden of eden.
they received me in a greatcourt, paved with marble slabs; around it were broad galleries, one aboveanother, carpeted with seedy matting, railed with unpainted balustrades,and furnished with huge rickety chairs, cushioned with rusty oldmattresses, indented with impressions left by the forms of ninesuccessive generations of men who had reposed upon them.
the place wasvast, naked, dreary; its court a barn, its galleries stalls for humanhorses.
the cadaverous, half nude varlets that served in theestablishment had nothing of poetry in their appearance, nothing ofromance, nothing of oriental splendor.
they shed no entrancing odors--just the contrary.
their hungry eyes and their lank forms continuallysuggested one glaring, unsentimental fact--they wanted what they term incalifornia "a square meal."
i went into one of the racks and undressed.
an unclean starvelingwrapped a gaudy table-cloth about his loins, and hung a white rag over myshoulders.
if i had had a tub then, it would have come natural to me totake in washing.
i was then conducted down stairs into the wet, slipperycourt, and the first things that attracted my attention were my heels.
my fall excited no comment.
they expected it, no doubt.
it belonged inthe list of softening, sensuous influences peculiar to this home ofeastern luxury.
it was softening enough, certainly, but its applicationwas not happy.
they now gave me a pair of wooden clogs--benches inminiature, with leather straps over them to confine my feet (which theywould have done, only i do not wear no.
these things dangleduncomfortably by the straps when i lifted up my feet, and came down inawkward and unexpected places when i put them on the floor again, andsometimes turned sideways and wrenched my ankles out of joint.
however,it was all oriental luxury, and i did what i could to enjoy it.
they put me in another part of the barn and laid me on a stuffy sort ofpallet, which was not made of cloth of gold, or persian shawls, but wasmerely the unpretending sort of thing i have seen in the negro quartersof arkansas.
there was nothing whatever in this dim marble prison butfive more of these biers.
it was a very solemn place.
i expected thatthe spiced odors of araby were going to steal over my senses now, butthey did not.
a copper-colored skeleton, with a rag around him, broughtme a glass decanter of water, with a lighted tobacco pipe in the top ofit, and a pliant stem a yard long, with a brass mouth-piece to it.
it was the famous "narghili" of the east--the thing the grand turk smokesin the pictures.
this began to look like luxury.
i took one blast atit, and it was sufficient; the smoke went in a great volume down into mystomach, my lungs, even into the uttermost parts of my frame.
i explodedone mighty cough, and it was as if vesuvius had let go.
for the nextfive minutes i smoked at every pore, like a frame house that is on fireon the inside.
not any more narghili for me.
the smoke had a viletaste, and the taste of a thousand infidel tongues that remained on thatbrass mouthpiece was viler still.
i was getting discouraged.
whenever,hereafter, i see the cross-legged grand turk smoking his narghili, inpretended bliss, on the outside of a paper of connecticut tobacco, ishall know him for the shameless humbug he is.
this prison was filled with hot air.
when i had got warmed upsufficiently to prepare me for a still warmer temperature, they took mewhere it was--into a marble room, wet, slippery and steamy, and laid meout on a raised platform in the centre.
it was very warm.
presently myman sat me down by a tank of hot water, drenched me well, gloved his handwith a coarse mitten, and began to polish me all over with it.
i beganto smell disagreeably.
the more he polished the worse i smelt.
i said to him:"i perceive that i am pretty far gone.
it is plain that i ought to beburied without any unnecessary delay.
perhaps you had better go after myfriends at once, because the weather is warm, and i can not 'keep' long."
he went on scrubbing, and paid no attention.
i soon saw that he wasreducing my size.
he bore hard on his mitten, and from under it rolledlittle cylinders, like maccaroni.
it could not be dirt, for it was toowhite.
he pared me down in this way for a long time.
finally i said:"it is a tedious process.
it will take hours to trim me to the size youwant me; i will wait; go and borrow a jack-plane."
he paid no attention at all.
after a while he brought a basin, some soap, and something that seemed tobe the tail of a horse.
he made up a prodigious quantity of soap-suds,deluged me with them from head to foot, without warning me to shut myeyes, and then swabbed me viciously with the horse-tail.
then he left methere, a snowy statue of lather, and went away.
when i got tired ofwaiting i went and hunted him up.
he was propped against the wall, inanother room, asleep.
i woke him.
he was not disconcerted.
he took meback and flooded me with hot water, then turbaned my head, swathed mewith dry table-cloths, and conducted me to a latticed chicken-coop in oneof the galleries, and pointed to one of those arkansas beds.
i mountedit, and vaguely expected the odors of araby a gain.
they did not come.
the blank, unornamented coop had nothing about it of that orientalvoluptuousness one reads of so much.
it was more suggestive of thecounty hospital than any thing else.
the skinny servitor brought anarghili, and i got him to take it out again without wasting any timeabout it.
then he brought the world-renowned turkish coffee that poetshave sung so rapturously for many generations, and i seized upon it asthe last hope that was left of my old dreams of eastern luxury.
it wasanother fraud.
of all the unchristian beverages that ever passed mylips, turkish coffee is the worst.
the cup is small, it is smeared withgrounds; the coffee is black, thick, unsavory of smell, and execrable intaste.
the bottom of the cup has a muddy sediment in it half an inchdeep.
this goes down your throat, and portions of it lodge by the way,and produce a tickling aggravation that keeps you barking and coughingfor an hour.
here endeth my experience of the celebrated turkish bath, and here alsoendeth my dream of the bliss the mortal revels in who passes through it.
it is a malignant swindle.
the man who enjoys it is qualified to enjoyany thing that is repulsive to sight or sense, and he that can invest itwith a charm of poetry is able to do the same with any thing else in theworld that is tedious, and wretched, and dismal, and nasty.
we left a dozen passengers in constantinople, and sailed through thebeautiful bosporus and far up into the black sea.
we left them in theclutches of the celebrated turkish guide, "far-away moses," who willseduce them into buying a ship-load of ottar of roses, splendid turkishvestments, and all manner of curious things they can never have any usefor.
murray's invaluable guide-books have mentioned 'far-away moses'name, and he is a made man.
he rejoices daily in the fact that he is arecognized celebrity.
however, we can not alter our established customsto please the whims of guides; we can not show partialities this late inthe day.
therefore, ignoring this fellow's brilliant fame, and ignoringthe fanciful name he takes such pride in, we called him ferguson, just aswe had done with all other guides.
it has kept him in a state ofsmothered exasperation all the time.
yet we meant him no harm.
after hehas gotten himself up regardless of expense, in showy, baggy trowsers,yellow, pointed slippers, fiery fez, silken jacket of blue, voluminouswaist-sash of fancy persian stuff filled with a battery of silver-mountedhorse-pistols, and has strapped on his terrible scimitar, he considers itan unspeakable humiliation to be called ferguson.
it can not be helped.
all guides are fergusons to us.
we can not master their dreadful foreignnames.
sebastopol is probably the worst battered town in russia or any whereelse.
but we ought to be pleased with it, nevertheless, for we have beenin no country yet where we have been so kindly received, and where wefelt that to be americans was a sufficient visa for our passports.
themoment the anchor was down, the governor of the town immediatelydispatched an officer on board to inquire if he could be of anyassistance to us, and to invite us to make ourselves at home insebastopol!
if you know russia, you know that this was a wild stretch ofhospitality.
they are usually so suspicious of strangers that they worrythem excessively with the delays and aggravations incident to acomplicated passport system.
had we come from any other country we couldnot have had permission to enter sebastopol and leave again under threedays--but as it was, we were at liberty to go and come when and where wepleased.
every body in constantinople warned us to be very careful aboutour passports, see that they were strictly 'en regle', and never tomislay them for a moment: and they told us of numerous instances ofenglishmen and others who were delayed days, weeks, and even months, insebastopol, on account of trifling informalities in their passports, andfor which they were not to blame.
i had lost my passport, and wastraveling under my room-mate's, who stayed behind in constantinople toawait our return.
to read the description of him in that passport andthen look at me, any man could see that i was no more like him than i amlike hercules.
so i went into the harbor of sebastopol with fear andtrembling--full of a vague, horrible apprehension that i was going to befound out and hanged.
but all that time my true passport had beenfloating gallantly overhead--and behold it was only our flag.
they neverasked us for any other.
we have had a great many russian and english gentlemen and ladies onboard to-day, and the time has passed cheerfully away.
they were allhappy-spirited people, and i never heard our mother tongue sound sopleasantly as it did when it fell from those english lips in this far-offland.
i talked to the russians a good deal, just to be friendly, andthey talked to me from the same motive; i am sure that both enjoyed theconversation, but never a word of it either of us understood.
i did mostof my talking to those english people though, and i am sorry we can notcarry some of them along with us.
we have gone whithersoever we chose, to-day, and have met with nothingbut the kindest attentions.
nobody inquired whether we had any passportsor not.
several of the officers of the government have suggested that we take theship to a little watering-place thirty miles from here, and pay theemperor of russia a visit.
he is rusticating there.
these officers saidthey would take it upon themselves to insure us a cordial reception.
they said if we would go, they would not only telegraph the emperor, butsend a special courier overland to announce our coming.
our time is soshort, though, and more especially our coal is so nearly out, that wejudged it best to forego the rare pleasure of holding social intercoursewith an emperor.
ruined pompeii is in good condition compared to sebastopol.
here, youmay look in whatsoever direction you please, and your eye encountersscarcely any thing but ruin, ruin, ruin!--fragments of houses, crumbledwalls, torn and ragged hills, devastation every where!
it is as if amighty earthquake had spent all its terrible forces upon this one littlespot.
for eighteen long months the storms of war beat upon the helplesstown, and left it at last the saddest wreck that ever the sun has lookedupon.
not one solitary house escaped unscathed--not one remainedhabitable, even.
such utter and complete ruin one could hardly conceiveof.
the houses had all been solid, dressed stone structures; most ofthem were ploughed through and through by cannon balls--unroofed andsliced down from eaves to foundation--and now a row of them, half a milelong, looks merely like an endless procession of battered chimneys.
nosemblance of a house remains in such as these.
some of the largerbuildings had corners knocked off; pillars cut in two; cornices smashed;holes driven straight through the walls.
many of these holes are asround and as cleanly cut as if they had been made with an auger.
othersare half pierced through, and the clean impression is there in the rock,as smooth and as shapely as if it were done in putty.
here and there aball still sticks in a wall, and from it iron tears trickle down anddiscolor the stone.
the battle-fields were pretty close together.
the malakoff tower is ona hill which is right in the edge of the town.
the redan was withinrifle-shot of the malakoff; inkerman was a mile away; and balaklavaremoved but an hour's ride.
the french trenches, by which theyapproached and invested the malakoff were carried so close under itssloping sides that one might have stood by the russian guns and tossed astone into them.
repeatedly, during three terrible days, they swarmed upthe little malakoff hill, and were beaten back with terrible slaughter.
finally, they captured the place, and drove the russians out, who thentried to retreat into the town, but the english had taken the redan, andshut them off with a wall of flame; there was nothing for them to do butgo back and retake the malakoff or die under its guns.
they did goback; they took the malakoff and retook it two or three times, but theirdesperate valor could not avail, and they had to give up at last.
these fearful fields, where such tempests of death used to rage, arepeaceful enough now; no sound is heard, hardly a living thing moves aboutthem, they are lonely and silent--their desolation is complete.
there was nothing else to do, and so every body went to hunting relics.
they have stocked the ship with them.
they brought them from themalakoff, from the redan, inkerman, balaklava--every where.
they havebrought cannon balls, broken ramrods, fragments of shell--iron enough tofreight a sloop.
some have even brought bones--brought them laboriouslyfrom great distances, and were grieved to hear the surgeon pronounce themonly bones of mules and oxen.
i knew blucher would not lose anopportunity like this.
he brought a sack full on board and was going foranother.
i prevailed upon him not to go.
he has already turned hisstate-room into a museum of worthless trumpery, which he has gathered upin his travels.
he is labeling his trophies, now.
i picked up one awhile ago, and found it marked "fragment of a russian general."
icarried it out to get a better light upon it--it was nothing but a coupleof teeth and part of the jaw-bone of a horse.
i said with some asperity:"fragment of a russian general!
this is absurd.
are you never going tolearn any sense?"
he only said: "go slow--the old woman won't know any different."
this person gathers mementoes with a perfect recklessness, now-a-days;mixes them all up together, and then serenely labels them without anyregard to truth, propriety, or even plausibility.
i have found himbreaking a stone in two, and labeling half of it "chunk busted from thepulpit of demosthenes," and the other half "darnick from the tomb ofabelard and heloise."
i have known him to gather up a handful of pebblesby the roadside, and bring them on board ship and label them as comingfrom twenty celebrated localities five hundred miles apart.
iremonstrate against these outrages upon reason and truth, of course, butit does no good.
i get the same tranquil, unanswerable reply every time:"it don't signify--the old woman won't know any different."
ever since we three or four fortunate ones made the midnight trip toathens, it has afforded him genuine satisfaction to give every body inthe ship a pebble from the mars-hill where st. paul preached.
he got allthose pebbles on the sea shore, abreast the ship, but professes to havegathered them from one of our party.
however, it is not of any use forme to expose the deception--it affords him pleasure, and does no harm toany body.
he says he never expects to run out of mementoes of st. paulas long as he is in reach of a sand-bank.
well, he is no worse thanothers.
i notice that all travelers supply deficiencies in theircollections in the same way.
i shall never have any confidence in suchthings again while i live.
we have got so far east, now--a hundred and fifty-five degrees oflongitude from san francisco--that my watch can not "keep the hang" ofthe time any more.
it has grown discouraged, and stopped.
i think itdid a wise thing.
the difference in time between sebastopol and thepacific coast is enormous.
when it is six o'clock in the morning here,it is somewhere about week before last in california.
we are excusablefor getting a little tangled as to time.
these distractions anddistresses about the time have worried me so much that i was afraid mymind was so much affected that i never would have any appreciation oftime again; but when i noticed how handy i was yet about comprehendingwhen it was dinner-time, a blessed tranquillity settled down upon me, andi am tortured with doubts and fears no more.
odessa is about twenty hours' run from sebastopol, and is the mostnortherly port in the black sea.
we came here to get coal, principally.
the city has a population of one hundred and thirty-three thousand, andis growing faster than any other small city out of america.
it is a freeport, and is the great grain mart of this particular part of the world.
its roadstead is full of ships.
engineers are at work, now, turning theopen roadstead into a spacious artificial harbor.
it is to be almostinclosed by massive stone piers, one of which will extend into the seaover three thousand feet in a straight line.
i have not felt so much at home for a long time as i did when i "raisedthe hill" and stood in odessa for the first time.
it looked just like anamerican city; fine, broad streets, and straight as well; low houses,(two or three stories,) wide, neat, and free from any quaintness ofarchitectural ornamentation; locust trees bordering the sidewalks (theycall them acacias;) a stirring, business-look about the streets and thestores; fast walkers; a familiar new look about the houses and everything; yea, and a driving and smothering cloud of dust that was so like amessage from our own dear native land that we could hardly refrain fromshedding a few grateful tears and execrations in the old time-honoredamerican way.
look up the street or down the street, this way or thatway, we saw only america!
there was not one thing to remind us that wewere in russia.
we walked for some little distance, reveling in thishome vision, and then we came upon a church and a hack-driver, andpresto!
the illusion vanished!
the church had a slender-spired dome thatrounded inward at its base, and looked like a turnip turned upside down,and the hackman seemed to be dressed in a long petticoat with out anyhoops.
these things were essentially foreign, and so were the carriages--but every body knows about these things, and there is no occasion formy describing them.
we were only to stay here a day and a night and take in coal; weconsulted the guide-books and were rejoiced to know that there were nosights in odessa to see; and so we had one good, untrammeled holyday onour hands, with nothing to do but idle about the city and enjoyourselves.
we sauntered through the markets and criticised the fearfuland wonderful costumes from the back country; examined the populace asfar as eyes could do it; and closed the entertainment with an ice-creamdebauch.
we do not get ice-cream every where, and so, when we do, we areapt to dissipate to excess.
we never cared any thing about ice-cream athome, but we look upon it with a sort of idolatry now that it is soscarce in these red-hot climates of the east.
we only found two pieces of statuary, and this was another blessing.
onewas a bronze image of the duc de richelieu, grand-nephew of the splendidcardinal.
it stood in a spacious, handsome promenade, overlooking thesea, and from its base a vast flight of stone steps led down to theharbor--two hundred of them, fifty feet long, and a wide landing at thebottom of every twenty.
it is a noble staircase, and from a distance thepeople toiling up it looked like insects.
i mention this statue and thisstairway because they have their story.
richelieu founded odessa--watched over it with paternal care--labored with a fertile brain and awise understanding for its best interests--spent his fortune freely tothe same end--endowed it with a sound prosperity, and one which will yetmake it one of the great cities of the old world--built this noblestairway with money from his own private purse--and--.
well, the peoplefor whom he had done so much, let him walk down these same steps, oneday, unattended, old, poor, without a second coat to his back; and when,years afterwards, he died in sebastopol in poverty and neglect, theycalled a meeting, subscribed liberally, and immediately erected thistasteful monument to his memory, and named a great street after him.
it reminds me of what robert burns' mother said when they erected astately monument to his memory: "ah, robbie, ye asked them for bread andthey hae gi'en ye a stane."
the people of odessa have warmly recommended us to go and call on theemperor, as did the sebastopolians.
they have telegraphed his majesty,and he has signified his willingness to grant us an audience.
so we aregetting up the anchors and preparing to sail to his watering-place.
whata scratching around there will be, now!
what a holding of importantmeetings and appointing of solemn committees!--and what a furbishing upof claw-hammer coats and white silk neck-ties!
as this fearful ordeal weare about to pass through pictures itself to my fancy in all its dreadsublimity, i begin to feel my fierce desire to converse with a genuineemperor cooling down and passing away.
what am i to do with my hands?
what am i to do with my feet?
what in the world am i to do with myself?
we anchored here at yalta, russia, two or three days ago.
to me theplace was a vision of the sierras.
the tall, gray mountains that backit, their sides bristling with pines--cloven with ravines--here and therea hoary rock towering into view--long, straight streaks sweeping downfrom the summit to the sea, marking the passage of some avalanche offormer times--all these were as like what one sees in the sierras as ifthe one were a portrait of the other.
the little village of yaltanestles at the foot of an amphitheatre which slopes backward and upwardto the wall of hills, and looks as if it might have sunk quietly down toits present position from a higher elevation.
this depression is coveredwith the great parks and gardens of noblemen, and through the mass ofgreen foliage the bright colors of their palaces bud out here and therelike flowers.
it is a beautiful spot.
we had the united states consul on board--the odessa consul.
weassembled in the cabin and commanded him to tell us what we must do to besaved, and tell us quickly.
he made a speech.
the first thing he saidfell like a blight on every hopeful spirit: he had never seen a courtreception.
(three groans for the consul.)
but he said he had seenreceptions at the governor general's in odessa, and had often listened topeople's experiences of receptions at the russian and other courts, andbelieved he knew very well what sort of ordeal we were about to essay.
(hope budded again.)
he said we were many; the summer palace was small--a mere mansion; doubtless we should be received in summer fashion--in thegarden; we would stand in a row, all the gentlemen in swallow-tail coats,white kids, and white neck-ties, and the ladies in light-colored silks,or something of that kind; at the proper moment--12 meridian--theemperor, attended by his suite arrayed in splendid uniforms, would appearand walk slowly along the line, bowing to some, and saying two or threewords to others.
at the moment his majesty appeared, a universal,delighted, enthusiastic smile ought to break out like a rash among thepassengers--a smile of love, of gratification, of admiration--and withone accord, the party must begin to bow--not obsequiously, butrespectfully, and with dignity; at the end of fifteen minutes the emperorwould go in the house, and we could run along home again.
we feltimmensely relieved.
it seemed, in a manner, easy.
there was not a manin the party but believed that with a little practice he could stand in arow, especially if there were others along; there was not a man butbelieved he could bow without tripping on his coat tail and breaking hisneck; in a word, we came to believe we were equal to any item in theperformance except that complicated smile.
the consul also said we oughtto draft a little address to the emperor, and present it to one of hisaides-de-camp, who would forward it to him at the proper time.
therefore, five gentlemen were appointed to prepare the document, and thefifty others went sadly smiling about the ship--practicing.
during thenext twelve hours we had the general appearance, somehow, of being at afuneral, where every body was sorry the death had occurred, but glad itwas over--where every body was smiling, and yet broken-hearted.
a committee went ashore to wait on his excellency the governor-general,and learn our fate.
at the end of three hours of boding suspense, theycame back and said the emperor would receive us at noon the next day--would send carriages for us--would hear the address in person.
the grandduke michael had sent to invite us to his palace also.
any man could seethat there was an intention here to show that russia's friendship foramerica was so genuine as to render even her private citizens objectsworthy of kindly attentions.
at the appointed hour we drove out three miles, and assembled in thehandsome garden in front of the emperor's palace.
we formed a circle under the trees before the door, for there was no oneroom in the house able to accommodate our three-score personscomfortably, and in a few minutes the imperial family came out bowing andsmiling, and stood in our midst.
a number of great dignitaries of theempire, in undress unit forms, came with them.
with every bow, hismajesty said a word of welcome.
i copy these speeches.
there ischaracter in them--russian character--which is politeness itself, and thegenuine article.
the french are polite, but it is often mere ceremoniouspoliteness.
a russian imbues his polite things with a heartiness, bothof phrase and expression, that compels belief in their sincerity.
as iwas saying, the czar punctuated his speeches with bows:"good morning--i am glad to see you--i am gratified--i am delighted--i amhappy to receive you!"
all took off their hats, and the consul inflicted the address on him.
hebore it with unflinching fortitude; then took the rusty-looking documentand handed it to some great officer or other, to be filed away among thearchives of russia--in the stove.
he thanked us for the address, andsaid he was very much pleased to see us, especially as such friendlyrelations existed between russia and the united states.
the empress saidthe americans were favorites in russia, and she hoped the russians weresimilarly regarded in america.
these were all the speeches that weremade, and i recommend them to parties who present policemen with goldwatches, as models of brevity and point.
after this the empress went andtalked sociably (for an empress) with various ladies around the circle;several gentlemen entered into a disjointed general conversation with theemperor; the dukes and princes, admirals and maids of honor dropped intofree-and-easy chat with first one and then another of our party, andwhoever chose stepped forward and spoke with the modest little grandduchess marie, the czar's daughter.
she is fourteen years old,light-haired, blue-eyed, unassuming and pretty.
every body talksenglish.
the emperor wore a cap, frock coat and pantaloons, all of some kind ofplain white drilling--cotton or linen and sported no jewelry or anyinsignia whatever of rank.
no costume could be less ostentatious.
he isvery tall and spare, and a determined-looking man, though a verypleasant-looking one nevertheless.
it is easy to see that he is kind andaffectionate there is something very noble in his expression when his capis off.
there is none of that cunning in his eye that all of us noticedin louis napoleon's.
the empress and the little grand duchess wore simple suits of foulard(or foulard silk, i don't know which is proper,) with a small blue spotin it; the dresses were trimmed with blue; both ladies wore broad bluesashes about their waists; linen collars and clerical ties of muslin;low-crowned straw-hats trimmed with blue velvet; parasols andflesh-colored gloves.
the grand duchess had no heels on her shoes.
ido not know this of my own knowledge, but one of our ladies told me so.
i was not looking at her shoes.
i was glad to observe that she wore herown hair, plaited in thick braids against the back of her head, insteadof the uncomely thing they call a waterfall, which is about as much likea waterfall as a canvas-covered ham is like a cataract.
taking the kindexpression that is in the emperor's face and the gentleness that is inhis young daughter's into consideration, i wondered if it would not taxthe czar's firmness to the utmost to condemn a supplicating wretch tomisery in the wastes of siberia if she pleaded for him.
every timetheir eyes met, i saw more and more what a tremendous power that weak,diffident school-girl could wield if she chose to do it.
many and manya time she might rule the autocrat of russia, whose lightest word is lawto seventy millions of human beings!
she was only a girl, and shelooked like a thousand others i have seen, but never a girl provokedsuch a novel and peculiar interest in me before.
a strange, newsensation is a rare thing in this hum-drum life, and i had it here.
there was nothing stale or worn out about the thoughts and feelings thesituation and the circumstances created.
it seemed strange--strangerthan i can tell--to think that the central figure in the cluster of menand women, chatting here under the trees like the most ordinaryindividual in the land, was a man who could open his lips and shipswould fly through the waves, locomotives would speed over the plains,couriers would hurry from village to village, a hundred telegraphs wouldflash the word to the four corners of an empire that stretches its vastproportions over a seventh part of the habitable globe, and a countlessmultitude of men would spring to do his bidding.
i had a sort of vaguedesire to examine his hands and see if they were of flesh and blood,like other men's.
here was a man who could do this wonderful thing, andyet if i chose i could knock him down.
the case was plain, but itseemed preposterous, nevertheless--as preposterous as trying to knockdown a mountain or wipe out a continent.
if this man sprained hisankle, a million miles of telegraph would carry the news over mountains--valleys--uninhabited deserts--under the trackless sea--and ten thousandnewspapers would prate of it; if he were grievously ill, all the nationswould know it before the sun rose again; if he dropped lifeless where hestood, his fall might shake the thrones of half a world!
if i couldhave stolen his coat, i would have done it.
when i meet a man likethat, i want something to remember him by.
as a general thing, we have been shown through palaces by someplush-legged filagreed flunkey or other, who charged a franc for it; butafter talking with the company half an hour, the emperor of russia andhis family conducted us all through their mansion themselves.
they madeno charge.
they seemed to take a real pleasure in it.
we spent half an hour idling through the palace, admiring the cosyapartments and the rich but eminently home-like appointments of theplace, and then the imperial family bade our party a kind good-bye, andproceeded to count the spoons.
an invitation was extended to us to visit the palace of the eldest son,the crown prince of russia, which was near at hand.
the young man wasabsent, but the dukes and countesses and princes went over the premiseswith us as leisurely as was the case at the emperor's, and conversationcontinued as lively as ever.
it was a little after one o'clock, now.
we drove to the grand dukemichael's, a mile away, in response to his invitation, previously given.
we arrived in twenty minutes from the emperor's.
it is a lovely place.
the beautiful palace nestles among the grand old groves of the park, thepark sits in the lap of the picturesque crags and hills, and both lookout upon the breezy ocean.
in the park are rustic seats, here and there,in secluded nooks that are dark with shade; there are rivulets of crystalwater; there are lakelets, with inviting, grassy banks; there areglimpses of sparkling cascades through openings in the wilderness offoliage; there are streams of clear water gushing from mimic knots on thetrunks of forest trees; there are miniature marble temples perched upongray old crags; there are airy lookouts whence one may gaze upon a broadexpanse of landscape and ocean.
the palace is modeled after the choicestforms of grecian architecture, and its wide colonnades surround a centralcourt that is banked with rare flowers that fill the place with theirfragrance, and in their midst springs a fountain that cools the summerair, and may possibly breed mosquitoes, but i do not think it does.
the grand duke and his duchess came out, and the presentation ceremonieswere as simple as they had been at the emperor's.
in a few minutes,conversation was under way, as before.
the empress appeared in theverandah, and the little grand duchess came out into the crowd.
they hadbeaten us there.
in a few minutes, the emperor came himself onhorseback.
it was very pleasant.
you can appreciate it if you have evervisited royalty and felt occasionally that possibly you might be wearingout your welcome--though as a general thing, i believe, royalty is notscrupulous about discharging you when it is done with you.
the grand duke is the third brother of the emperor, is about thirty-sevenyears old, perhaps, and is the princeliest figure in russia.
he is eventaller than the czar, as straight as an indian, and bears himself likeone of those gorgeous knights we read about in romances of the crusades.
he looks like a great-hearted fellow who would pitch an enemy into theriver in a moment, and then jump in and risk his life fishing him outagain.
the stories they tell of him show him to be of a brave andgenerous nature.
he must have been desirous of proving that americanswere welcome guests in the imperial palaces of russia, because he rodeall the way to yalta and escorted our procession to the emperor'shimself, and kept his aids scurrying about, clearing the road andoffering assistance wherever it could be needed.
we were rather familiarwith him then, because we did not know who he was.
we recognized himnow, and appreciated the friendly spirit that prompted him to do us afavor that any other grand duke in the world would have doubtlessdeclined to do.
he had plenty of servitors whom he could have sent, buthe chose to attend to the matter himself.
the grand duke was dressed in the handsome and showy uniform of a cossackofficer.
the grand duchess had on a white alpaca robe, with the seamsand gores trimmed with black barb lace, and a little gray hat with afeather of the same color.
she is young, rather pretty modest andunpretending, and full of winning politeness.
our party walked all through the house, and then the nobility escortedthem all over the grounds, and finally brought them back to the palaceabout half-past two o'clock to breakfast.
they called it breakfast, butwe would have called it luncheon.
it consisted of two kinds of wine;tea, bread, cheese, and cold meats, and was served on the centre-tablesin the reception room and the verandahs--anywhere that was convenient;there was no ceremony.
it was a sort of picnic.
i had heard before thatwe were to breakfast there, but blucher said he believed baker's boy hadsuggested it to his imperial highness.
i think not--though it would belike him.
baker's boy is the famine-breeder of the ship.
he is alwayshungry.
they say he goes about the state-rooms when the passengers areout, and eats up all the soap.
and they say he eats oakum.
they say hewill eat any thing he can get between meals, but he prefers oakum.
hedoes not like oakum for dinner, but he likes it for a lunch, at oddhours, or any thing that way.
it makes him very disagreeable, because itmakes his breath bad, and keeps his teeth all stuck up with tar.
baker'sboy may have suggested the breakfast, but i hope he did not.
it went offwell, anyhow.
the illustrious host moved about from place to place, andhelped to destroy the provisions and keep the conversation lively, andthe grand duchess talked with the verandah parties and such as hadsatisfied their appetites and straggled out from the reception room.
the grand duke's tea was delicious.
they give one a lemon to squeezeinto it, or iced milk, if he prefers it.
the former is best.
this teais brought overland from china.
it injures the article to transport itby sea.
when it was time to go, we bade our distinguished hosts good-bye, andthey retired happy and contented to their apartments to count theirspoons.
we had spent the best part of half a day in the home of royalty, and hadbeen as cheerful and comfortable all the time as we could have been inthe ship.
i would as soon have thought of being cheerful in abraham'sbosom as in the palace of an emperor.
i supposed that emperors wereterrible people.
i thought they never did any thing but wear magnificentcrowns and red velvet dressing-gowns with dabs of wool sewed on them inspots, and sit on thrones and scowl at the flunkies and the people in theparquette, and order dukes and duchesses off to execution.
i find,however, that when one is so fortunate as to get behind the scenes andsee them at home and in the privacy of their firesides, they arestrangely like common mortals.
they are pleasanter to look upon thenthan they are in their theatrical aspect.
it seems to come as natural tothem to dress and act like other people as it is to put a friend's cedarpencil in your pocket when you are done using it.
but i can never haveany confidence in the tinsel kings of the theatre after this.
it will bea great loss.
i used to take such a thrilling pleasure in them.
but,hereafter, i will turn me sadly away and say;"this does not answer--this isn't the style of king that i am acquaintedwith."
when they swagger around the stage in jeweled crowns and splendid robes,i shall feel bound to observe that all the emperors that ever i waspersonally acquainted with wore the commonest sort of clothes, and didnot swagger.
and when they come on the stage attended by a vastbody-guard of supes in helmets and tin breastplates, it will be my dutyas well as my pleasure to inform the ignorant that no crowned head of myacquaintance has a soldier any where about his house or his person.
possibly it may be thought that our party tarried too long, or did otherimproper things, but such was not the case.
the company felt that theywere occupying an unusually responsible position--they were representingthe people of america, not the government--and therefore they werecareful to do their best to perform their high mission with credit.
on the other hand, the imperial families, no doubt, considered that inentertaining us they were more especially entertaining the people ofamerica than they could by showering attentions on a whole platoon ofministers plenipotentiary and therefore they gave to the event itsfullest significance, as an expression of good will and friendly feelingtoward the entire country.
we took the kindnesses we received asattentions thus directed, of course, and not to ourselves as a party.
that we felt a personal pride in being received as the representatives ofa nation, we do not deny; that we felt a national pride in the warmcordiality of that reception, can not be doubted.
our poet has been rigidly suppressed, from the time we let go the anchor.
when it was announced that we were going to visit the emperor of russia,the fountains of his great deep were broken up, and he rained ineffablebosh for four-and-twenty hours.
our original anxiety as to what we weregoing to do with ourselves, was suddenly transformed into anxiety aboutwhat we were going to do with our poet.
the problem was solved at last.
two alternatives were offered him--he must either swear a dreadful oaththat he would not issue a line of his poetry while he was in the czar'sdominions, or else remain under guard on board the ship until we weresafe at constantinople again.
he fought the dilemma long, but yielded atlast.
it was a great deliverance.
perhaps the savage reader would likea specimen of his style.
i do not mean this term to be offensive.
ionly use it because "the gentle reader" has been used so often that anychange from it can not but be refreshing:          "save us and sanctify us, and finally, then,          see good provisions we enjoy while we journey to jerusalem.
for so man proposes, which it is most true          and time will wait for none, nor for us too."
the sea has been unusually rough all day.
however, we have had alively time of it, anyhow.
we have had quite a run of visitors.
thegovernor-general came, and we received him with a salute of nine guns.
he brought his family with him.
i observed that carpets were spreadfrom the pier-head to his carriage for him to walk on, though i haveseen him walk there without any carpet when he was not on business.
ithought may be he had what the accidental insurance people might call anextra-hazardous polish ("policy" joke, but not above mediocrity,) on hisboots, and wished to protect them, but i examined and could not see thatthey were blacked any better than usual.
it may have been that he hadforgotten his carpet, before, but he did not have it with him, anyhow.
he was an exceedingly pleasant old gentleman; we all liked him,especially blucher.
when he went away, blucher invited him to comeagain and fetch his carpet along.
prince dolgorouki and a grand admiral or two, whom we had seen yesterdayat the reception, came on board also.
i was a little distant with theseparties, at first, because when i have been visiting emperors i do notlike to be too familiar with people i only know by reputation, and whosemoral characters and standing in society i can not be thoroughlyacquainted with.
i judged it best to be a little offish, at first.
isaid to myself, princes and counts and grand admirals are very well, butthey are not emperors, and one can not be too particular about who heassociates with.
baron wrangel came, also.
he used to be russian ambassador atwashington.
i told him i had an uncle who fell down a shaft and brokehimself in two, as much as a year before that.
that was a falsehood, butthen i was not going to let any man eclipse me on surprising adventures,merely for the want of a little invention.
the baron is a fine man, andis said to stand high in the emperor's confidence and esteem.
baron ungern-sternberg, a boisterous, whole-souled old nobleman, camewith the rest.
he is a man of progress and enterprise--a representativeman of the age.
he is the chief director of the railway system ofrussia--a sort of railroad king.
in his line he is making things movealong in this country he has traveled extensively in america.
he says hehas tried convict labor on his railroads, and with perfect success.
hesays the convicts work well, and are quiet and peaceable.
he observedthat he employs nearly ten thousand of them now.
this appeared to be another call on my resources.
i was equal to theemergency.
i said we had eighty thousand convicts employed on therailways in america--all of them under sentence of death for murder inthe first degree.
that closed him out.
we had general todtleben (the famous defender of sebastopol, during thesiege,) and many inferior army and also navy officers, and a number ofunofficial russian ladies and gentlemen.
naturally, a champagne luncheonwas in order, and was accomplished without loss of life.
toasts andjokes were discharged freely, but no speeches were made save one thankingthe emperor and the grand duke, through the governor-general, for ourhospitable reception, and one by the governor-general in reply, in whichhe returned the emperor's thanks for the speech, etc., etc.
we returned to constantinople, and after a day or two spent in exhaustingmarches about the city and voyages up the golden horn in caiques, westeamed away again.
we passed through the sea of marmora and thedardanelles, and steered for a new land--a new one to us, at least--asia.
we had as yet only acquired a bowing acquaintance with it, throughpleasure excursions to scutari and the regions round about.
we passed between lemnos and mytilene, and saw them as we had seen elbaand the balearic isles--mere bulky shapes, with the softening mists ofdistance upon them--whales in a fog, as it were.
then we held our coursesouthward, and began to "read up" celebrated smyrna.
at all hours of the day and night the sailors in the forecastle amusedthemselves and aggravated us by burlesquing our visit to royalty.
theopening paragraph of our address to the emperor was framed as follows:     "we are a handful of private citizens of america, traveling simply     for recreation--and unostentatiously, as becomes our unofficial     state--and, therefore, we have no excuse to tender for presenting     ourselves before your majesty, save the desire of offering our     grateful acknowledgments to the lord of a realm, which, through good     and through evil report, has been the steadfast friend of the land     we love so well."
the third cook, crowned with a resplendent tin basin and wrapped royallyin a table-cloth mottled with grease-spots and coffee stains, and bearinga sceptre that looked strangely like a belaying-pin, walked upon adilapidated carpet and perched himself on the capstan, careless of theflying spray; his tarred and weather-beaten chamberlains, dukes and lordhigh admirals surrounded him, arrayed in all the pomp that sparetarpaulins and remnants of old sails could furnish.
then the visiting"watch below," transformed into graceless ladies and uncouth pilgrims, byrude travesties upon waterfalls, hoopskirts, white kid gloves andswallow-tail coats, moved solemnly up the companion way, and bowing low,began a system of complicated and extraordinary smiling which fewmonarchs could look upon and live.
then the mock consul, aslush-plastered deck-sweep, drew out a soiled fragment of paper andproceeded to read, laboriously:"to his imperial majesty, alexander ii., emperor of russia:"we are a handful of private citizens of america, traveling simply forrecreation,--and unostentatiously, as becomes our unofficial state--andtherefore, we have no excuse to tender for presenting ourselves beforeyour majesty--"the emperor--"then what the devil did you come for?"
--"save the desire of offering our grateful acknowledgments to the lordof a realm which--"the emperor--"oh, d--n the address!--read it to the police.
chamberlain, take these people over to my brother, the grand duke's, andgive them a square meal.
i am happy--i am gratified--i amdelighted--i am bored.
adieu, adieu--vamos the ranch!
the first groomof the palace will proceed to count the portable articles of valuebelonging to the premises."
the farce then closed, to be repeated again with every change of thewatches, and embellished with new and still more extravagant inventionsof pomp and conversation.
at all times of the day and night the phraseology of that tiresomeaddress fell upon our ears.
grimy sailors came down out of the foretopplacidly announcing themselves as "a handful of private citizens ofamerica, traveling simply for recreation and unostentatiously," etc.
; thecoal passers moved to their duties in the profound depths of the ship,explaining the blackness of their faces and their uncouthness of dress,with the reminder that they were "a handful of private citizens,traveling simply for recreation," etc., and when the cry rang through thevessel at midnight: "eight bells!--larboard watch, turn out!"
thelarboard watch came gaping and stretching out of their den, with theeverlasting formula: "aye-aye, sir!
we are a handful of private citizensof america, traveling simply for recreation, and unostentatiously, asbecomes our unofficial state!"
as i was a member of the committee, and helped to frame the address,these sarcasms came home to me.
i never heard a sailor proclaiminghimself as a handful of american citizens traveling for recreation, but iwished he might trip and fall overboard, and so reduce his handful by oneindividual, at least.
i never was so tired of any one phrase as thesailors made me of the opening sentence of the address to the emperor ofrussia.
this seaport of smyrna, our first notable acquaintance in asia, is aclosely packed city of one hundred and thirty thousand inhabitants, and,like constantinople, it has no outskirts.
it is as closely packed at itsouter edges as it is in the centre, and then the habitations leavesuddenly off and the plain beyond seems houseless.
it is just like anyother oriental city.
that is to say, its moslem houses are heavy anddark, and as comfortless as so many tombs; its streets are crooked,rudely and roughly paved, and as narrow as an ordinary staircase; thestreets uniformly carry a man to any other place than the one he wants togo to, and surprise him by landing him in the most unexpected localities;business is chiefly carried on in great covered bazaars, celled like ahoneycomb with innumerable shops no larger than a common closet, and thewhole hive cut up into a maze of alleys about wide enough to accommodatea laden camel, and well calculated to confuse a stranger and eventuallylose him; every where there is dirt, every where there are fleas, everywhere there are lean, broken-hearted dogs; every alley is thronged withpeople; wherever you look, your eye rests upon a wild masquerade ofextravagant costumes; the workshops are all open to the streets, and theworkmen visible; all manner of sounds assail the ear, and over them allrings out the muezzin's cry from some tall minaret, calling the faithfulvagabonds to prayer; and superior to the call to prayer, the noises inthe streets, the interest of the costumes--superior to every thing, andclaiming the bulk of attention first, last, and all the time--is acombination of mohammedan stenches, to which the smell of even a chinesequarter would be as pleasant as the roasting odors of the fatted calf tothe nostrils of the returning prodigal.
such is oriental luxury--such isoriental splendor!
we read about it all our days, but we comprehend itnot until we see it.
smyrna is a very old city.
its name occurs severaltimes in the bible, one or two of the disciples of christ visited it, andhere was located one of the original seven apocalyptic churches spoken ofin revelations.
these churches were symbolized in the scriptures ascandlesticks, and on certain conditions there was a sort of impliedpromise that smyrna should be endowed with a "crown of life."
she was to"be faithful unto death"--those were the terms.
she has not kept up herfaith straight along, but the pilgrims that wander hither consider thatshe has come near enough to it to save her, and so they point to the factthat smyrna to-day wears her crown of life, and is a great city, with agreat commerce and full of energy, while the cities wherein were locatedthe other six churches, and to which no crown of life was promised, havevanished from the earth.
so smyrna really still possesses her crown oflife, in a business point of view.
her career, for eighteen centuries,has been a chequered one, and she has been under the rule of princes ofmany creeds, yet there has been no season during all that time, as far aswe know, (and during such seasons as she was inhabited at all,) that shehas been without her little community of christians "faithful untodeath."
hers was the only church against which no threats were impliedin the revelations, and the only one which survived.
with ephesus, forty miles from here, where was located another of theseven churches, the case was different.
the "candlestick" has beenremoved from ephesus.
her light has been put out.
pilgrims, alwaysprone to find prophecies in the bible, and often where none exist, speakcheerfully and complacently of poor, ruined ephesus as the victim ofprophecy.
and yet there is no sentence that promises, without duequalification, the destruction of the city.
the words are:     "remember, therefore, from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and     do the first works; or else i will come unto thee quickly, and will     remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent."
that is all; the other verses are singularly complimentary to ephesus.
the threat is qualified.
there is no history to show that she did notrepent.
but the cruelest habit the modern prophecy-savans have, is thatone of coolly and arbitrarily fitting the prophetic shirt on to the wrongman.
they do it without regard to rhyme or reason.
both the cases ihave just mentioned are instances in point.
those "prophecies" aredistinctly leveled at the "churches of ephesus, smyrna," etc., and yetthe pilgrims invariably make them refer to the cities instead.
no crownof life is promised to the town of smyrna and its commerce, but to thehandful of christians who formed its "church."
if they were "faithfulunto death," they have their crown now--but no amount of faithfulness andlegal shrewdness combined could legitimately drag the city into aparticipation in the promises of the prophecy.
the stately language ofthe bible refers to a crown of life whose lustre will reflect theday-beams of the endless ages of eternity, not the butterfly existenceof a city built by men's hands, which must pass to dust with thebuilders and be forgotten even in the mere handful of centuriesvouchsafed to the solid world itself between its cradle and its grave.
the fashion of delving out fulfillments of prophecy where that prophecyconsists of mere "ifs," trenches upon the absurd.
suppose, a thousandyears from now, a malarious swamp builds itself up in the shallow harborof smyrna, or something else kills the town; and suppose, also, thatwithin that time the swamp that has filled the renowned harbor of ephesusand rendered her ancient site deadly and uninhabitable to-day, becomeshard and healthy ground; suppose the natural consequence ensues, to wit:that smyrna becomes a melancholy ruin, and ephesus is rebuilt.
whatwould the prophecy-savans say?
they would coolly skip over our age ofthe world, and say: "smyrna was not faithful unto death, and so her crownof life was denied her; ephesus repented, and lo!
her candle-stick wasnot removed.
behold these evidences!
how wonderful is prophecy!"
smyrna has been utterly destroyed six times.
if her crown of life hadbeen an insurance policy, she would have had an opportunity to collect onit the first time she fell.
but she holds it on sufferance and by acomplimentary construction of language which does not refer toher.
six different times, however, i suppose some infatuatedprophecy-enthusiast blundered along and said, to the infinite disgust ofsmyrna and the smyrniotes: "in sooth, here is astounding fulfillment ofprophecy!
smyrna hath not been faithful unto death, and behold hercrown of life is vanished from her head.
verily, these things beastonishing!"
such things have a bad influence.
they provoke worldly men into usinglight conversation concerning sacred subjects.
thick-headed commentatorsupon the bible, and stupid preachers and teachers, work more damage toreligion than sensible, cool-brained clergymen can fight away again, toilas they may.
it is not good judgment to fit a crown of life upon a citywhich has been destroyed six times.
that other class of wiseacres whotwist prophecy in such a manner as to make it promise the destruction anddesolation of the same city, use judgment just as bad, since the city isin a very flourishing condition now, unhappily for them.
these thingsput arguments into the mouth of infidelity.
a portion of the city is pretty exclusively turkish; the jews have aquarter to themselves; the franks another quarter; so, also, with thearmenians.
the armenians, of course, are christians.
their houses arelarge, clean, airy, handsomely paved with black and white squares ofmarble, and in the centre of many of them is a square court, which has init a luxuriant flower-garden and a sparkling fountain; the doors of allthe rooms open on this.
a very wide hall leads to the street door, andin this the women sit, the most of the day.
in the cool of the eveningthey dress up in their best raiment and show themselves at the door.
they are all comely of countenance, and exceedingly neat and cleanly;they look as if they were just out of a band-box.
some of the youngladies--many of them, i may say--are even very beautiful; they average ashade better than american girls--which treasonable words i pray may beforgiven me.
they are very sociable, and will smile back when a strangersmiles at them, bow back when he bows, and talk back if he speaks tothem.
no introduction is required.
an hour's chat at the door with apretty girl one never saw before, is easily obtained, and is verypleasant.
i have tried it.
i could not talk anything but english, andthe girl knew nothing but greek, or armenian, or some such barbaroustongue, but we got along very well.
i find that in cases like these, thefact that you can not comprehend each other isn't much of a drawback.
in that russia n town of yalta i danced an astonishing sort of dance anhour long, and one i had not heard of before, with a very pretty girl,and we talked incessantly, and laughed exhaustingly, and neither one everknew what the other was driving at.
but it was splendid.
there weretwenty people in the set, and the dance was very lively and complicated.
it was complicated enough without me--with me it was more so.
i threw ina figure now and then that surprised those russians.
but i have neverceased to think of that girl.
i have written to her, but i can notdirect the epistle because her name is one of those nine-jointed russianaffairs, and there are not letters enough in our alphabet to hold out.
i am not reckless enough to try to pronounce it when i am awake, but imake a stagger at it in my dreams, and get up with the lockjaw in themorning.
i am fading.
i do not take my meals now, with any sort ofregularity.
her dear name haunts me still in my dreams.
it is awful onteeth.
it never comes out of my mouth but it fetches an old snag alongwith it.
and then the lockjaw closes down and nips off a couple of thelast syllables--but they taste good.
coming through the dardanelles, we saw camel trains on shore with theglasses, but we were never close to one till we got to smyrna.
thesecamels are very much larger than the scrawny specimens one sees in themenagerie.
they stride along these streets, in single file, a dozen in atrain, with heavy loads on their backs, and a fancy-looking negro inturkish costume, or an arab, preceding them on a little donkey andcompletely overshadowed and rendered insignificant by the huge beasts.
to see a camel train laden with the spices of arabia and the rare fabricsof persia come marching through the narrow alleys of the bazaar, amongporters with their burdens, money-changers, lamp-merchants, al-nascharsin the glassware business, portly cross-legged turks smoking the famousnarghili; and the crowds drifting to and fro in the fanciful costumes ofthe east, is a genuine revelation of the orient.
the picture lacksnothing.
it casts you back at once into your forgotten boyhood, andagain you dream over the wonders of the arabian nights; again yourcompanions are princes, your lord is the caliph haroun al raschid, andyour servants are terrific giants and genii that come with smoke andlightning and thunder, and go as a storm goes when they depart!
we inquired, and learned that the lions of smyrna consisted of the ruinsof the ancient citadel, whose broken and prodigious battlements frownupon the city from a lofty hill just in the edge of the town--the mountpagus of scripture, they call it; the site of that one of the sevenapocalyptic churches of asia which was located here in the first centuryof the christian era; and the grave and the place of martyrdom of thevenerable polycarp, who suffered in smyrna for his religion some eighteenhundred years ago.
we took little donkeys and started.
we saw polycarp's tomb, and thenhurried on.
the "seven churches"--thus they abbreviate it--came next on the list.
werode there--about a mile and a half in the sweltering sun--and visited alittle greek church which they said was built upon the ancient site; andwe paid a small fee, and the holy attendant gave each of us a little waxcandle as a remembrancer of the place, and i put mine in my hat and thesun melted it and the grease all ran down the back of my neck; and so nowi have not any thing left but the wick, and it is a sorry and awilted-looking wick at that.
several of us argued as well as we could that the "church" mentioned inthe bible meant a party of christians, and not a building; that the biblespoke of them as being very poor--so poor, i thought, and so subject topersecution (as per polycarp's martyrdom) that in the first place theyprobably could not have afforded a church edifice, and in the secondwould not have dared to build it in the open light of day if they could;and finally, that if they had had the privilege of building it, commonjudgment would have suggested that they build it somewhere near the town.
but the elders of the ship's family ruled us down and scouted ourevidences.
however, retribution came to them afterward.
they found thatthey had been led astray and had gone to the wrong place; they discoveredthat the accepted site is in the city.
riding through the town, we could see marks of the six smyrnas that haveexisted here and been burned up by fire or knocked down by earthquakes.
the hills and the rocks are rent asunder in places, excavations exposegreat blocks of building-stone that have lain buried for ages, and allthe mean houses and walls of modern smyrna along the way are spottedwhite with broken pillars, capitals and fragments of sculptured marblethat once adorned the lordly palaces that were the glory of the city inthe olden time.
the ascent of the hill of the citadel is very steep, and we proceededrather slowly.
but there were matters of interest about us.
in oneplace, five hundred feet above the sea, the perpendicular bank on theupper side of the road was ten or fifteen feet high, and the cut exposedthree veins of oyster shells, just as we have seen quartz veins exposedin the cutting of a road in nevada or montana.
the veins were abouteighteen inches thick and two or three feet apart, and they slanted alongdownward for a distance of thirty feet or more, and then disappearedwhere the cut joined the road.
heaven only knows how far a man mighttrace them by "stripping."
they were clean, nice oyster shells, large,and just like any other oyster shells.
they were thickly massedtogether, and none were scattered above or below the veins.
each one wasa well-defined lead by itself, and without a spur.
my first instinct wasto set up the usual--                                 notice:     "we, the undersigned, claim five claims of two hundred feet each,     (and one for discovery,) on this ledge or lode of oyster-shells,     with all its dips, spurs, angles, variations and sinuosities, and     fifty feet on each side of the same, to work it, etc., etc.,     according to the mining laws of smyrna."
they were such perfectly natural-looking leads that i could hardly keepfrom "taking them up."
among the oyster-shells were mixed many fragmentsof ancient, broken crockery ware.
now how did those masses ofoyster-shells get there?
i can not determine.
broken crockery andoyster-shells are suggestive of restaurants--but then they could havehad no such places away up there on that mountain side in our time,because nobody has lived up there.
a restaurant would not pay in such astony, forbidding, desolate place.
and besides, there were no champagnecorks among the shells.
if there ever was a restaurant there, it musthave been in smyrna's palmy days, when the hills were covered withpalaces.
i could believe in one restaurant, on those terms; but then howabout the three?
did they have restaurants there at three differentperiods of the world?--because there are two or three feet of solidearth between the oyster leads.
evidently, the restaurant solution willnot answer.
the hill might have been the bottom of the sea, once, and been lifted up,with its oyster-beds, by an earthquake--but, then, how about thecrockery?
and moreover, how about three oyster beds, one above another,and thick strata of good honest earth between?
that theory will not do.
it is just possible that this hill is mountararat, and that noah's ark rested here, and he ate oysters and threw theshells overboard.
but that will not do, either.
there are the threelayers again and the solid earth between--and, besides, there were onlyeight in noah's family, and they could not have eaten all these oystersin the two or three months they staid on top of that mountain.
thebeasts--however, it is simply absurd to suppose he did not know any morethan to feed the beasts on oyster suppers.
it is painful--it is even humiliating--but i am reduced at last to oneslender theory: that the oysters climbed up there of their own accord.
but what object could they have had in view?--what did they want upthere?
what could any oyster want to climb a hill for?
to climb a hillmust necessarily be fatiguing and annoying exercise for an oyster.
themost natural conclusion would be that the oysters climbed up there tolook at the scenery.
yet when one comes to reflect upon the nature of anoyster, it seems plain that he does not care for scenery.
an oyster hasno taste for such things; he cares nothing for the beautiful.
an oysteris of a retiring disposition, and not lively--not even cheerful above theaverage, and never enterprising.
but above all, an oyster does not takeany interest in scenery--he scorns it.
what have i arrived at now?
simply at the point i started from, namely, those oyster shells arethere, in regular layers, five hundred feet above the sea, and no manknows how they got there.
i have hunted up the guide-books, and the gistof what they say is this: "they are there, but how they got there is amystery."
twenty-five years ago, a multitude of people in america put on theirascension robes, took a tearful leave of their friends, and made ready tofly up into heaven at the first blast of the trumpet.
but the angel didnot blow it.
miller's resurrection day was a failure.
the milleriteswere disgusted.
i did not suspect that there were millers in asia minor,but a gentleman tells me that they had it all set for the world to cometo an end in smyrna one day about three years ago.
there was muchbuzzing and preparation for a long time previously, and it culminated ina wild excitement at the appointed time.
a vast number of the populaceascended the citadel hill early in the morning, to get out of the way ofthe general destruction, and many of the infatuated closed up their shopsand retired from all earthly business.
but the strange part of it wasthat about three in the afternoon, while this gentleman and his friendswere at dinner in the hotel, a terrific storm of rain, accompanied bythunder and lightning, broke forth and continued with dire fury for twoor three hours.
it was a thing unprecedented in smyrna at that time ofthe year, and scared some of the most skeptical.
the streets ran riversand the hotel floor was flooded with water.
the dinner had to besuspended.
when the storm finished and left every body drenched throughand through, and melancholy and half-drowned, the ascensionists came downfrom the mountain as dry as so many charity-sermons!
they had beenlooking down upon the fearful storm going on below, and really believedthat their proposed destruction of the world was proving a grand success.
a railway here in asia--in the dreamy realm of the orient--in the fabledland of the arabian nights--is a strange thing to think of.
and yet theyhave one already, and are building another.
the present one is wellbuilt and well conducted, by an english company, but is not doing animmense amount of business.
the first year it carried a good manypassengers, but its freight list only comprised eight hundred pounds offigs!
it runs almost to the very gates of ephesus--a town great in all ages ofthe world--a city familiar to readers of the bible, and one which was asold as the very hills when the disciples of christ preached in itsstreets.
it dates back to the shadowy ages of tradition, and was thebirthplace of gods renowned in grecian mythology.
the idea of alocomotive tearing through such a place as this, and waking the phantomsof its old days of romance out of their dreams of dead and gonecenturies, is curious enough.
we journey thither tomorrow to see the celebrated ruins.
this has been a stirring day.
the superintendent of the railway put atrain at our disposal, and did us the further kindness of accompanying usto ephesus and giving to us his watchful care.
we brought sixty scarcelyperceptible donkeys in the freight cars, for we had much ground to goover.
we have seen some of the most grotesque costumes, along the lineof the railroad, that can be imagined.
i am glad that no possiblecombination of words could describe them, for i might then be foolishenough to attempt it.
at ancient ayassalook, in the midst of a forbidding desert, we came uponlong lines of ruined aqueducts, and other remnants of architecturalgrandeur, that told us plainly enough we were nearing what had been ametropolis, once.
we left the train and mounted the donkeys, along withour invited guests--pleasant young gentlemen from the officers' list ofan american man-of-war.
the little donkeys had saddles upon them which were made very high inorder that the rider's feet might not drag the ground.
the preventativedid not work well in the cases of our tallest pilgrims, however.
therewere no bridles--nothing but a single rope, tied to the bit.
it waspurely ornamental, for the donkey cared nothing for it.
if he weredrifting to starboard, you might put your helm down hard the other way,if it were any satisfaction to you to do it, but he would continue todrift to starboard all the same.
there was only one process which couldbe depended on, and it was to get down and lift his rear around until hishead pointed in the right direction, or take him under your arm and carryhim to a part of the road which he could not get out of without climbing.
the sun flamed down as hot as a furnace, and neck-scarfs, veils andumbrellas seemed hardly any protection; they served only to make the longprocession look more than ever fantastic--for be it known the ladies wereall riding astride because they could not stay on the shapeless saddlessidewise, the men were perspiring and out of temper, their feet werebanging against the rocks, the donkeys were capering in every directionbut the right one and being belabored with clubs for it, and every nowand then a broad umbrella would suddenly go down out of the cavalcade,announcing to all that one more pilgrim had bitten the dust.
it was awilder picture than those solitudes had seen for many a day.
no donkeysever existed that were as hard to navigate as these, i think, or that hadso many vile, exasperating instincts.
occasionally we grew so tired andbreathless with fighting them that we had to desist,--and immediately thedonkey would come down to a deliberate walk.
this, with the fatigue, andthe sun, would put a man asleep; and soon as the man was asleep, thedonkey would lie down.
my donkey shall never see his boyhood's homeagain.
he has lain down once too often.
he must die.
we all stood in the vast theatre of ancient ephesus,--the stone-benchedamphitheatre i mean--and had our picture taken.
we looked as properthere as we would look any where, i suppose.
we do not embellish thegeneral desolation of a desert much.
we add what dignity we can to astately ruin with our green umbrellas and jackasses, but it is little.
however, we mean well.
i wish to say a brief word of the aspect of ephesus.
on a high, steep hill, toward the sea, is a gray ruin of ponderous blocksof marble, wherein, tradition says, st. paul was imprisoned eighteencenturies ago.
from these old walls you have the finest view of thedesolate scene where once stood ephesus, the proudest city of ancienttimes, and whose temple of diana was so noble in design, and so exquisiteof workmanship, that it ranked high in the list of the seven wonders ofthe world.
behind you is the sea; in front is a level green valley, (a marsh, infact,) extending far away among the mountains; to the right of the frontview is the old citadel of ayassalook, on a high hill; the ruined mosqueof the sultan selim stands near it in the plain, (this is built over thegrave of st. john, and was formerly christian church); further towardyou is the hill of pion, around whose front is clustered all that remainsof the ruins of ephesus that still stand; divided from it by a narrowvalley is the long, rocky, rugged mountain of coressus.
the scene is apretty one, and yet desolate--for in that wide plain no man can live, andin it is no human habitation.
but for the crumbling arches and monstrouspiers and broken walls that rise from the foot of the hill of pion, onecould not believe that in this place once stood a city whose renown isolder than tradition itself.
it is incredible to reflect that things asfamiliar all over the world to-day as household words, belong in thehistory and in the shadowy legends of this silent, mournful solitude.
we speak of apollo and of diana--they were born here; of themetamorphosis of syrinx into a reed--it was done here; of the great godpan--he dwelt in the caves of this hill of coressus; of the amazons--thiswas their best prized home; of bacchus and hercules both fought thewarlike women here; of the cyclops--they laid the ponderous marble blocksof some of the ruins yonder; of homer--this was one of his manybirthplaces; of cirmon of athens; of alcibiades, lysander, agesilaus--they visited here; so did alexander the great; so did hannibal andantiochus, scipio, lucullus and sylla; brutus, cassius, pompey, cicero,and augustus; antony was a judge in this place, and left his seat in theopen court, while the advocates were speaking, to run after cleopatra,who passed the door; from this city these two sailed on pleasureexcursions, in galleys with silver oars and perfumed sails, and withcompanies of beautiful girls to serve them, and actors and musicians toamuse them; in days that seem almost modern, so remote are they from theearly history of this city, paul the apostle preached the new religionhere, and so did john, and here it is supposed the former was pittedagainst wild beasts, for in 1 corinthians, xv.
32 he says:     "if after the manner of men i have fought with beasts at ephesus,"     &c.,when many men still lived who had seen the christ; here mary magdalendied, and here the virgin mary ended her days with john, albeit rome hassince judged it best to locate her grave elsewhere; six or seven hundredyears ago--almost yesterday, as it were--troops of mail-clad crusadersthronged the streets; and to come down to trifles, we speak of meanderingstreams, and find a new interest in a common word when we discover thatthe crooked river meander, in yonder valley, gave it to our dictionary.
it makes me feel as old as these dreary hills to look down upon thesemoss-hung ruins, this historic desolation.
one may read the scripturesand believe, but he can not go and stand yonder in the ruined theatre andin imagination people it again with the vanished multitudes who mobbedpaul's comrades there and shouted, with one voice, "great is diana of theephesians!"
the idea of a shout in such a solitude as this almost makesone shudder.
it was a wonderful city, this ephesus.
go where you will about thesebroad plains, you find the most exquisitely sculptured marble fragmentsscattered thick among the dust and weeds; and protruding from the ground,or lying prone upon it, are beautiful fluted columns of porphyry and allprecious marbles; and at every step you find elegantly carved capitalsand massive bases, and polished tablets engraved with greek inscriptions.
it is a world of precious relics, a wilderness of marred and mutilatedgems.
and yet what are these things to the wonders that lie buried hereunder the ground?
at constantinople, at pisa, in the cities of spain,are great mosques and cathedrals, whose grandest columns came from thetemples and palaces of ephesus, and yet one has only to scratch theground here to match them.
we shall never know what magnificence is,until this imperial city is laid bare to the sun.
the finest piece of sculpture we have yet seen and the one that impressedus most, (for we do not know much about art and can not easily work upourselves into ecstasies over it,) is one that lies in this old theatreof ephesus which st. paul's riot has made so celebrated.
it is only theheadless body of a man, clad in a coat of mail, with a medusa head uponthe breast-plate, but we feel persuaded that such dignity and suchmajesty were never thrown into a form of stone before.
what builders they were, these men of antiquity!
the massive arches ofsome of these ruins rest upon piers that are fifteen feet square andbuilt entirely of solid blocks of marble, some of which are as large as asaratoga trunk, and some the size of a boarding-house sofa.
they are notshells or shafts of stone filled inside with rubbish, but the whole pieris a mass of solid masonry.
vast arches, that may have been the gates ofthe city, are built in the same way.
they have braved the storms andsieges of three thousand years, and have been shaken by many anearthquake, but still they stand.
when they dig alongside of them, theyfind ranges of ponderous masonry that are as perfect in every detail asthey were the day those old cyclopian giants finished them.
an englishcompany is going to excavate ephesus--and then!
and now am i reminded of--                    the legend of the seven sleepers.
in the mount of pion, yonder, is the cave of the seven sleepers.
onceupon a time, about fifteen hundred years ago, seven young men lived neareach other in ephesus, who belonged to the despised sect of thechristians.
it came to pass that the good king maximilianus, (i amtelling this story for nice little boys and girls,) it came to pass, isay, that the good king maximilianus fell to persecuting the christians,and as time rolled on he made it very warm for them.
so the seven youngmen said one to the other, let us get up and travel.
and they got up andtraveled.
they tarried not to bid their fathers and mothers good-bye, orany friend they knew.
they only took certain moneys which their parentshad, and garments that belonged unto their friends, whereby they mightremember them when far away; and they took also the dog ketmehr, whichwas the property of their neighbor malchus, because the beast did run hishead into a noose which one of the young men was carrying carelessly, andthey had not time to release him; and they took also certain chickensthat seemed lonely in the neighboring coops, and likewise some bottles ofcurious liquors that stood near the grocer's window; and then theydeparted from the city.
by-and-by they came to a marvelous cave in thehill of pion and entered into it and feasted, and presently they hurriedon again.
but they forgot the bottles of curious liquors, and left thembehind.
they traveled in many lands, and had many strange adventures.
they were virtuous young men, and lost no opportunity that fell in theirway to make their livelihood.
their motto was in these words, namely,"procrastination is the thief of time."
and so, whenever they did comeupon a man who was alone, they said, behold, this person hath thewherewithal--let us go through him.
and they went through him.
at theend of five years they had waxed tired of travel and adventure, andlonged to revisit their old home again and hear the voices and see thefaces that were dear unto their youth.
therefore they went through suchparties as fell in their way where they sojourned at that time, andjourneyed back toward ephesus again.
for the good king maximilianus wasbecome converted unto the new faith, and the christians rejoiced becausethey were no longer persecuted.
one day as the sun went down, they cameto the cave in the mount of pion, and they said, each to his fellow, letus sleep here, and go and feast and make merry with our friends when themorning cometh.
and each of the seven lifted up his voice and said, itis a whiz.
so they went in, and lo, where they had put them, there laythe bottles of strange liquors, and they judged that age had not impairedtheir excellence.
wherein the wanderers were right, and the heads of thesame were level.
so each of the young men drank six bottles, and beholdthey felt very tired, then, and lay down and slept soundly.
when they awoke, one of them, johannes--surnamed smithianus--said, we arenaked.
and it was so.
their raiment was all gone, and the money whichthey had gotten from a stranger whom they had proceeded through as theyapproached the city, was lying upon the ground, corroded and rusted anddefaced.
likewise the dog ketmehr was gone, and nothing save the brassthat was upon his collar remained.
they wondered much at these things.
but they took the money, and they wrapped about their bodies some leaves,and came up to the top of the hill.
then were they perplexed.
thewonderful temple of diana was gone; many grand edifices they had neverseen before stood in the city; men in strange garbs moved about thestreets, and every thing was changed.
johannes said, it hardly seems like ephesus.
yet here is the greatgymnasium; here is the mighty theatre, wherein i have seen seventythousand men assembled; here is the agora; there is the font where thesainted john the baptist immersed the converts; yonder is the prison ofthe good st. paul, where we all did use to go to touch the ancient chainsthat bound him and be cured of our distempers; i see the tomb of thedisciple luke, and afar off is the church wherein repose the ashes of theholy john, where the christians of ephesus go twice a year to gather thedust from the tomb, which is able to make bodies whole again that arecorrupted by disease, and cleanse the soul from sin; but see how thewharves encroach upon the sea, and what multitudes of ships are anchoredin the bay; see, also, how the city hath stretched abroad, far over thevalley behind pion, and even unto the walls of ayassalook; and lo, allthe hills are white with palaces and ribbed with colonnades of marble.
how mighty is ephesus become!
and wondering at what their eyes had seen, they went down into the cityand purchased garments and clothed themselves.
and when they would havepassed on, the merchant bit the coins which they had given him, with histeeth, and turned them about and looked curiously upon them, and castthem upon his counter, and listened if they rang; and then he said, thesebe bogus.
and they said, depart thou to hades, and went their way.
whenthey were come to their houses, they recognized them, albeit they seemedold and mean; and they rejoiced, and were glad.
they ran to the doors,and knocked, and strangers opened, and looked inquiringly upon them.
andthey said, with great excitement, while their hearts beat high, and thecolor in their faces came and went, where is my father?
where is mymother?
where are dionysius and serapion, and pericles, and decius?
andthe strangers that opened said, we know not these.
the seven said, how,you know them not?
how long have ye dwelt here, and whither are theygone that dwelt here before ye?
and the strangers said, ye play upon uswith a jest, young men; we and our fathers have sojourned under theseroofs these six generations; the names ye utter rot upon the tombs, andthey that bore them have run their brief race, have laughed and sung,have borne the sorrows and the weariness that were allotted them, and areat rest; for nine-score years the summers have come and gone, and theautumn leaves have fallen, since the roses faded out of their cheeks andthey laid them to sleep with the dead.
then the seven young men turned them away from their homes, and thestrangers shut the doors upon them.
the wanderers marveled greatly, andlooked into the faces of all they met, as hoping to find one that theyknew; but all were strange, and passed them by and spake no friendlyword.
they were sore distressed and sad.
presently they spake unto acitizen and said, who is king in ephesus?
and the citizen answered andsaid, whence come ye that ye know not that great laertius reigns inephesus?
they looked one at the other, greatly perplexed, and presentlyasked again, where, then, is the good king maximilianus?
the citizenmoved him apart, as one who is afraid, and said, verily these men be mad,and dream dreams, else would they know that the king whereof they speakis dead above two hundred years agone.
then the scales fell from the eyes of the seven, and one said, alas, thatwe drank of the curious liquors.
they have made us weary, and indreamless sleep these two long centuries have we lain.
our homes aredesolate, our friends are dead.
behold, the jig is up--let us die.
andthat same day went they forth and laid them down and died.
and in thatself-same day, likewise, the seven-up did cease in ephesus, for that theseven that were up were down again, and departed and dead withal.
andthe names that be upon their tombs, even unto this time, are johannessmithianus, trumps, gift, high, and low, jack, and the game.
and withthe sleepers lie also the bottles wherein were once the curious liquors:and upon them is writ, in ancient letters, such words as these--dames ofheathen gods of olden time, perchance: rumpunch, jinsling, egnog.
such is the story of the seven sleepers, (with slight variations,) and iknow it is true, because i have seen the cave myself.
really, so firm a faith had the ancients this legend, that as late aseight or nine hundred years ago, learned travelers held it insuperstitious fear.
two of them record that they ventured into it, butran quickly out again, not daring to tarry lest they should fall asleepand outlive their great grand-children a century or so.
even at this daythe ignorant denizens of the neighboring country prefer not to sleep init.
when i last made a memorandum, we were at ephesus.
we are in syria, now,encamped in the mountains of lebanon.
the interregnum has been long,both as to time and distance.
we brought not a relic from ephesus!
after gathering up fragments of sculptured marbles and breaking ornamentsfrom the interior work of the mosques; and after bringing them at a costof infinite trouble and fatigue, five miles on muleback to the railwaydepot, a government officer compelled all who had such things todisgorge!
he had an order from constantinople to look out for our party,and see that we carried nothing off.
it was a wise, a just, and awell-deserved rebuke, but it created a sensation.
i never resist atemptation to plunder a stranger's premises without feeling insufferablyvain about it.
this time i felt proud beyond expression.
i was serenein the midst of the scoldings that were heaped upon the ottomangovernment for its affront offered to a pleasuring party of entirelyrespectable gentlemen and ladies i said, "we that have free souls, ittouches us not."
the shoe not only pinched our party, but it pinchedhard; a principal sufferer discovered that the imperial order wasinclosed in an envelop bearing the seal of the british embassy atconstantinople, and therefore must have been inspired by therepresentative of the queen.
this was bad--very bad.
coming solelyfrom the ottomans, it might have signified only ottoman hatred ofchristians, and a vulgar ignorance as to genteel methods of expressingit; but coming from the christianized, educated, politic britishlegation, it simply intimated that we were a sort of gentlemen andladies who would bear watching!
so the party regarded it, and wereincensed accordingly.
the truth doubtless was, that the sameprecautions would have been taken against any travelers, because theenglish company who have acquired the right to excavate ephesus, andhave paid a great sum for that right, need to be protected, and deserveto be.
they can not afford to run the risk of having their hospitalityabused by travelers, especially since travelers are such notoriousscorners of honest behavior.
we sailed from smyrna, in the wildest spirit of expectancy, for the chieffeature, the grand goal of the expedition, was near at hand--we wereapproaching the holy land!
such a burrowing into the hold for trunksthat had lain buried for weeks, yes for months; such a hurrying to andfro above decks and below; such a riotous system of packing andunpacking; such a littering up of the cabins with shirts and skirts, andindescribable and unclassable odds and ends; such a making up of bundles,and setting apart of umbrellas, green spectacles and thick veils; such acritical inspection of saddles and bridles that had never yet touchedhorses; such a cleaning and loading of revolvers and examining ofbowie-knives; such a half-soling of the seats of pantaloons withserviceable buckskin; then such a poring over ancient maps; such areading up of bibles and palestine travels; such a marking out ofroutes; such exasperating efforts to divide up the company into littlebands of congenial spirits who might make the long and arduous journeywithout quarreling; and morning, noon and night, such mass-meetings inthe cabins, such speech-making, such sage suggesting, such worrying andquarreling, and such a general raising of the very mischief, was neverseen in the ship before!
but it is all over now.
we are cut up into parties of six or eight, andby this time are scattered far and wide.
ours is the only one, however,that is venturing on what is called "the long trip"--that is, out intosyria, by baalbec to damascus, and thence down through the full length ofpalestine.
it would be a tedious, and also a too risky journey, at thishot season of the year, for any but strong, healthy men, accustomedsomewhat to fatigue and rough life in the open air.
the other partieswill take shorter journeys.
for the last two months we have been in a worry about one portion of thisholy land pilgrimage.
i refer to transportation service.
we knew verywell that palestine was a country which did not do a large passengerbusiness, and every man we came across who knew any thing about it gaveus to understand that not half of our party would be able to get dragomenand animals.
at constantinople every body fell to telegraphing theamerican consuls at alexandria and beirout to give notice that we wanteddragomen and transportation.
we were desperate--would take horses,jackasses, cameleopards, kangaroos--any thing.
at smyrna, moretelegraphing was done, to the same end.
also fearing for the worst, wetelegraphed for a large number of seats in the diligence for damascus,and horses for the ruins of baalbec.
as might have been expected, a notion got abroad in syria and egypt thatthe whole population of the province of america (the turks consider us atrifling little province in some unvisited corner of the world,) werecoming to the holy land--and so, when we got to beirout yesterday, wefound the place full of dragomen and their outfits.
we had all intendedto go by diligence to damascus, and switch off to baalbec as we wentalong--because we expected to rejoin the ship, go to mount carmel, andtake to the woods from there.
however, when our own private party ofeight found that it was possible, and proper enough, to make the "longtrip," we adopted that programme.
we have never been much trouble to aconsul before, but we have been a fearful nuisance to our consul atbeirout.
i mention this because i can not help admiring his patience,his industry, and his accommodating spirit.
i mention it also, because ithink some of our ship's company did not give him as full credit for hisexcellent services as he deserved.
well, out of our eight, three were selected to attend to all businessconnected with the expedition.
the rest of us had nothing to do but lookat the beautiful city of beirout, with its bright, new houses nestledamong a wilderness of green shrubbery spread abroad over an upland thatsloped gently down to the sea; and also at the mountains of lebanon thatenviron it; and likewise to bathe in the transparent blue water thatrolled its billows about the ship (we did not know there were sharksthere.)
we had also to range up and down through the town and look at thecostumes.
these are picturesque and fanciful, but not so varied as atconstantinople and smyrna; the women of beirout add an agony--in the twoformer cities the sex wear a thin veil which one can see through (andthey often expose their ancles,) but at beirout they cover their entirefaces with dark-colored or black veils, so that they look like mummies,and then expose their breasts to the public.
a young gentleman (ibelieve he was a greek,) volunteered to show us around the city, and saidit would afford him great pleasure, because he was studying english andwanted practice in that language.
when we had finished the rounds,however, he called for remuneration--said he hoped the gentlemen wouldgive him a trifle in the way of a few piastres (equivalent to a few fivecent pieces.)
we did so.
the consul was surprised when he heard it, andsaid he knew the young fellow's family very well, and that they were anold and highly respectable family and worth a hundred and fifty thousanddollars!
some people, so situated, would have been ashamed of the berthhe had with us and his manner of crawling into it.
at the appointed time our business committee reported, and said allthings were in readdress--that we were to start to-day, with horses, packanimals, and tents, and go to baalbec, damascus, the sea of tiberias, andthence southward by the way of the scene of jacob's dream and othernotable bible localities to jerusalem--from thence probably to the deadsea, but possibly not--and then strike for the ocean and rejoin the shipthree or four weeks hence at joppa; terms, five dollars a day apiece, ingold, and every thing to be furnished by the dragoman.
they said wewould lie as well as at a hotel.
i had read something like that before,and did not shame my judgment by believing a word of it.
i said nothing,however, but packed up a blanket and a shawl to sleep in, pipes andtobacco, two or three woollen shirts, a portfolio, a guide-book, and abible.
i also took along a towel and a cake of soap, to inspire respectin the arabs, who would take me for a king in disguise.
we were to select our horses at 3 p.m.  at that hour abraham, thedragoman, marshaled them before us.
with all solemnity i set it downhere, that those horses were the hardest lot i ever did come across, andtheir accoutrements were in exquisite keeping with their style.
onebrute had an eye out; another had his tail sawed off close, like arabbit, and was proud of it; another had a bony ridge running from hisneck to his tail, like one of those ruined aqueducts one sees about rome,and had a neck on him like a bowsprit; they all limped, and had sorebacks, and likewise raw places and old scales scattered about theirpersons like brass nails in a hair trunk; their gaits were marvelous tocontemplate, and replete with variety under way the procession lookedlike a fleet in a storm.
it was fearful.
blucher shook his head andsaid:"that dragon is going to get himself into trouble fetching these oldcrates out of the hospital the way they are, unless he has got a permit."
i said nothing.
the display was exactly according to the guide-book, andwere we not traveling by the guide-book?
i selected a certain horsebecause i thought i saw him shy, and i thought that a horse that hadspirit enough to shy was not to be despised.
at 6 o'clock p.m., we came to a halt here on the breezy summit of ashapely mountain overlooking the sea, and the handsome valley where dweltsome of those enterprising phoenicians of ancient times we read so muchabout; all around us are what were once the dominions of hiram, king oftyre, who furnished timber from the cedars of these lebanon hills tobuild portions of king solomon's temple with.
shortly after six, our pack train arrived.
i had not seen it before, anda good right i had to be astonished.
we had nineteen serving men andtwenty-six pack mules!
it was a perfect caravan.
it looked like one,too, as it wound among the rocks.
i wondered what in the very mischiefwe wanted with such a vast turn-out as that, for eight men.
i wonderedawhile, but soon i began to long for a tin plate, and some bacon andbeans.
i had camped out many and many a time before, and knew just whatwas coming.
i went off, without waiting for serving men, and unsaddledmy horse, and washed such portions of his ribs and his spine as projectedthrough his hide, and when i came back, behold five stately circus tentswere up--tents that were brilliant, within, with blue, and gold, andcrimson, and all manner of splendid adornment!
i was speechless.
thenthey brought eight little iron bedsteads, and set them up in the tents;they put a soft mattress and pillows and good blankets and two snow-whitesheets on each bed.
next, they rigged a table about the centre-pole, andon it placed pewter pitchers, basins, soap, and the whitest of towels--one set for each man; they pointed to pockets in the tent, and said wecould put our small trifles in them for convenience, and if we neededpins or such things, they were sticking every where.
then came thefinishing touch--they spread carpets on the floor!
i simply said, "ifyou call this camping out, all right--but it isn't the style i am usedto; my little baggage that i brought along is at a discount."
it grew dark, and they put candles on the tables--candles set in bright,new, brazen candlesticks.
and soon the bell--a genuine, simon-pure bell--rang, and we were invited to "the saloon."
i had thought before thatwe had a tent or so too many, but now here was one, at least, providedfor; it was to be used for nothing but an eating-saloon.
like theothers, it was high enough for a family of giraffes to live in, and wasvery handsome and clean and bright-colored within.
it was a gem of aplace.
a table for eight, and eight canvas chairs; a table-cloth andnapkins whose whiteness and whose fineness laughed to scorn the things wewere used to in the great excursion steamer; knives and forks,soup-plates, dinner-plates--every thing, in the handsomest kind ofstyle.
it was wonderful!
and they call this camping out.
thosestately fellows in baggy trowsers and turbaned fezzes brought in adinner which consisted of roast mutton, roast chicken, roast goose,potatoes, bread, tea, pudding, apples, and delicious grapes; the viandswere better cooked than any we had eaten for weeks, and the table made afiner appearance, with its large german silver candlesticks and otherfinery, than any table we had sat down to for a good while, and yet thatpolite dragoman, abraham, came bowing in and apologizing for the wholeaffair, on account of the unavoidable confusion of getting under way fora very long trip, and promising to do a great deal better in future!
it is midnight, now, and we break camp at six in the morning.
they call this camping out.
at this rate it is a glorious privilege tobe a pilgrim to the holy land.
we are camped near temnin-el-foka--a name which the boys have simplifieda good deal, for the sake of convenience in spelling.
they call itjacksonville.
it sounds a little strangely, here in the valley oflebanon, but it has the merit of being easier to remember than the arabicname.
"come like spirits, so depart."
"the night shall be filled with music,                   and the cares that infest the day                 shall fold their tents like the arabs,                      and as silently steal away."
i slept very soundly last night, yet when the dragoman's bell rang athalf-past five this morning and the cry went abroad of "ten minutes todress for breakfast!"
i heard both.
it surprised me, because i have notheard the breakfast gong in the ship for a month, and whenever we havehad occasion to fire a salute at daylight, i have only found it out inthe course of conversation afterward.
however, camping out, even thoughit be in a gorgeous tent, makes one fresh and lively in the morning--especially if the air you are breathing is the cool, fresh air of themountains.
i was dressed within the ten minutes, and came out.
the saloon tent hadbeen stripped of its sides, and had nothing left but its roof; so when wesat down to table we could look out over a noble panorama of mountain,sea and hazy valley.
and sitting thus, the sun rose slowly up andsuffused the picture with a world of rich coloring.
hot mutton chops, fried chicken, omelettes, fried potatoes and coffee--all excellent.
this was the bill of fare.
it was sauced with a savageappetite purchased by hard riding the day before, and refreshing sleep ina pure atmosphere.
as i called for a second cup of coffee, i glancedover my shoulder, and behold our white village was gone--the splendidtents had vanished like magic!
it was wonderful how quickly those arabshad "folded their tents;" and it was wonderful, also, how quickly theyhad gathered the thousand odds and ends of the camp together anddisappeared with them.
by half-past six we were under way, and all the syrian world seemed to beunder way also.
the road was filled with mule trains and longprocessions of camels.
this reminds me that we have been trying for sometime to think what a camel looks like, and now we have made it out.
whenhe is down on all his knees, flat on his breast to receive his load, helooks something like a goose swimming; and when he is upright he lookslike an ostrich with an extra set of legs.
camels are not beautiful, andtheir long under lip gives them an exceedingly "gallus"--[excuse theslang, no other word will describe it]--expression.
they have immense,flat, forked cushions of feet, that make a track in the dust like a piewith a slice cut out of it.
they are not particular about their diet.
they would eat a tombstone if they could bite it.
a thistle grows abouthere which has needles on it that would pierce through leather, i think;if one touches you, you can find relief in nothing but profanity.
thecamels eat these.
they show by their actions that they enjoy them.
isuppose it would be a real treat to a camel to have a keg of nails forsupper.
while i am speaking of animals, i will mention that i have a horse now bythe name of "jericho."
he is a mare.
i have seen remarkable horsesbefore, but none so remarkable as this.
i wanted a horse that could shy,and this one fills the bill.
i had an idea that shying indicated spirit.
if i was correct, i have got the most spirited horse on earth.
he shiesat every thing he comes across, with the utmost impartiality.
he appearsto have a mortal dread of telegraph poles, especially; and it isfortunate that these are on both sides of the road, because as it is now,i never fall off twice in succession on the same side.
if i fell on thesame side always, it would get to be monotonous after a while.
thiscreature has scared at every thing he has seen to-day, except a haystack.
he walked up to that with an intrepidity and a recklessness that wereastonishing.
and it would fill any one with admiration to see how hepreserves his self-possession in the presence of a barley sack.
thisdare-devil bravery will be the death of this horse some day.
he is not particularly fast, but i think he will get me through the holyland.
he has only one fault.
his tail has been chopped off or else hehas sat down on it too hard, some time or other, and he has to fight theflies with his heels.
this is all very well, but when he tries to kick afly off the top of his head with his hind foot, it is too much variety.
he is going to get himself into trouble that way some day.
he reachesaround and bites my legs too.
i do not care particularly about that,only i do not like to see a horse too sociable.
i think the owner of this prize had a wrong opinion about him.
he had anidea that he was one of those fiery, untamed steeds, but he is not ofthat character.
i know the arab had this idea, because when he broughtthe horse out for inspection in beirout, he kept jerking at the bridleand shouting in arabic, "ho!
do you want to run away, youferocious beast, and break your neck?"
when all the time the horse wasnot doing anything in the world, and only looked like he wanted to leanup against something and think.
whenever he is not shying at things, orreaching after a fly, he wants to do that yet.
how it would surprise hisowner to know this.
we have been in a historical section of country all day.
at noon wecamped three hours and took luncheon at mekseh, near the junction of thelebanon mountains and the jebel el kuneiyiseh, and looked down into theimmense, level, garden-like valley of lebanon.
to-night we are campingnear the same valley, and have a very wide sweep of it in view.
we cansee the long, whale-backed ridge of mount hermon projecting above theeastern hills.
the "dews of hermon" are falling upon us now, and thetents are almost soaked with them.
over the way from us, and higher up the valley, we can discern, throughthe glasses, the faint outlines of the wonderful ruins of baalbec, thesupposed baal-gad of scripture.
joshua, and another person, were the twospies who were sent into this land of canaan by the children of israel toreport upon its character--i mean they were the spies who reportedfavorably.
they took back with them some specimens of the grapes of thiscountry, and in the children's picture-books they are always representedas bearing one monstrous bunch swung to a pole between them, arespectable load for a pack-train.
the sunday-school books exaggeratedit a little.
the grapes are most excellent to this day, but the bunchesare not as large as those in the pictures.
i was surprised and hurt wheni saw them, because those colossal bunches of grapes were one of my mostcherished juvenile traditions.
joshua reported favorably, and the children of israel journeyed on, withmoses at the head of the general government, and joshua in command of thearmy of six hundred thousand fighting men.
of women and children andcivilians there was a countless swarm.
of all that mighty host, none butthe two faithful spies ever lived to set their feet in the promised land.
they and their descendants wandered forty years in the desert, and thenmoses, the gifted warrior, poet, statesman and philosopher, went up intopisgah and met his mysterious fate.
where he was buried no man knows--for          "* * * no man dug that sepulchre,          and no man saw it e'er          --for the sons of god upturned the sod          and laid the dead man there!"
then joshua began his terrible raid, and from jericho clear to thisbaal-gad, he swept the land like the genius of destruction.
heslaughtered the people, laid waste their soil, and razed their cities tothe ground.
he wasted thirty-one kings also.
one may call it that,though really it can hardly be called wasting them, because there werealways plenty of kings in those days, and to spare.
at any rate, hedestroyed thirty-one kings, and divided up their realms among hisisraelites.
he divided up this valley stretched out here before us, andso it was once jewish territory.
the jews have long since disappearedfrom it, however.
back yonder, an hour's journey from here, we passed through an arabvillage of stone dry-goods boxes (they look like that,) where noah's tomblies under lock and key.
[noah built the ark.]
over these old hills andvalleys the ark that contained all that was left of a vanished world oncefloated.
i make no apology for detailing the above information.
it will be newsto some of my readers, at any rate.
noah's tomb is built of stone, and is covered with a long stone building.
bucksheesh let us in.
the building had to be long, because the grave ofthe honored old navigator is two hundred and ten feet long itself!
it isonly about four feet high, though.
he must have cast a shadow like alightning-rod.
the proof that this is the genuine spot where noah wasburied can only be doubted by uncommonly incredulous people.
theevidence is pretty straight.
shem, the son of noah, was present at theburial, and showed the place to his descendants, who transmitted theknowledge to their descendants, and the lineal descendants of theseintroduced themselves to us to-day.
it was pleasant to make theacquaintance of members of so respectable a family.
it was a thing to beproud of.
it was the next thing to being acquainted with noah himself.
noah's memorable voyage will always possess a living interest for me,henceforward.
if ever an oppressed race existed, it is this one we see fettered aroundus under the inhuman tyranny of the ottoman empire.
i wish europe wouldlet russia annihilate turkey a little--not much, but enough to make itdifficult to find the place again without a divining-rod or adiving-bell.
the syrians are very poor, and yet they are ground down bya system of taxation that would drive any other nation frantic.
lastyear their taxes were heavy enough, in all conscience--but this yearthey have been increased by the addition of taxes that were forgiventhem in times of famine in former years.
on top of this the governmenthas levied a tax of one-tenth of the whole proceeds of the land.
thisis only half the story.
the pacha of a pachalic does not troublehimself with appointing tax-collectors.
he figures up what all thesetaxes ought to amount to in a certain district.
then he farms thecollection out.
he calls the rich men together, the highest bidder getsthe speculation, pays the pacha on the spot, and then sells out tosmaller fry, who sell in turn to a piratical horde of still smaller fry.
these latter compel the peasant to bring his little trifle of grain tothe village, at his own cost.
it must be weighed, the various taxes setapart, and the remainder returned to the producer.
but the collectordelays this duty day after day, while the producer's family areperishing for bread; at last the poor wretch, who can not but understandthe game, says, "take a quarter--take half--take two-thirds if you will,and let me go!"
it is a most outrageous state of things.
these people are naturally good-hearted and intelligent, and witheducation and liberty, would be a happy and contented race.
they oftenappeal to the stranger to know if the great world will not some day cometo their relief and save them.
the sultan has been lavishing money likewater in england and paris, but his subjects are suffering for it now.
this fashion of camping out bewilders me.
we have boot-jacks and abath-tub, now, and yet all the mysteries the pack-mules carry are notrevealed.
we had a tedious ride of about five hours, in the sun, across the valleyof lebanon.
it proved to be not quite so much of a garden as it hadseemed from the hill-sides.
it was a desert, weed-grown waste, litteredthickly with stones the size of a man's fist.
here and there the nativeshad scratched the ground and reared a sickly crop of grain, but for themost part the valley was given up to a handful of shepherds, whose flockswere doing what they honestly could to get a living, but the chances wereagainst them.
we saw rude piles of stones standing near the roadside, atintervals, and recognized the custom of marking boundaries which obtainedin jacob's time.
there were no walls, no fences, no hedges--nothing tosecure a man's possessions but these random heaps of stones.
theisraelites held them sacred in the old patriarchal times, and these otherarabs, their lineal descendants, do so likewise.
an american, ofordinary intelligence, would soon widely extend his property, at anoutlay of mere manual labor, performed at night, under so loose a systemof fencing as this.
the plows these people use are simply a sharpened stick, such as abrahamplowed with, and they still winnow their wheat as he did--they pile it onthe house-top, and then toss it by shovel-fulls into the air until thewind has blown all the chaff away.
they never invent any thing, neverlearn any thing.
we had a fine race, of a mile, with an arab perched on a camel.
some ofthe horses were fast, and made very good time, but the camel scampered bythem without any very great effort.
the yelling and shouting, andwhipping and galloping, of all parties interested, made it anexhilarating, exciting, and particularly boisterous race.
at eleven o'clock, our eyes fell upon the walls and columns of baalbec, anoble ruin whose history is a sealed book.
it has stood there forthousands of years, the wonder and admiration of travelers; but who builtit, or when it was built, are questions that may never be answered.
onething is very sure, though.
such grandeur of design, and such grace ofexecution, as one sees in the temples of baalbec, have not been equaledor even approached in any work of men's hands that has been built withintwenty centuries past.
the great temple of the sun, the temple of jupiter, and several smallertemples, are clustered together in the midst of one of these miserablesyrian villages, and look strangely enough in such plebeian company.
these temples are built upon massive substructions that might support aworld, almost; the materials used are blocks of stone as large as anomnibus--very few, if any of them, are smaller than a carpenter's toolchest--and these substructions are traversed by tunnels of masonrythrough which a train of cars might pass.
with such foundations asthese, it is little wonder that baalbec has lasted so long.
the templeof the sun is nearly three hundred feet long and one hundred and sixtyfeet wide.
it had fifty-four columns around it, but only six arestanding now--the others lie broken at its base, a confused andpicturesque heap.
the six columns are their bases, corinthian capitalsand entablature--and six more shapely columns do not exist.
the columnsand the entablature together are ninety feet high--a prodigious altitudefor shafts of stone to reach, truly--and yet one only thinks of theirbeauty and symmetry when looking at them; the pillars look slender anddelicate, the entablature, with its elaborate sculpture, looks like richstucco-work.
but when you have gazed aloft till your eyes are weary, youglance at the great fragments of pillars among which you are standing,and find that they are eight feet through; and with them lie beautifulcapitals apparently as large as a small cottage; and also single slabs ofstone, superbly sculptured, that are four or five feet thick, and wouldcompletely cover the floor of any ordinary parlor.
you wonder wherethese monstrous things came from, and it takes some little time tosatisfy yourself that the airy and graceful fabric that towers above yourhead is made up of their mates.
it seems too preposterous.
the temple of jupiter is a smaller ruin than the one i have been speakingof, and yet is immense.
it is in a tolerable state of preservation.
onerow of nine columns stands almost uninjured.
they are sixty-five feethigh and support a sort of porch or roof, which connects them with theroof of the building.
this porch-roof is composed of tremendous slabs ofstone, which are so finely sculptured on the under side that the worklooks like a fresco from below.
one or two of these slabs had fallen,and again i wondered if the gigantic masses of carved stone that layabout me were no larger than those above my head.
within the temple, theornamentation was elaborate and colossal.
what a wonder of architecturalbeauty and grandeur this edifice must have been when it was new!
andwhat a noble picture it and its statelier companion, with the chaos ofmighty fragments scattered about them, yet makes in the moonlight!
i can not conceive how those immense blocks of stone were ever hauledfrom the quarries, or how they were ever raised to the dizzy heights theyoccupy in the temples.
and yet these sculptured blocks are trifles insize compared with the rough-hewn blocks that form the wide verandah orplatform which surrounds the great temple.
one stretch of that platform,two hundred feet long, is composed of blocks of stone as large, and someof them larger, than a street-car.
they surmount a wall about ten ortwelve feet high.
i thought those were large rocks, but they sank intoinsignificance compared with those which formed another section of theplatform.
these were three in number, and i thought that each of themwas about as long as three street cars placed end to end, though ofcourse they are a third wider and a third higher than a street car.
perhaps two railway freight cars of the largest pattern, placed end toend, might better represent their size.
in combined length these threestones stretch nearly two hundred feet; they are thirteen feet square;two of them are sixty-four feet long each, and the third is sixty-nine.
they are built into the massive wall some twenty feet above the ground.
they are there, but how they got there is the question.
i have seen thehull of a steamboat that was smaller than one of those stones.
all thesegreat walls are as exact and shapely as the flimsy things we build ofbricks in these days.
a race of gods or of giants must have inhabitedbaalbec many a century ago.
men like the men of our day could hardlyrear such temples as these.
we went to the quarry from whence the stones of baalbec were taken.
itwas about a quarter of a mile off, and down hill.
in a great pit lay themate of the largest stone in the ruins.
it lay there just as the giantsof that old forgotten time had left it when they were called hence--justas they had left it, to remain for thousands of years, an eloquent rebukeunto such as are prone to think slightingly of the men who lived beforethem.
this enormous block lies there, squared and ready for thebuilders' hands--a solid mass fourteen feet by seventeen, and but a fewinches less than seventy feet long!
two buggies could be driven abreastof each other, on its surface, from one end of it to the other, and leaveroom enough for a man or two to walk on either side.
one might swear that all the john smiths and george wilkinsons, and allthe other pitiful nobodies between kingdom come and baalbec wouldinscribe their poor little names upon the walls of baalbec's magnificentruins, and would add the town, the county and the state they came from--and swearing thus, be infallibly correct.
it is a pity some great ruindoes not fall in and flatten out some of these reptiles, and scare theirkind out of ever giving their names to fame upon any walls or monumentsagain, forever.
properly, with the sorry relics we bestrode, it was a three days' journeyto damascus.
it was necessary that we should do it in less than two.
it was necessary because our three pilgrims would not travel on thesabbath day.
we were all perfectly willing to keep the sabbath day, butthere are times when to keep the letter of a sacred law whose spirit isrighteous, becomes a sin, and this was a case in point.
we pleaded forthe tired, ill-treated horses, and tried to show that their faithfulservice deserved kindness in return, and their hard lot compassion.
butwhen did ever self-righteousness know the sentiment of pity?
what were afew long hours added to the hardships of some over-taxed brutes whenweighed against the peril of those human souls?
it was not the mostpromising party to travel with and hope to gain a higher veneration forreligion through the example of its devotees.
we said the saviour whopitied dumb beasts and taught that the ox must be rescued from the mireeven on the sabbath day, would not have counseled a forced march likethis.
we said the "long trip" was exhausting and therefore dangerous inthe blistering heats of summer, even when the ordinary days' stages weretraversed, and if we persisted in this hard march, some of us might bestricken down with the fevers of the country in consequence of it.
nothing could move the pilgrims.
they must press on.
men might die,horses might die, but they must enter upon holy soil next week, with nosabbath-breaking stain upon them.
thus they were willing to commit a sinagainst the spirit of religious law, in order that they might preservethe letter of it.
it was not worth while to tell them "the letterkills."
i am talking now about personal friends; men whom i like; menwho are good citizens; who are honorable, upright, conscientious; butwhose idea of the saviour's religion seems to me distorted.
they lectureour shortcomings unsparingly, and every night they call us together andread to us chapters from the testament that are full of gentleness, ofcharity, and of tender mercy; and then all the next day they stick totheir saddles clear up to the summits of these rugged mountains, andclear down again.
apply the testament's gentleness, and charity, andtender mercy to a toiling, worn and weary horse?--nonsense--these are forgod's human creatures, not his dumb ones.
what the pilgrims choose todo, respect for their almost sacred character demands that i should allowto pass--but i would so like to catch any other member of the partyriding his horse up one of these exhausting hills once!
we have given the pilgrims a good many examples that might benefit them,but it is virtue thrown away.
they have never heard a cross word out ofour lips toward each other--but they have quarreled once or twice.
welove to hear them at it, after they have been lecturing us.
the veryfirst thing they did, coming ashore at beirout, was to quarrel in theboat.
i have said i like them, and i do like them--but every time theyread me a scorcher of a lecture i mean to talk back in print.
not content with doubling the legitimate stages, they switched off themain road and went away out of the way to visit an absurd fountain calledfigia, because baalam's ass had drank there once.
so we journeyed on,through the terrible hills and deserts and the roasting sun, and then farinto the night, seeking the honored pool of baalam's ass, the patronsaint of all pilgrims like us.
i find no entry but this in my note-book:     "rode to-day, altogether, thirteen hours, through deserts, partly,     and partly over barren, unsightly hills, and latterly through wild,     rocky scenery, and camped at about eleven o'clock at night on the     banks of a limpid stream, near a syrian village.
do not know its     name--do not wish to know it--want to go to bed.
two horses lame     (mine and jack's) and the others worn out.
jack and i walked three     or four miles, over the hills, and led the horses.
fun--but of a     mild type."
twelve or thirteen hours in the saddle, even in a christian land and achristian climate, and on a good horse, is a tiresome journey; but in anoven like syria, in a ragged spoon of a saddle that slips fore-and-aft,and "thort-ships," and every way, and on a horse that is tired and lame,and yet must be whipped and spurred with hardly a moment's cessation allday long, till the blood comes from his side, and your conscience hurtsyou every time you strike if you are half a man,--it is a journey to beremembered in bitterness of spirit and execrated with emphasis for aliberal division of a man's lifetime.
the next day was an outrage upon men and horses both.
it was anotherthirteen-hour stretch (including an hour's "nooning.")
it was over thebarrenest chalk-hills and through the baldest canons that even syria canshow.
the heat quivered in the air every where.
in the canons we almostsmothered in the baking atmosphere.
on high ground, the reflection fromthe chalk-hills was blinding.
it was cruel to urge the crippled horses,but it had to be done in order to make damascus saturday night.
we sawancient tombs and temples of fanciful architecture carved out of thesolid rock high up in the face of precipices above our heads, but we hadneither time nor strength to climb up there and examine them.
the terselanguage of my note-book will answer for the rest of this day'sexperiences:     "broke camp at 7 a.m., and made a ghastly trip through the zeb dana     valley and the rough mountains--horses limping and that arab     screech-owl that does most of the singing and carries the     water-skins, always a thousand miles ahead, of course, and no water     to drink--will he never die?
beautiful stream in a chasm, lined     thick with pomegranate, fig, olive and quince orchards, and nooned     an hour at the celebrated baalam's ass fountain of figia, second in     size in syria, and the coldest water out of siberia--guide-books do     not say baalam's ass ever drank there--somebody been imposing on     the pilgrims, may be.
bathed in it--jack and i.  only a     second--ice-water.
it is the principal source of the abana river     --only one-half mile down to where it joins.
beautiful     place--giant trees all around--so shady and cool, if one could keep     awake--vast stream gushes straight out from under the mountain in a     torrent.
over it is a very ancient ruin, with no known history     --supposed to have been for the worship of the deity of the fountain     or baalam's ass or somebody.
wretched nest of human vermin about     the fountain--rags, dirt, sunken cheeks, pallor of sickness, sores,     projecting bones, dull, aching misery in their eyes and ravenous     hunger speaking from every eloquent fibre and muscle from head to     foot.
how they sprang upon a bone, how they crunched the bread we     gave them!
such as these to swarm about one and watch every bite     he takes, with greedy looks, and swallow unconsciously every time     he swallows, as if they half fancied the precious morsel went down     their own throats--hurry up the caravan!--i never shall enjoy a     meal in this distressful country.
to think of eating three times     every day under such circumstances for three weeks yet--it is worse     punishment than riding all day in the sun.
there are sixteen     starving babies from one to six years old in the party, and their     legs are no larger than broom handles.
left the fountain at 1 p.m.     (the fountain took us at least two hours out of our way,) and     reached mahomet's lookout perch, over damascus, in time to get a     good long look before it was necessary to move on.
ask of     the winds that far away with fragments strewed the sea."
as the glare of day mellowed into twilight, we looked down upon a picturewhich is celebrated all over the world.
i think i have read about fourhundred times that when mahomet was a simple camel-driver he reached thispoint and looked down upon damascus for the first time, and then made acertain renowned remark.
he said man could enter only one paradise; hepreferred to go to the one above.
so he sat down there and feasted hiseyes upon the earthly paradise of damascus, and then went away withoutentering its gates.
they have erected a tower on the hill to mark thespot where he stood.
damascus is beautiful from the mountain.
it is beautiful even toforeigners accustomed to luxuriant vegetation, and i can easilyunderstand how unspeakably beautiful it must be to eyes that are onlyused to the god-forsaken barrenness and desolation of syria.
i shouldthink a syrian would go wild with ecstacy when such a picture bursts uponhim for the first time.
from his high perch, one sees before him and below him, a wall of drearymountains, shorn of vegetation, glaring fiercely in the sun; it fences ina level desert of yellow sand, smooth as velvet and threaded far awaywith fine lines that stand for roads, and dotted with creeping mites weknow are camel-trains and journeying men; right in the midst of thedesert is spread a billowy expanse of green foliage; and nestling in itsheart sits the great white city, like an island of pearls and opalsgleaming out of a sea of emeralds.
this is the picture you see spreadfar below you, with distance to soften it, the sun to glorify it, strongcontrasts to heighten the effects, and over it and about it a drowsingair of repose to spiritualize it and make it seem rather a beautifulestray from the mysterious worlds we visit in dreams than a substantialtenant of our coarse, dull globe.
and when you think of the leagues ofblighted, blasted, sandy, rocky, sun-burnt, ugly, dreary, infamouscountry you have ridden over to get here, you think it is the mostbeautiful, beautiful picture that ever human eyes rested upon in all thebroad universe!
if i were to go to damascus again, i would camp onmahomet's hill about a week, and then go away.
there is no need to goinside the walls.
the prophet was wise without knowing it when hedecided not to go down into the paradise of damascus.
there is an honored old tradition that the immense garden which damascusstands in was the garden of eden, and modern writers have gathered upmany chapters of evidence tending to show that it really was the gardenof eden, and that the rivers pharpar and abana are the "two rivers" thatwatered adam's paradise.
it may be so, but it is not paradise now, andone would be as happy outside of it as he would be likely to be within.
it is so crooked and cramped and dirty that one can not realize that heis in the splendid city he saw from the hill-top.
the gardens are hiddenby high mud-walls, and the paradise is become a very sink of pollutionand uncomeliness.
damascus has plenty of clear, pure water in it,though, and this is enough, of itself, to make an arab think it beautifuland blessed.
water is scarce in blistered syria.
we run railways by ourlarge cities in america; in syria they curve the roads so as to make themrun by the meagre little puddles they call "fountains," and which are notfound oftener on a journey than every four hours.
but the "rivers" ofpharpar and abana of scripture (mere creeks,) run through damascus, andso every house and every garden have their sparkling fountains andrivulets of water.
with her forest of foliage and her abundance ofwater, damascus must be a wonder of wonders to the bedouin from thedeserts.
damascus is simply an oasis--that is what it is.
for fourthousand years its waters have not gone dry or its fertility failed.
now we can understand why the city has existed so long.
it could notdie.
so long as its waters remain to it away out there in the midst ofthat howling desert, so long will damascus live to bless the sight of thetired and thirsty wayfarer.
"though old as history itself, thou art fresh as the breath of     spring, blooming as thine own rose-bud, and fragrant as thine own     orange flower, o damascus, pearl of the east!"
damascus dates back anterior to the days of abraham, and is the oldestcity in the world.
it was founded by uz, the grandson of noah.
"theearly history of damascus is shrouded in the mists of a hoary antiquity."
leave the matters written of in the first eleven chapters of the oldtestament out, and no recorded event has occurred in the world butdamascus was in existence to receive the news of it.
go back as far asyou will into the vague past, there was always a damascus.
in thewritings of every century for more than four thousand years, its name hasbeen mentioned and its praises sung.
to damascus, years are onlymoments, decades are only flitting trifles of time.
she measures time,not by days and months and years, but by the empires she has seen rise,and prosper and crumble to ruin.
she is a type of immortality.
she sawthe foundations of baalbec, and thebes, and ephesus laid; she saw thesevillages grow into mighty cities, and amaze the world with theirgrandeur--and she has lived to see them desolate, deserted, and givenover to the owls and the bats.
she saw the israelitish empire exalted,and she saw it annihilated.
she saw greece rise, and flourish twothousand years, and die.
in her old age she saw rome built; she saw itovershadow the world with its power; she saw it perish.
the few hundredsof years of genoese and venetian might and splendor were, to grave olddamascus, only a trifling scintillation hardly worth remembering.
damascus has seen all that has ever occurred on earth, and still shelives.
she has looked upon the dry bones of a thousand empires, and willsee the tombs of a thousand more before she dies.
though another claimsthe name, old damascus is by right the eternal city.
we reached the city gates just at sundown.
they do say that one can getinto any walled city of syria, after night, for bucksheesh, exceptdamascus.
but damascus, with its four thousand years of respectabilityin the world, has many old fogy notions.
there are no street lampsthere, and the law compels all who go abroad at night to carry lanterns,just as was the case in old days, when heroes and heroines of the arabiannights walked the streets of damascus, or flew away toward bagdad onenchanted carpets.
it was fairly dark a few minutes after we got within the wall, and werode long distances through wonderfully crooked streets, eight to tenfeet wide, and shut in on either side by the high mud-walls of thegardens.
at last we got to where lanterns could be seen flitting abouthere and there, and knew we were in the midst of the curious old city.
in a little narrow street, crowded with our pack-mules and with a swarmof uncouth arabs, we alighted, and through a kind of a hole in the wallentered the hotel.
we stood in a great flagged court, with flowers andcitron trees about us, and a huge tank in the centre that was receivingthe waters of many pipes.
we crossed the court and entered the roomsprepared to receive four of us.
in a large marble-paved recess betweenthe two rooms was a tank of clear, cool water, which was kept runningover all the time by the streams that were pouring into it from half adozen pipes.
nothing, in this scorching, desolate land could look sorefreshing as this pure water flashing in the lamp-light; nothing couldlook so beautiful, nothing could sound so delicious as this mimic rain toears long unaccustomed to sounds of such a nature.
our rooms were large,comfortably furnished, and even had their floors clothed with soft,cheerful-tinted carpets.
it was a pleasant thing to see a carpet again,for if there is any thing drearier than the tomb-like, stone-pavedparlors and bed-rooms of europe and asia, i do not know what it is.
they make one think of the grave all the time.
a very broad, gailycaparisoned divan, some twelve or fourteen feet long, extended across oneside of each room, and opposite were single beds with spring mattresses.
there were great looking-glasses and marble-top tables.
all this luxurywas as grateful to systems and senses worn out with an exhausting day'stravel, as it was unexpected--for one can not tell what to expect in aturkish city of even a quarter of a million inhabitants.
i do not know, but i think they used that tank between the rooms to drawdrinking water from; that did not occur to me, however, until i haddipped my baking head far down into its cool depths.
i thought of itthen, and superb as the bath was, i was sorry i had taken it, and wasabout to go and explain to the landlord.
but a finely curled and scentedpoodle dog frisked up and nipped the calf of my leg just then, and beforei had time to think, i had soused him to the bottom of the tank, and wheni saw a servant coming with a pitcher i went off and left the pup tryingto climb out and not succeeding very well.
satisfied revenge was all ineeded to make me perfectly happy, and when i walked in to supper thatfirst night in damascus i was in that condition.
we lay on those divansa long time, after supper, smoking narghilies and long-stemmed chibouks,and talking about the dreadful ride of the day, and i knew then what ihad sometimes known before--that it is worth while to get tired out,because one so enjoys resting afterward.
in the morning we sent for donkeys.
it is worthy of note that we had tosend for these things.
i said damascus was an old fossil, and she is.
any where else we would have been assailed by a clamorous army ofdonkey-drivers, guides, peddlers and beggars--but in damascus they sohate the very sight of a foreign christian that they want no intercoursewhatever with him; only a year or two ago, his person was not alwayssafe in damascus streets.
it is the most fanatical mohammedan purgatoryout of arabia.
where you see one green turban of a hadji elsewhere (thehonored sign that my lord has made the pilgrimage to mecca,) i think youwill see a dozen in damascus.
the damascenes are the ugliest, wickedestlooking villains we have seen.
all the veiled women we had seen yet,nearly, left their eyes exposed, but numbers of these in damascuscompletely hid the face under a close-drawn black veil that made thewoman look like a mummy.
if ever we caught an eye exposed it wasquickly hidden from our contaminating christian vision; the beggarsactually passed us by without demanding bucksheesh; the merchants in thebazaars did not hold up their goods and cry out eagerly, "hey, john!"
or "look this, howajji!"
on the contrary, they only scowled at us andsaid never a word.
the narrow streets swarmed like a hive with men and women in strangeoriental costumes, and our small donkeys knocked them right and left aswe plowed through them, urged on by the merciless donkey-boys.
thesepersecutors run after the animals, shouting and goading them for hourstogether; they keep the donkey in a gallop always, yet never get tiredthemselves or fall behind.
the donkeys fell down and spilt us over theirheads occasionally, but there was nothing for it but to mount and hurryon again.
we were banged against sharp corners, loaded porters, camels,and citizens generally; and we were so taken up with looking out forcollisions and casualties that we had no chance to look about us at all.
we rode half through the city and through the famous "street which iscalled straight" without seeing any thing, hardly.
our bones were nearlyknocked out of joint, we were wild with excitement, and our sides achedwith the jolting we had suffered.
i do not like riding in the damascusstreet-cars.
we were on our way to the reputed houses of judas and ananias.
abouteighteen or nineteen hundred years ago, saul, a native of tarsus, wasparticularly bitter against the new sect called christians, and he leftjerusalem and started across the country on a furious crusade againstthem.
he went forth "breathing threatenings and slaughter against thedisciples of the lord."
"and as he journeyed, he came near damascus, and suddenly there     shined round about him a light from heaven:     "and he fell to the earth and heard a voice saying unto him, 'saul,     saul, why persecutest thou me?'
"and when he knew that it was jesus that spoke to him he trembled,     and was astonished, and said, 'lord, what wilt thou have me to do?'"
he was told to arise and go into the ancient city and one would tellhim what to do.
in the meantime his soldiers stood speechless andawe-stricken, for they heard the mysterious voice but saw no man.
saulrose up and found that that fierce supernatural light had destroyed hissight, and he was blind, so "they led him by the hand and brought him todamascus."
he was converted.
paul lay three days, blind, in the house of judas, and during that timehe neither ate nor drank.
there came a voice to a citizen of damascus, named ananias, saying,"arise, and go into the street which is called straight, and inquire atthe house of judas, for one called saul, of tarsus; for behold, heprayeth."
ananias did not wish to go at first, for he had heard of saul before, andhe had his doubts about that style of a "chosen vessel" to preach thegospel of peace.
however, in obedience to orders, he went into the"street called straight" (how he found his way into it, and after he did,how he ever found his way out of it again, are mysteries only to beaccounted for by the fact that he was acting under divine inspiration.)
he found paul and restored him, and ordained him a preacher; and fromthis old house we had hunted up in the street which is miscalledstraight, he had started out on that bold missionary career which heprosecuted till his death.
it was not the house of the disciple who soldthe master for thirty pieces of silver.
i make this explanation injustice to judas, who was a far different sort of man from the personjust referred to.
a very different style of man, and lived in a verygood house.
it is a pity we do not know more about him.
i have given, in the above paragraphs, some more information for peoplewho will not read bible history until they are defrauded into it by somesuch method as this.
i hope that no friend of progress and educationwill obstruct or interfere with my peculiar mission.
the street called straight is straighter than a corkscrew, but not asstraight as a rainbow.
st. luke is careful not to commit himself; hedoes not say it is the street which is straight, but the "street which iscalled straight."
it is a fine piece of irony; it is the only facetiousremark in the bible, i believe.
we traversed the street called straighta good way, and then turned off and called at the reputed house ofananias.
there is small question that a part of the original house isthere still; it is an old room twelve or fifteen feet under ground, andits masonry is evidently ancient.
if ananias did not live there in st.paul's time, somebody else did, which is just as well.
i took a drinkout of ananias' well, and singularly enough, the water was just as freshas if the well had been dug yesterday.
we went out toward the north end of the city to see the place where thedisciples let paul down over the damascus wall at dead of night--for hepreached christ so fearlessly in damascus that the people sought to killhim, just as they would to-day for the same offense, and he had to escapeand flee to jerusalem.
then we called at the tomb of mahomet's children and at a tomb whichpurported to be that of st. george who killed the dragon, and so on outto the hollow place under a rock where paul hid during his flight tillhis pursuers gave him up; and to the mausoleum of the five thousandchristians who were massacred in damascus in 1861 by the turks.
they saythose narrow streets ran blood for several days, and that men, women andchildren were butchered indiscriminately and left to rot by hundreds allthrough the christian quarter; they say, further, that the stench wasdreadful.
all the christians who could get away fled from the city, andthe mohammedans would not defile their hands by burying the "infideldogs."
the thirst for blood extended to the high lands of hermon andanti-lebanon, and in a short time twenty-five thousand more christianswere massacred and their possessions laid waste.
how they hate achristian in damascus!--and pretty much all over turkeydom as well.
andhow they will pay for it when russia turns her guns upon them again!
it is soothing to the heart to abuse england and france for interposingto save the ottoman empire from the destruction it has so richly deservedfor a thousand years.
it hurts my vanity to see these pagans refuse toeat of food that has been cooked for us; or to eat from a dish we haveeaten from; or to drink from a goatskin which we have polluted with ourchristian lips, except by filtering the water through a rag which theyput over the mouth of it or through a sponge!
i never disliked achinaman as i do these degraded turks and arabs, and when russia is readyto war with them again, i hope england and france will not find it goodbreeding or good judgment to interfere.
in damascus they think there are no such rivers in all the world as theirlittle abana and pharpar.
the damascenes have always thought that way.
in 2 kings, chapter v., naaman boasts extravagantly about them.
that wasthree thousand years ago.
he says: "are not abana and pharpar rivers ofdamascus, better than all the waters of israel?
may i not wash in themand be clean?"
but some of my readers have forgotten who naaman was,long ago.
naaman was the commander of the syrian armies.
he was thefavorite of the king and lived in great state.
"he was a mighty man ofvalor, but he was a leper."
strangely enough, the house they point outto you now as his, has been turned into a leper hospital, and the inmatesexpose their horrid deformities and hold up their hands and beg forbucksheesh when a stranger enters.
one can not appreciate the horror of this disease until he looks upon itin all its ghastliness, in naaman's ancient dwelling in damascus.
bonesall twisted out of shape, great knots protruding from face and body,joints decaying and dropping away--horrible!
the last twenty-four hours we staid in damascus i lay prostrate with aviolent attack of cholera, or cholera morbus, and therefore had a goodchance and a good excuse to lie there on that wide divan and take anhonest rest.
i had nothing to do but listen to the pattering of thefountains and take medicine and throw it up again.
it was dangerousrecreation, but it was pleasanter than traveling in syria.
i had plentyof snow from mount hermon, and as it would not stay on my stomach, therewas nothing to interfere with my eating it--there was always room formore.
i enjoyed myself very well.
syrian travel has its interestingfeatures, like travel in any other part of the world, and yet to breakyour leg or have the cholera adds a welcome variety to it.
we left damascus at noon and rode across the plain a couple of hours, andthen the party stopped a while in the shade of some fig-trees to give mea chance to rest.
it was the hottest day we had seen yet--the sun-flamesshot down like the shafts of fire that stream out before a blow-pipe--therays seemed to fall in a steady deluge on the head and pass downward likerain from a roof.
i imagined i could distinguish between the floods ofrays--i thought i could tell when each flood struck my head, when itreached my shoulders, and when the next one came.
it was terrible.
allthe desert glared so fiercely that my eyes were swimming in tears all thetime.
the boys had white umbrellas heavily lined with dark green.
theywere a priceless blessing.
i thanked fortune that i had one, too,notwithstanding it was packed up with the baggage and was ten milesahead.
it is madness to travel in syria without an umbrella.
they toldme in beirout (these people who always gorge you with advice) that it wasmadness to travel in syria without an umbrella.
it was on this accountthat i got one.
but, honestly, i think an umbrella is a nuisance any where when itsbusiness is to keep the sun off.
no arab wears a brim to his fez, oruses an umbrella, or any thing to shade his eyes or his face, and healways looks comfortable and proper in the sun.
but of all theridiculous sights i ever have seen, our party of eight is the most so--they do cut such an outlandish figure.
they travel single file; they allwear the endless white rag of constantinople wrapped round and roundtheir hats and dangling down their backs; they all wear thick greenspectacles, with side-glasses to them; they all hold white umbrellas,lined with green, over their heads; without exception their stirrups aretoo short--they are the very worst gang of horsemen on earth, theiranimals to a horse trot fearfully hard--and when they get strung out oneafter the other; glaring straight ahead and breathless; bouncing high andout of turn, all along the line; knees well up and stiff, elbows flappinglike a rooster's that is going to crow, and the long file of umbrellaspopping convulsively up and down--when one sees this outrageous pictureexposed to the light of day, he is amazed that the gods don't get outtheir thunderbolts and destroy them off the face of the earth!
i do--iwonder at it.
i wouldn't let any such caravan go through a country ofmine.
and when the sun drops below the horizon and the boys close theirumbrellas and put them under their arms, it is only a variation of thepicture, not a modification of its absurdity.
but may be you can not see the wild extravagance of my panorama.
youcould if you were here.
here, you feel all the time just as if you wereliving about the year 1200 before christ--or back to the patriarchs--orforward to the new era.
the scenery of the bible is about you--thecustoms of the patriarchs are around you--the same people, in the sameflowing robes, and in sandals, cross your path--the same long trains ofstately camels go and come--the same impressive religious solemnity andsilence rest upon the desert and the mountains that were upon them in theremote ages of antiquity, and behold, intruding upon a scene like this,comes this fantastic mob of green-spectacled yanks, with their flappingelbows and bobbing umbrellas!
it is daniel in the lion's den with agreen cotton umbrella under his arm, all over again.
my umbrella is with the baggage, and so are my green spectacles--andthere they shall stay.
i will not use them.
i will show some respectfor the eternal fitness of things.
it will be bad enough to getsun-struck, without looking ridiculous into the bargain.
if i fall,let me fall bearing about me the semblance of a christian, at least.
three or four hours out from damascus we passed the spot where saul wasso abruptly converted, and from this place we looked back over thescorching desert, and had our last glimpse of beautiful damascus, deckedin its robes of shining green.
after nightfall we reached our tents,just outside of the nasty arab village of jonesborough.
of course thereal name of the place is el something or other, but the boys stillrefuse to recognize the arab names or try to pronounce them.
when i saythat that village is of the usual style, i mean to insinuate that allsyrian villages within fifty miles of damascus are alike--so much alikethat it would require more than human intelligence to tell wherein onediffered from another.
a syrian village is a hive of huts one story high(the height of a man,) and as square as a dry-goods box; it ismud-plastered all over, flat roof and all, and generally whitewashedafter a fashion.
the same roof often extends over half the town,covering many of the streets, which are generally about a yard wide.
when you ride through one of these villages at noon-day, you first meeta melancholy dog, that looks up at you and silently begs that you won'trun over him, but he does not offer to get out of the way; next you meeta young boy without any clothes on, and he holds out his hand and says"bucksheesh!"
--he don't really expect a cent, but then he learned tosay that before he learned to say mother, and now he can not breakhimself of it; next you meet a woman with a black veil drawn closelyover her face, and her bust exposed; finally, you come to severalsore-eyed children and children in all stages of mutilation and decay;and sitting humbly in the dust, and all fringed with filthy rags, is apoor devil whose arms and legs are gnarled and twisted like grape-vines.
these are all the people you are likely to see.
the balance of thepopulation are asleep within doors, or abroad tending goats in theplains and on the hill-sides.
the village is built on some consumptivelittle water-course, and about it is a little fresh-looking vegetation.
beyond this charmed circle, for miles on every side, stretches a wearydesert of sand and gravel, which produces a gray bunchy shrub likesage-brush.
a syrian village is the sorriest sight in the world, andits surroundings are eminently in keeping with it.
i would not have gone into this dissertation upon syrian villages but forthe fact that nimrod, the mighty hunter of scriptural notoriety, isburied in jonesborough, and i wished the public to know about how he islocated.
like homer, he is said to be buried in many other places, butthis is the only true and genuine place his ashes inhabit.
when the original tribes were dispersed, more than four thousand yearsago, nimrod and a large party traveled three or four hundred miles, andsettled where the great city of babylon afterwards stood.
nimrod builtthat city.
he also began to build the famous tower of babel, butcircumstances over which he had no control put it out of his power tofinish it.
he ran it up eight stories high, however, and two of themstill stand, at this day--a colossal mass of brickwork, rent down thecentre by earthquakes, and seared and vitrified by the lightnings of anangry god.
but the vast ruin will still stand for ages, to shame thepuny labors of these modern generations of men.
its huge compartmentsare tenanted by owls and lions, and old nimrod lies neglected in thiswretched village, far from the scene of his grand enterprise.
we left jonesborough very early in the morning, and rode forever andforever and forever, it seemed to me, over parched deserts and rockyhills, hungry, and with no water to drink.
we had drained the goat-skinsdry in a little while.
at noon we halted before the wretched arab townof el yuba dam, perched on the side of a mountain, but the dragoman saidif we applied there for water we would be attacked by the whole tribe,for they did not love christians.
we had to journey on.
two hours laterwe reached the foot of a tall isolated mountain, which is crowned by thecrumbling castle of banias, the stateliest ruin of that kind on earth, nodoubt.
it is a thousand feet long and two hundred wide, all of the mostsymmetrical, and at the same time the most ponderous masonry.
themassive towers and bastions are more than thirty feet high, and have beensixty.
from the mountain's peak its broken turrets rise above the grovesof ancient oaks and olives, and look wonderfully picturesque.
it is ofsuch high antiquity that no man knows who built it or when it was built.
it is utterly inaccessible, except in one place, where a bridle-pathwinds upward among the solid rocks to the old portcullis.
the horses'hoofs have bored holes in these rocks to the depth of six inches duringthe hundreds and hundreds of years that the castle was garrisoned.
wewandered for three hours among the chambers and crypts and dungeons ofthe fortress, and trod where the mailed heels of many a knightly crusaderhad rang, and where phenician heroes had walked ages before them.
we wondered how such a solid mass of masonry could be affected even by anearthquake, and could not understand what agency had made banias a ruin;but we found the destroyer, after a while, and then our wonder wasincreased tenfold.
seeds had fallen in crevices in the vast walls; theseeds had sprouted; the tender, insignificant sprouts had hardened; theygrew larger and larger, and by a steady, imperceptible pressure forcedthe great stones apart, and now are bringing sure destruction upon agiant work that has even mocked the earthquakes to scorn!
gnarled andtwisted trees spring from the old walls every where, and beautify andovershadow the gray battlements with a wild luxuriance of foliage.
from these old towers we looked down upon a broad, far-reaching greenplain, glittering with the pools and rivulets which are the sources ofthe sacred river jordan.
it was a grateful vision, after so much desert.
and as the evening drew near, we clambered down the mountain, throughgroves of the biblical oaks of bashan, (for we were just stepping overthe border and entering the long-sought holy land,) and at its extremefoot, toward the wide valley, we entered this little execrable village ofbanias and camped in a great grove of olive trees near a torrent ofsparkling water whose banks are arrayed in fig-trees, pomegranates andoleanders in full leaf.
barring the proximity of the village, it is asort of paradise.
the very first thing one feels like doing when he gets into camp, allburning up and dusty, is to hunt up a bath.
we followed the stream up towhere it gushes out of the mountain side, three hundred yards from thetents, and took a bath that was so icy that if i did not know this wasthe main source of the sacred river, i would expect harm to come of it.
it was bathing at noonday in the chilly source of the abana, "river ofdamascus," that gave me the cholera, so dr. b.  said.
however, itgenerally does give me the cholera to take a bath.
the incorrigible pilgrims have come in with their pockets full ofspecimens broken from the ruins.
i wish this vandalism could be stopped.
they broke off fragments from noah's tomb; from the exquisite sculpturesof the temples of baalbec; from the houses of judas and ananias, indamascus; from the tomb of nimrod the mighty hunter in jonesborough; fromthe worn greek and roman inscriptions set in the hoary walls of thecastle of banias; and now they have been hacking and chipping these oldarches here that jesus looked upon in the flesh.
heaven protect thesepulchre when this tribe invades jerusalem!
the ruins here are not very interesting.
there are the massive walls ofa great square building that was once the citadel; there are manyponderous old arches that are so smothered with debris that they barelyproject above the ground; there are heavy-walled sewers through which thecrystal brook of which jordan is born still runs; in the hill-side arethe substructions of a costly marble temple that herod the great builthere--patches of its handsome mosaic floors still remain; there is aquaint old stone bridge that was here before herod's time, may be;scattered every where, in the paths and in the woods, are corinthiancapitals, broken porphyry pillars, and little fragments of sculpture; andup yonder in the precipice where the fountain gushes out, are well-worngreek inscriptions over niches in the rock where in ancient times thegreeks, and after them the romans, worshipped the sylvan god pan.
buttrees and bushes grow above many of these ruins now; the miserable hutsof a little crew of filthy arabs are perched upon the broken masonry ofantiquity, the whole place has a sleepy, stupid, rural look about it, andone can hardly bring himself to believe that a busy, substantially builtcity once existed here, even two thousand years ago.
the place wasnevertheless the scene of an event whose effects have added page afterpage and volume after volume to the world's history.
for in this placechrist stood when he said to peter:     "thou art peter; and upon this rock will i build my church, and the     gates of hell shall not prevail against it.
and i will give unto     thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt     bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt     loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven."
on those little sentences have been built up the mighty edifice of thechurch of rome; in them lie the authority for the imperial power of thepopes over temporal affairs, and their godlike power to curse a soul orwash it white from sin.
to sustain the position of "the only truechurch," which rome claims was thus conferred upon her, she has foughtand labored and struggled for many a century, and will continue to keepherself busy in the same work to the end of time.
the memorable words ihave quoted give to this ruined city about all the interest it possessesto people of the present day.
it seems curious enough to us to be standing on ground that was onceactually pressed by the feet of the saviour.
the situation is suggestiveof a reality and a tangibility that seem at variance with the vaguenessand mystery and ghostliness that one naturally attaches to the characterof a god.
i can not comprehend yet that i am sitting where a god hasstood, and looking upon the brook and the mountains which that god lookedupon, and am surrounded by dusky men and women whose ancestors saw him,and even talked with him, face to face, and carelessly, just as theywould have done with any other stranger.
i can not comprehend this; thegods of my understanding have been always hidden in clouds and very faraway.
this morning, during breakfast, the usual assemblage of squalid humanitysat patiently without the charmed circle of the camp and waited for suchcrumbs as pity might bestow upon their misery.
there were old and young,brown-skinned and yellow.
some of the men were tall and stalwart, (forone hardly sees any where such splendid-looking men as here in the east,)but all the women and children looked worn and sad, and distressed withhunger.
they reminded me much of indians, did these people.
they hadbut little clothing, but such as they had was fanciful in character andfantastic in its arrangement.
any little absurd gewgaw or gimcrack theyhad they disposed in such a way as to make it attract attention mostreadily.
they sat in silence, and with tireless patience watched ourevery motion with that vile, uncomplaining impoliteness which is so trulyindian, and which makes a white man so nervous and uncomfortable andsavage that he wants to exterminate the whole tribe.
these people about us had other peculiarities, which i have noticed inthe noble red man, too: they were infested with vermin, and the dirt hadcaked on them till it amounted to bark.
the little children were in a pitiable condition--they all had sore eyes,and were otherwise afflicted in various ways.
they say that hardly anative child in all the east is free from sore eyes, and that thousandsof them go blind of one eye or both every year.
i think this must be so,for i see plenty of blind people every day, and i do not remember seeingany children that hadn't sore eyes.
and, would you suppose that anamerican mother could sit for an hour, with her child in her arms, andlet a hundred flies roost upon its eyes all that time undisturbed?
i seethat every day.
it makes my flesh creep.
yesterday we met a womanriding on a little jackass, and she had a little child in her arms--honestly, i thought the child had goggles on as we approached, and iwondered how its mother could afford so much style.
but when we drewnear, we saw that the goggles were nothing but a camp meeting of fliesassembled around each of the child's eyes, and at the same time there wasa detachment prospecting its nose.
the flies were happy, the child wascontented, and so the mother did not interfere.
as soon as the tribe found out that we had a doctor in our party, theybegan to flock in from all quarters.
dr. b., in the charity of hisnature, had taken a child from a woman who sat near by, and put some sortof a wash upon its diseased eyes.
that woman went off and started thewhole nation, and it was a sight to see them swarm!
the lame, the halt,the blind, the leprous--all the distempers that are bred of indolence,dirt, and iniquity--were represented in the congress in ten minutes, andstill they came!
every woman that had a sick baby brought it along, andevery woman that hadn't, borrowed one.
what reverent and what worshipinglooks they bent upon that dread, mysterious power, the doctor!
theywatched him take his phials out; they watched him measure the particlesof white powder; they watched him add drops of one precious liquid, anddrops of another; they lost not the slightest movement; their eyes wereriveted upon him with a fascination that nothing could distract.
i believe they thought he was gifted like a god.
when each individualgot his portion of medicine, his eyes were radiant with joy--notwithstanding by nature they are a thankless and impassive race--andupon his face was written the unquestioning faith that nothing on earthcould prevent the patient from getting well now.
christ knew how to preach to these simple, superstitious,disease-tortured creatures: he healed the sick.
they flocked to ourpoor human doctor this morning when the fame of what he had done to thesick child went abroad in the land, and they worshiped him with theireyes while they did not know as yet whether there was virtue in hissimples or not.
the ancestors of these--people precisely like them incolor, dress, manners, customs, simplicity--flocked in vast multitudesafter christ, and when they saw him make the afflicted whole with aword, it is no wonder they worshiped him.
no wonder his deeds were thetalk of the nation.
no wonder the multitude that followed him was sogreat that at one time--thirty miles from here--they had to let a sickman down through the roof because no approach could be made to the door;no wonder his audiences were so great at galilee that he had to preachfrom a ship removed a little distance from the shore; no wonder thateven in the desert places about bethsaida, five thousand invaded hissolitude, and he had to feed them by a miracle or else see them sufferfor their confiding faith and devotion; no wonder when there was a greatcommotion in a city in those days, one neighbor explained it to anotherin words to this effect: "they say that jesus of nazareth is come!"
well, as i was saying, the doctor distributed medicine as long as he hadany to distribute, and his reputation is mighty in galilee this day.
among his patients was the child of the shiek's daughter--for even thispoor, ragged handful of sores and sin has its royal shiek--a poor oldmummy that looked as if he would be more at home in a poor-house than inthe chief magistracy of this tribe of hopeless, shirtless savages.
theprincess--i mean the shiek's daughter--was only thirteen or fourteenyears old, and had a very sweet face and a pretty one.
she was the onlysyrian female we have seen yet who was not so sinfully ugly that shecouldn't smile after ten o'clock saturday night without breaking thesabbath.
her child was a hard specimen, though--there wasn't enough ofit to make a pie, and the poor little thing looked so pleadingly up atall who came near it (as if it had an idea that now was its chance ornever,) that we were filled with compassion which was genuine and not puton.
but this last new horse i have got is trying to break his neck over thetent-ropes, and i shall have to go out and anchor him.
jericho and ihave parted company.
the new horse is not much to boast of, i think.
one of his hind legs bends the wrong way, and the other one is asstraight and stiff as a tent-pole.
most of his teeth are gone, and he isas blind as bat.
his nose has been broken at some time or other, and isarched like a culvert now.
his under lip hangs down like a camel's, andhis ears are chopped off close to his head.
i had some trouble at firstto find a name for him, but i finally concluded to call him baalbec,because he is such a magnificent ruin.
i can not keep from talking aboutmy horses, because i have a very long and tedious journey before me, andthey naturally occupy my thoughts about as much as matters of apparentlymuch greater importance.
we satisfied our pilgrims by making those hard rides from baalbec todamascus, but dan's horse and jack's were so crippled we had to leavethem behind and get fresh animals for them.
the dragoman says jack'shorse died.
i swapped horses with mohammed, the kingly-looking egyptianwho is our ferguson's lieutenant.
by ferguson i mean our dragomanabraham, of course.
i did not take this horse on account of his personalappearance, but because i have not seen his back.
i do not wish to seeit.
i have seen the backs of all the other horses, and found most ofthem covered with dreadful saddle-boils which i know have not been washedor doctored for years.
the idea of riding all day long over such ghastlyinquisitions of torture is sickening.
my horse must be like the others,but i have at least the consolation of not knowing it to be so.
i hope that in future i may be spared any more sentimental praises of thearab's idolatry of his horse.
in boyhood i longed to be an arab of thedesert and have a beautiful mare, and call her selim or benjamin ormohammed, and feed her with my own hands, and let her come into the tent,and teach her to caress me and look fondly upon me with her great tendereyes; and i wished that a stranger might come at such a time and offer mea hundred thousand dollars for her, so that i could do like the otherarabs--hesitate, yearn for the money, but overcome by my love for mymare, at last say, "part with thee, my beautiful one!
never with mylife!
away, tempter, i scorn thy gold!"
and then bound into the saddleand speed over the desert like the wind!
but i recall those aspirations.
if these arabs be like the other arabs,their love for their beautiful mares is a fraud.
these of myacquaintance have no love for their horses, no sentiment of pity forthem, and no knowledge of how to treat them or care for them.
the syriansaddle-blanket is a quilted mattress two or three inches thick.
it isnever removed from the horse, day or night.
it gets full of dirt andhair, and becomes soaked with sweat.
it is bound to breed sores.
thesepirates never think of washing a horse's back.
they do not shelter thehorses in the tents, either--they must stay out and take the weather asit comes.
look at poor cropped and dilapidated "baalbec," and weep forthe sentiment that has been wasted upon the selims of romance!
about an hour's ride over a rough, rocky road, half flooded with water,and through a forest of oaks of bashan, brought us to dan.
from a little mound here in the plain issues a broad stream of limpidwater and forms a large shallow pool, and then rushes furiously onward,augmented in volume.
this puddle is an important source of the jordan.
its banks, and those of the brook are respectably adorned with bloomingoleanders, but the unutterable beauty of the spot will not throw awell-balanced man into convulsions, as the syrian books of travel wouldlead one to suppose.
from the spot i am speaking of, a cannon-ball would carry beyond theconfines of holy land and light upon profane ground three miles away.
we were only one little hour's travel within the borders of holy land--wehad hardly begun to appreciate yet that we were standing upon anydifferent sort of earth than that we had always been used to, and see howthe historic names began already to cluster!
dan--bashan--lake huleh--the sources of jordan--the sea of galilee.
they were all in sight butthe last, and it was not far away.
the little township of bashan wasonce the kingdom so famous in scripture for its bulls and its oaks.
lake huleh is the biblical "waters of merom."
dan was the northern andbeersheba the southern limit of palestine--hence the expression "from danto beersheba."
it is equivalent to our phrases "from maine to texas"--"from baltimore to san francisco."
our expression and that of theisraelites both mean the same--great distance.
with their slow camelsand asses, it was about a seven days' journey from dan to beersheba---saya hundred and fifty or sixty miles--it was the entire length of theircountry, and was not to be undertaken without great preparation and muchceremony.
when the prodigal traveled to "a far country," it is notlikely that he went more than eighty or ninety miles.
palestine is onlyfrom forty to sixty miles wide.
the state of missouri could be splitinto three palestines, and there would then be enough material left forpart of another--possibly a whole one.
from baltimore to san franciscois several thousand miles, but it will be only a seven days' journey inthe cars when i am two or three years older.--[the railroad has beencompleted since the above was written.]
--if i live i shall necessarilyhave to go across the continent every now and then in those cars, but onejourney from dan to beersheba will be sufficient, no doubt.
it must bethe most trying of the two.
therefore, if we chance to discover thatfrom dan to beersheba seemed a mighty stretch of country to theisraelites, let us not be airy with them, but reflect that it was and isa mighty stretch when one can not traverse it by rail.
the small mound i have mentioned a while ago was once occupied by thephenician city of laish.
a party of filibusters from zorah and escholcaptured the place, and lived there in a free and easy way, worshipinggods of their own manufacture and stealing idols from their neighborswhenever they wore their own out.
jeroboam set up a golden calf here tofascinate his people and keep them from making dangerous trips tojerusalem to worship, which might result in a return to their rightfulallegiance.
with all respect for those ancient israelites, i can notoverlook the fact that they were not always virtuous enough to withstandthe seductions of a golden calf.
human nature has not changed much sincethen.
some forty centuries ago the city of sodom was pillaged by the arabprinces of mesopotamia, and among other prisoners they seized upon thepatriarch lot and brought him here on their way to their own possessions.
they brought him to dan, and father abraham, who was pursuing them, creptsoftly in at dead of night, among the whispering oleanders and under theshadows of the stately oaks, and fell upon the slumbering victors andstartled them from their dreams with the clash of steel.
he recapturedlot and all the other plunder.
we moved on.
we were now in a green valley, five or six miles wide andfifteen long.
the streams which are called the sources of the jordanflow through it to lake huleh, a shallow pond three miles in diameter,and from the southern extremity of the lake the concentrated jordan flowsout.
the lake is surrounded by a broad marsh, grown with reeds.
betweenthe marsh and the mountains which wall the valley is a respectable stripof fertile land; at the end of the valley, toward dan, as much as halfthe land is solid and fertile, and watered by jordan's sources.
there isenough of it to make a farm.
it almost warrants the enthusiasm of thespies of that rabble of adventurers who captured dan.
they said: "wehave seen the land, and behold it is very good.
* * *  a place wherethere is no want of any thing that is in the earth."
their enthusiasm was at least warranted by the fact that they had neverseen a country as good as this.
there was enough of it for the amplesupport of their six hundred men and their families, too.
when we got fairly down on the level part of the danite farm, we came toplaces where we could actually run our horses.
it was a notablecircumstance.
we had been painfully clambering over interminable hills and rocks fordays together, and when we suddenly came upon this astonishing piece ofrockless plain, every man drove the spurs into his horse and sped awaywith a velocity he could surely enjoy to the utmost, but could never hopeto comprehend in syria.
here were evidences of cultivation--a rare sight in this country--an acreor two of rich soil studded with last season's dead corn-stalks of thethickness of your thumb and very wide apart.
but in such a land it was athrilling spectacle.
close to it was a stream, and on its banks a greatherd of curious-looking syrian goats and sheep were gratefully eatinggravel.
i do not state this as a petrified fact--i only suppose theywere eating gravel, because there did not appear to be any thing else forthem to eat.
the shepherds that tended them were the very pictures ofjoseph and his brethren i have no doubt in the world.
they were tall,muscular, and very dark-skinned bedouins, with inky black beards.
theyhad firm lips, unquailing eyes, and a kingly stateliness of bearing.
they wore the parti-colored half bonnet, half hood, with fringed endsfalling upon their shoulders, and the full, flowing robe barred withbroad black stripes--the dress one sees in all pictures of the swarthysons of the desert.
these chaps would sell their younger brothers ifthey had a chance, i think.
they have the manners, the customs, thedress, the occupation and the loose principles of the ancient stock.
[they attacked our camp last night, and i bear them no good will.]
they had with them the pigmy jackasses one sees all over syria andremembers in all pictures of the "flight into egypt," where mary and theyoung child are riding and joseph is walking alongside, towering highabove the little donkey's shoulders.
but really, here the man rides and carries the child, as a general thing,and the woman walks.
the customs have not changed since joseph's time.
we would not have in our houses a picture representing joseph riding andmary walking; we would see profanation in it, but a syrian christianwould not.
i know that hereafter the picture i first spoke of will lookodd to me.
we could not stop to rest two or three hours out from our camp, ofcourse, albeit the brook was beside us.
so we went on an hour longer.
we saw water, then, but nowhere in all the waste around was there a footof shade, and we were scorching to death.
"like unto the shadow of agreat rock in a weary land."
nothing in the bible is more beautiful thanthat, and surely there is no place we have wandered to that is able togive it such touching expression as this blistering, naked, treelessland.
here you do not stop just when you please, but when you can.
we foundwater, but no shade.
we traveled on and found a tree at last, but nowater.
we rested and lunched, and came on to this place, ain mellahah(the boys call it baldwinsville.)
it was a very short day's run, but thedragoman does not want to go further, and has invented a plausible lieabout the country beyond this being infested by ferocious arabs, whowould make sleeping in their midst a dangerous pastime.
well, they oughtto be dangerous.
they carry a rusty old weather-beaten flint-lock gun,with a barrel that is longer than themselves; it has no sights on it, itwill not carry farther than a brickbat, and is not half so certain.
andthe great sash they wear in many a fold around their waists has two orthree absurd old horse-pistols in it that are rusty from eternal disuse--weapons that would hang fire just about long enough for you to walk outof range, and then burst and blow the arab's head off.
exceedinglydangerous these sons of the desert are.
it used to make my blood run cold to read wm.
c. grimes' hairbreadthescapes from bedouins, but i think i could read them now without atremor.
he never said he was attacked by bedouins, i believe, or wasever treated uncivilly, but then in about every other chapter hediscovered them approaching, any how, and he had a blood-curdling fashionof working up the peril; and of wondering how his relations far awaywould feel could they see their poor wandering boy, with his weary feetand his dim eyes, in such fearful danger; and of thinking for the lasttime of the old homestead, and the dear old church, and the cow, andthose things; and of finally straightening his form to its utmost heightin the saddle, drawing his trusty revolver, and then dashing the spursinto "mohammed" and sweeping down upon the ferocious enemy determined tosell his life as dearly as possible.
true the bedouins never did anything to him when he arrived, and never had any intention of doing anything to him in the first place, and wondered what in the mischief he wasmaking all that to-do about; but still i could not divest myself of theidea, somehow, that a frightful peril had been escaped through that man'sdare-devil bravery, and so i never could read about wm.
c. grimes'bedouins and sleep comfortably afterward.
but i believe the bedouins tobe a fraud, now.
i have seen the monster, and i can outrun him.
i shallnever be afraid of his daring to stand behind his own gun and dischargeit.
about fifteen hundred years before christ, this camp-ground of ours bythe waters of merom was the scene of one of joshua's exterminatingbattles.
jabin, king of hazor, (up yonder above dan,) called all thesheiks about him together, with their hosts, to make ready for israel'sterrible general who was approaching.
"and when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched     together by the waters of merom, to fight against israel.
and they     went out, they and all their hosts with them, much people, even as     the sand that is upon the sea-shore for multitude," etc.
but joshua fell upon them and utterly destroyed them, root and branch.
that was his usual policy in war.
he never left any chance for newspapercontroversies about who won the battle.
he made this valley, so quietnow, a reeking slaughter-pen.
somewhere in this part of the country--i do not know exactly where--israel fought another bloody battle a hundred years later.
deborah, theprophetess, told barak to take ten thousand men and sally forth againstanother king jabin who had been doing something.
barak came down frommount tabor, twenty or twenty-five miles from here, and gave battle tojabin's forces, who were in command of sisera.
barak won the fight, andwhile he was making the victory complete by the usual method ofexterminating the remnant of the defeated host, sisera fled away on foot,and when he was nearly exhausted by fatigue and thirst, one jael, a womanhe seems to have been acquainted with, invited him to come into her tentand rest himself.
the weary soldier acceded readily enough, and jael puthim to bed.
he said he was very thirsty, and asked his generouspreserver to get him a cup of water.
she brought him some milk, and hedrank of it gratefully and lay down again, to forget in pleasant dreamshis lost battle and his humbled pride.
presently when he was asleep shecame softly in with a hammer and drove a hideous tent-pen down throughhis brain!
"for he was fast asleep and weary.
so he died."
such is the touchinglanguage of the bible.
"the song of deborah and barak" praises jael forthe memorable service she had rendered, in an exultant strain:     "blessed above women shall jael the wife of heber the kenite be,     blessed shall she be above women in the tent.
"he asked for water, and she gave him milk; she brought forth butter     in a lordly dish.
"she put her hand to the nail, and her right hand to the workman's     hammer; and with the hammer she smote sisera, she smote off his head     when she had pierced and stricken through his temples.
"at her feet he bowed, he fell, he lay down: at her feet he bowed,     he fell: where he bowed, there he fell down dead."
stirring scenes like these occur in this valley no more.
there is not asolitary village throughout its whole extent--not for thirty miles ineither direction.
there are two or three small clusters of bedouintents, but not a single permanent habitation.
one may ride ten miles,hereabouts, and not see ten human beings.
to this region one of the prophecies is applied:     "i will bring the land into desolation; and your enemies which dwell     therein shall be astonished at it.
and i will scatter you among the     heathen, and i will draw out a sword after you; and your land shall     be desolate and your cities waste."
no man can stand here by deserted ain mellahah and say the prophecy hasnot been fulfilled.
in a verse from the bible which i have quoted above, occurs the phrase"all these kings."
it attracted my attention in a moment, because itcarries to my mind such a vastly different significance from what italways did at home.
i can see easily enough that if i wish to profit bythis tour and come to a correct understanding of the matters of interestconnected with it, i must studiously and faithfully unlearn a great manythings i have somehow absorbed concerning palestine.
i must begin asystem of reduction.
like my grapes which the spies bore out of thepromised land, i have got every thing in palestine on too large a scale.
some of my ideas were wild enough.
the word palestine always brought tomy mind a vague suggestion of a country as large as the united states.
i do not know why, but such was the case.
i suppose it was because icould not conceive of a small country having so large a history.
i thinki was a little surprised to find that the grand sultan of turkey was aman of only ordinary size.
i must try to reduce my ideas of palestine toa more reasonable shape.
one gets large impressions in boyhood,sometimes, which he has to fight against all his life.
when i used to read that in sunday school, it suggested to methe several kings of such countries as england, france, spain, germany,russia, etc., arrayed in splendid robes ablaze with jewels, marching ingrave procession, with sceptres of gold in their hands and flashingcrowns upon their heads.
but here in ain mellahah, after coming throughsyria, and after giving serious study to the character and customs of thecountry, the phrase "all these kings" loses its grandeur.
it suggestsonly a parcel of petty chiefs--ill-clad and ill-conditioned savages muchlike our indians, who lived in full sight of each other and whose"kingdoms" were large when they were five miles square and contained twothousand souls.
the combined monarchies of the thirty "kings" destroyedby joshua on one of his famous campaigns, only covered an area aboutequal to four of our counties of ordinary size.
the poor old sheik wesaw at cesarea philippi with his ragged band of a hundred followers,would have been called a "king" in those ancient times.
it is seven in the morning, and as we are in the country, the grass oughtto be sparkling with dew, the flowers enriching the air with theirfragrance, and the birds singing in the trees.
but alas, there is no dewhere, nor flowers, nor birds, nor trees.
there is a plain and anunshaded lake, and beyond them some barren mountains.
the tents aretumbling, the arabs are quarreling like dogs and cats, as usual, thecampground is strewn with packages and bundles, the labor of packing themupon the backs of the mules is progressing with great activity, thehorses are saddled, the umbrellas are out, and in ten minutes we shallmount and the long procession will move again.
the white city of themellahah, resurrected for a moment out of the dead centuries, will havedisappeared again and left no sign.
we traversed some miles of desolate country whose soil is rich enough,but is given over wholly to weeds--a silent, mournful expanse, wherein wesaw only three persons--arabs, with nothing on but a long coarse shirtlike the "tow-linen" shirts which used to form the only summer garment oflittle negro boys on southern plantations.
shepherds they were, and theycharmed their flocks with the traditional shepherd's pipe--a reedinstrument that made music as exquisitely infernal as these same arabscreate when they sing.
in their pipes lingered no echo of the wonderful music the shepherdforefathers heard in the plains of bethlehem what time the angels sang"peace on earth, good will to men."
part of the ground we came over was not ground at all, butrocks--cream-colored rocks, worn smooth, as if by water; with seldom anedge or a corner on them, but scooped out, honey-combed, bored out witheye-holes, and thus wrought into all manner of quaint shapes, amongwhich the uncouth imitation of skulls was frequent.
over this part ofthe route were occasional remains of an old roman road like the appianway, whose paving-stones still clung to their places with romantenacity.
gray lizards, those heirs of ruin, of sepulchres and desolation, glidedin and out among the rocks or lay still and sunned themselves.
whereprosperity has reigned, and fallen; where glory has flamed, and gone out;where beauty has dwelt, and passed away; where gladness was, and sorrowis; where the pomp of life has been, and silence and death brood in itshigh places, there this reptile makes his home, and mocks at humanvanity.
his coat is the color of ashes: and ashes are the symbol ofhopes that have perished, of aspirations that came to nought, of lovesthat are buried.
if he could speak, he would say, build temples: i willlord it in their ruins; build palaces: i will inhabit them; erectempires: i will inherit them; bury your beautiful: i will watch the wormsat their work; and you, who stand here and moralize over me: i will crawlover your corpse at the last.
a few ants were in this desert place, but merely to spend the summer.
they brought their provisions from ain mellahah--eleven miles.
jack is not very well to-day, it is easy to see; but boy as he is, he istoo much of a man to speak of it.
he exposed himself to the sun too muchyesterday, but since it came of his earnest desire to learn, and to makethis journey as useful as the opportunities will allow, no one seeks todiscourage him by fault-finding.
we missed him an hour from the camp,and then found him some distance away, by the edge of a brook, and withno umbrella to protect him from the fierce sun.
if he had been used togoing without his umbrella, it would have been well enough, of course;but he was not.
he was just in the act of throwing a clod at amud-turtle which was sunning itself on a small log in the brook.
we said:"don't do that, jack.
what do you want to harm him for?
what has hedone?"
"well, then, i won't kill him, but i ought to, because he is a fraud."
we asked him why, but he said it was no matter.
we asked him why, onceor twice, as we walked back to the camp but he still said it was nomatter.
but late at night, when he was sitting in a thoughtful mood onthe bed, we asked him again and he said:"well, it don't matter; i don't mind it now, but i did not like it today,you know, because i don't tell any thing that isn't so, and i don't thinkthe colonel ought to, either.
but he did; he told us at prayers in thepilgrims' tent, last night, and he seemed as if he was reading it out ofthe bible, too, about this country flowing with milk and honey, and aboutthe voice of the turtle being heard in the land.
i thought that wasdrawing it a little strong, about the turtles, any how, but i asked mr.church if it was so, and he said it was, and what mr. church tells me, ibelieve.
but i sat there and watched that turtle nearly an hour today,and i almost burned up in the sun; but i never heard him sing.
i believei sweated a double handful of sweat---i know i did--because it got in myeyes, and it was running down over my nose all the time; and you know mypants are tighter than any body else's--paris foolishness--and thebuckskin seat of them got wet with sweat, and then got dry again andbegan to draw up and pinch and tear loose--it was awful--but i neverheard him sing.
finally i said, this is a fraud--that is what it is, itis a fraud--and if i had had any sense i might have known a cursedmud-turtle couldn't sing.
and then i said, i don't wish to be hard onthis fellow, and i will just give him ten minutes to commence; tenminutes--and then if he don't, down goes his building.
but he didn'tcommence, you know.
i had staid there all that time, thinking may be hemight, pretty soon, because he kept on raising his head up and lettingit down, and drawing the skin over his eyes for a minute and thenopening them out again, as if he was trying to study up something tosing, but just as the ten minutes were up and i was all beat out andblistered, he laid his blamed head down on a knot and went fast asleep."
"it was a little hard, after you had waited so long."
"i should think so.
i said, well, if you won't sing, you shan't sleep,any way; and if you fellows had let me alone i would have made him shinout of galilee quicker than any turtle ever did yet.
but it isn't anymatter now--let it go.
the skin is all off the back of my neck."
about ten in the morning we halted at joseph's pit.
this is a ruinedkhan of the middle ages, in one of whose side courts is a great walledand arched pit with water in it, and this pit, one tradition says, is theone joseph's brethren cast him into.
a more authentic tradition, aidedby the geography of the country, places the pit in dothan, some two days'journey from here.
however, since there are many who believe in thispresent pit as the true one, it has its interest.
it is hard to make a choice of the most beautiful passage in a book whichis so gemmed with beautiful passages as the bible; but it is certain thatnot many things within its lids may take rank above the exquisite storyof joseph.
who taught those ancient writers their simplicity oflanguage, their felicity of expression, their pathos, and above all,their faculty of sinking themselves entirely out of sight of the readerand making the narrative stand out alone and seem to tell itself?
shakspeare is always present when one reads his book; macaulay is presentwhen we follow the march of his stately sentences; but the old testamentwriters are hidden from view.
if the pit i have been speaking of is the right one, a scene transpiredthere, long ages ago, which is familiar to us all in pictures.
the sonsof jacob had been pasturing their flocks near there.
their father grewuneasy at their long absence, and sent joseph, his favorite, to see ifany thing had gone wrong with them.
he traveled six or seven days'journey; he was only seventeen years old, and, boy like, he toiledthrough that long stretch of the vilest, rockiest, dustiest country inasia, arrayed in the pride of his heart, his beautiful claw-hammer coatof many colors.
joseph was the favorite, and that was one crime in theeyes of his brethren; he had dreamed dreams, and interpreted them toforeshadow his elevation far above all his family in the far future, andthat was another; he was dressed well and had doubtless displayed theharmless vanity of youth in keeping the fact prominently before hisbrothers.
these were crimes his elders fretted over among themselves andproposed to punish when the opportunity should offer.
when they saw himcoming up from the sea of galilee, they recognized him and were glad.
they said, "lo, here is this dreamer--let us kill him."
but reubenpleaded for his life, and they spared it.
but they seized the boy, andstripped the hated coat from his back and pushed him into the pit.
theyintended to let him die there, but reuben intended to liberate himsecretly.
however, while reuben was away for a little while, thebrethren sold joseph to some ishmaelitish merchants who were journeyingtowards egypt.
such is the history of the pit.
and the self-same pit isthere in that place, even to this day; and there it will remain until thenext detachment of image-breakers and tomb desecraters arrives from thequaker city excursion, and they will infallibly dig it up and carry itaway with them.
for behold in them is no reverence for the solemnmonuments of the past, and whithersoever they go they destroy and sparenot.
joseph became rich, distinguished, powerful--as the bible expresses it,"lord over all the land of egypt."
joseph was the real king, thestrength, the brain of the monarchy, though pharaoh held the title.
joseph is one of the truly great men of the old testament.
and he wasthe noblest and the manliest, save esau.
why shall we not say a goodword for the princely bedouin?
the only crime that can be broughtagainst him is that he was unfortunate.
why must every body praisejoseph's great-hearted generosity to his cruel brethren, without stint offervent language, and fling only a reluctant bone of praise to esau forhis still sublimer generosity to the brother who had wronged him?
jacobtook advantage of esau's consuming hunger to rob him of his birthrightand the great honor and consideration that belonged to the position; bytreachery and falsehood he robbed him of his father's blessing; he madeof him a stranger in his home, and a wanderer.
yet after twenty yearshad passed away and jacob met esau and fell at his feet quaking with fearand begging piteously to be spared the punishment he knew he deserved,what did that magnificent savage do?
he fell upon his neck and embracedhim!
when jacob--who was incapable of comprehending nobility ofcharacter--still doubting, still fearing, insisted upon "finding gracewith my lord" by the bribe of a present of cattle, what did the gorgeousson of the desert say?
"nay, i have enough, my brother; keep that thou hast unto thyself!"
esau found jacob rich, beloved by wives and children, and traveling instate, with servants, herds of cattle and trains of camels--but hehimself was still the uncourted outcast this brother had made him.
afterthirteen years of romantic mystery, the brethren who had wronged joseph,came, strangers in a strange land, hungry and humble, to buy "a littlefood"; and being summoned to a palace, charged with crime, they beheld inits owner their wronged brother; they were trembling beggars--he, thelord of a mighty empire!
what joseph that ever lived would have thrownaway such a chance to "show off?"
who stands first--outcast esauforgiving jacob in prosperity, or joseph on a king's throne forgiving theragged tremblers whose happy rascality placed him there?
just before we came to joseph's pit, we had "raised" a hill, and there, afew miles before us, with not a tree or a shrub to interrupt the view,lay a vision which millions of worshipers in the far lands of the earthwould give half their possessions to see--the sacred sea of galilee!
therefore we tarried only a short time at the pit.
we rested the horsesand ourselves, and felt for a few minutes the blessed shade of theancient buildings.
we were out of water, but the two or three scowlingarabs, with their long guns, who were idling about the place, said theyhad none and that there was none in the vicinity.
they knew there was alittle brackish water in the pit, but they venerated a place made sacredby their ancestor's imprisonment too much to be willing to see christiandogs drink from it.
but ferguson tied rags and handkerchiefs togethertill he made a rope long enough to lower a vessel to the bottom, and wedrank and then rode on; and in a short time we dismounted on those shoreswhich the feet of the saviour have made holy ground.
at noon we took a swim in the sea of galilee--a blessed privilege in thisroasting climate--and then lunched under a neglected old fig-tree at thefountain they call ain-et-tin, a hundred yards from ruined capernaum.
every rivulet that gurgles out of the rocks and sands of this part of theworld is dubbed with the title of "fountain," and people familiar withthe hudson, the great lakes and the mississippi fall into transports ofadmiration over them, and exhaust their powers of composition in writingtheir praises.
if all the poetry and nonsense that have been dischargedupon the fountains and the bland scenery of this region were collected ina book, it would make a most valuable volume to burn.
during luncheon, the pilgrim enthusiasts of our party, who had been solight-hearted and so happy ever since they touched holy ground that theydid little but mutter incoherent rhapsodies, could scarcely eat, soanxious were they to "take shipping" and sail in very person upon thewaters that had borne the vessels of the apostles.
their anxiety grewand their excitement augmented with every fleeting moment, until my fearswere aroused and i began to have misgivings that in their presentcondition they might break recklessly loose from all considerations ofprudence and buy a whole fleet of ships to sail in instead of hiring asingle one for an hour, as quiet folk are wont to do.
i trembled tothink of the ruined purses this day's performances might result in.
i could not help reflecting bodingly upon the intemperate zeal with whichmiddle-aged men are apt to surfeit themselves upon a seductive follywhich they have tasted for the first time.
and yet i did not feel thati had a right to be surprised at the state of things which was giving meso much concern.
these men had been taught from infancy to revere,almost to worship, the holy places whereon their happy eyes were restingnow.
for many and many a year this very picture had visited theirthoughts by day and floated through their dreams by night.
to standbefore it in the flesh--to see it as they saw it now--to sail upon thehallowed sea, and kiss the holy soil that compassed it about: these wereaspirations they had cherished while a generation dragged its laggingseasons by and left its furrows in their faces and its frosts upon theirhair.
to look upon this picture, and sail upon this sea, they hadforsaken home and its idols and journeyed thousands and thousands ofmiles, in weariness and tribulation.
what wonder that the sordid lightsof work-day prudence should pale before the glory of a hope like theirsin the full splendor of its fruition?
let them squander millions!
i said--who speaks of money at a time like this?
in this frame of mind i followed, as fast as i could, the eager footstepsof the pilgrims, and stood upon the shore of the lake, and swelled, withhat and voice, the frantic hail they sent after the "ship" that wasspeeding by.
it was a success.
the toilers of the sea ran in andbeached their barque.
joy sat upon every countenance.
"how much?--ask him how much, ferguson!--how much to take us all--eightof us, and you--to bethsaida, yonder, and to the mouth of jordan, and tothe place where the swine ran down into the sea--quick!--and we want tocoast around every where--every where!--all day long!--i could sail ayear in these waters!--and tell him we'll stop at magdala and finish attiberias!--ask him how much?--any thing--any thing whatever!--tell him wedon't care what the expense is!"
[i said to myself, i knew how it wouldbe.]
ferguson--(interpreting)--"he says two napoleons--eight dollars."
one or two countenances fell.
then a pause.
"too much!--we'll give him one!"
i never shall know how it was--i shudder yet when i think how the placeis given to miracles--but in a single instant of time, as it seemed tome, that ship was twenty paces from the shore, and speeding away like afrightened thing!
eight crestfallen creatures stood upon the shore, ando, to think of it!
this--this--after all that overmastering ecstacy!
oh, shameful, shameful ending, after such unseemly boasting!
it was toomuch like "ho!
let me at him!"
followed by a prudent "two of you holdhim--one can hold me!"
instantly there was wailing and gnashing of teeth in the camp.
the twonapoleons were offered--more if necessary--and pilgrims and dragomanshouted themselves hoarse with pleadings to the retreating boatmen tocome back.
but they sailed serenely away and paid no further heed topilgrims who had dreamed all their lives of some day skimming over thesacred waters of galilee and listening to its hallowed story in thewhisperings of its waves, and had journeyed countless leagues to do it,and--and then concluded that the fare was too high.
impertinentmohammedan arabs, to think such things of gentlemen of another faith!
well, there was nothing to do but just submit and forego the privilege ofvoyaging on genessaret, after coming half around the globe to taste thatpleasure.
there was a time, when the saviour taught here, that boatswere plenty among the fishermen of the coasts--but boats and fishermenboth are gone, now; and old josephus had a fleet of men-of-war in thesewaters eighteen centuries ago--a hundred and thirty bold canoes--butthey, also, have passed away and left no sign.
they battle here no moreby sea, and the commercial marine of galilee numbers only two smallships, just of a pattern with the little skiffs the disciples knew.
onewas lost to us for good--the other was miles away and far out of hail.
so we mounted the horses and rode grimly on toward magdala, canteringalong in the edge of the water for want of the means of passing over it.
how the pilgrims abused each other!
each said it was the other's fault,and each in turn denied it.
no word was spoken by the sinners--even themildest sarcasm might have been dangerous at such a time.
sinners thathave been kept down and had examples held up to them, and sufferedfrequent lectures, and been so put upon in a moral way and in the matterof going slow and being serious and bottling up slang, and so crowded inregard to the matter of being proper and always and forever behaving,that their lives have become a burden to them, would not lag behindpilgrims at such a time as this, and wink furtively, and be joyful, andcommit other such crimes--because it would not occur to them to do it.
otherwise they would.
but they did do it, though--and it did them aworld of good to hear the pilgrims abuse each other, too.
we took anunworthy satisfaction in seeing them fall out, now and then, because itshowed that they were only poor human people like us, after all.
so we all rode down to magdala, while the gnashing of teeth waxed andwaned by turns, and harsh words troubled the holy calm of galilee.
lest any man think i mean to be ill-natured when i talk about ourpilgrims as i have been talking, i wish to say in all sincerity that i donot.
i would not listen to lectures from men i did not like and couldnot respect; and none of these can say i ever took their lecturesunkindly, or was restive under the infliction, or failed to try to profitby what they said to me.
they are better men than i am; i can say thathonestly; they are good friends of mine, too--and besides, if they didnot wish to be stirred up occasionally in print, why in the mischief didthey travel with me?
they knew me.
they knew my liberal way--that ilike to give and take--when it is for me to give and other people totake.
when one of them threatened to leave me in damascus when i had thecholera, he had no real idea of doing it--i know his passionate natureand the good impulses that underlie it.
and did i not overhear church,another pilgrim, say he did not care who went or who staid, he wouldstand by me till i walked out of damascus on my own feet or was carriedout in a coffin, if it was a year?
and do i not include church everytime i abuse the pilgrims--and would i be likely to speak ill-naturedlyof him?
i wish to stir them up and make them healthy; that is all.
we had left capernaum behind us.
it was only a shapeless ruin.
it boreno semblance to a town, and had nothing about it to suggest that it hadever been a town.
but all desolate and unpeopled as it was, it wasillustrious ground.
from it sprang that tree of christianity whose broadarms overshadow so many distant lands to-day.
after christ was temptedof the devil in the desert, he came here and began his teachings; andduring the three or four years he lived afterward, this place was hishome almost altogether.
he began to heal the sick, and his fame soonspread so widely that sufferers came from syria and beyond jordan, andeven from jerusalem, several days' journey away, to be cured of theirdiseases.
here he healed the centurion's servant and peter'smother-in-law, and multitudes of the lame and the blind and personspossessed of devils; and here, also, he raised jairus's daughter fromthe dead.
he went into a ship with his disciples, and when they rousedhim from sleep in the midst of a storm, he quieted the winds and lulledthe troubled sea to rest with his voice.
he passed over to the otherside, a few miles away and relieved two men of devils, which passed intosome swine.
after his return he called matthew from the receipt ofcustoms, performed some cures, and created scandal by eating withpublicans and sinners.
then he went healing and teaching throughgalilee, and even journeyed to tyre and sidon.
he chose the twelvedisciples, and sent them abroad to preach the new gospel.
he workedmiracles in bethsaida and chorazin--villages two or three miles fromcapernaum.
it was near one of them that the miraculous draft of fishesis supposed to have been taken, and it was in the desert places near theother that he fed the thousands by the miracles of the loaves andfishes.
he cursed them both, and capernaum also, for not repenting,after all the great works he had done in their midst, and prophesiedagainst them.
they are all in ruins, now--which is gratifying to thepilgrims, for, as usual, they fit the eternal words of gods to theevanescent things of this earth; christ, it is more probable, referredto the people, not their shabby villages of wigwams: he said it would besad for them at "the day of judgment"--and what business have mud-hovelsat the day of judgment?
it would not affect the prophecy in the least--it would neither prove it or disprove it--if these towns were splendidcities now instead of the almost vanished ruins they are.
christ visitedmagdala, which is near by capernaum, and he also visited cesareaphilippi.
he went up to his old home at nazareth, and saw his brothersjoses, and judas, and james, and simon--those persons who, being ownbrothers to jesus christ, one would expect to hear mentioned sometimes,yet who ever saw their names in a newspaper or heard them from a pulpit?
who ever inquires what manner of youths they were; and whether theyslept with jesus, played with him and romped about him; quarreled withhim concerning toys and trifles; struck him in anger, not suspectingwhat he was?
who ever wonders what they thought when they saw him comeback to nazareth a celebrity, and looked long at his unfamiliar face tomake sure, and then said, "it is jesus?"
who wonders what passed intheir minds when they saw this brother, (who was only a brother to them,however much he might be to others a mysterious stranger who was a godand had stood face to face with god above the clouds,) doing strangemiracles with crowds of astonished people for witnesses?
who wonders ifthe brothers of jesus asked him to come home with them, and said hismother and his sisters were grieved at his long absence, and would bewild with delight to see his face again?
who ever gives a thought tothe sisters of jesus at all?--yet he had sisters; and memories of themmust have stolen into his mind often when he was ill-treated amongstrangers; when he was homeless and said he had not where to lay hishead; when all deserted him, even peter, and he stood alone among hisenemies.
christ did few miracles in nazareth, and staid but a little while.
thepeople said, "this the son of god!
why, his father is nothing but acarpenter.
we know the family.
we see them every day.
are not hisbrothers named so and so, and his sisters so and so, and is not hismother the person they call mary?
this is absurd."
he did not curse hishome, but he shook its dust from his feet and went away.
capernaum lies close to the edge of the little sea, in a small plain somefive miles long and a mile or two wide, which is mildly adorned witholeanders which look all the better contrasted with the bald hills andthe howling deserts which surround them, but they are not as deliriouslybeautiful as the books paint them.
if one be calm and resolute he canlook upon their comeliness and live.
one of the most astonishing things that have yet fallen under ourobservation is the exceedingly small portion of the earth from whichsprang the now flourishing plant of christianity.
the longest journeyour saviour ever performed was from here to jerusalem--about one hundredto one hundred and twenty miles.
the next longest was from here tosidon--say about sixty or seventy miles.
instead of being wide apart--asamerican appreciation of distances would naturally suggest--the placesmade most particularly celebrated by the presence of christ are nearlyall right here in full view, and within cannon-shot of capernaum.
leaving out two or three short journeys of the saviour, he spent hislife, preached his gospel, and performed his miracles within a compass nolarger than an ordinary county in the united states.
it is as much as ican do to comprehend this stupefying fact.
how it wears a man out tohave to read up a hundred pages of history every two or three miles--forverily the celebrated localities of palestine occur that close together.
how wearily, how bewilderingly they swarm about your path!
in due time we reached the ancient village of magdala.
magdala is not a beautiful place.
it is thoroughly syrian, and that isto say that it is thoroughly ugly, and cramped, squalid, uncomfortable,and filthy--just the style of cities that have adorned the country sinceadam's time, as all writers have labored hard to prove, and havesucceeded.
the streets of magdala are any where from three to six feetwide, and reeking with uncleanliness.
the houses are from five to sevenfeet high, and all built upon one arbitrary plan--the ungraceful form ofa dry-goods box.
the sides are daubed with a smooth white plaster, andtastefully frescoed aloft and alow with disks of camel-dung placed thereto dry.
this gives the edifice the romantic appearance of having beenriddled with cannon-balls, and imparts to it a very warlike aspect.
whenthe artist has arranged his materials with an eye to just proportion--the small and the large flakes in alternate rows, and separated bycarefully-considered intervals--i know of nothing more cheerful to lookupon than a spirited syrian fresco.
the flat, plastered roof isgarnished by picturesque stacks of fresco materials, which, havingbecome thoroughly dried and cured, are placed there where it will beconvenient.
it is used for fuel.
there is no timber of any consequencein palestine--none at all to waste upon fires--and neither are there anymines of coal.
if my description has been intelligible, you willperceive, now, that a square, flat-roofed hovel, neatly frescoed, withits wall-tops gallantly bastioned and turreted with dried camel-refuse,gives to a landscape a feature that is exceedingly festive andpicturesque, especially if one is careful to remember to stick in a catwherever, about the premises, there is room for a cat to sit.
there areno windows to a syrian hut, and no chimneys.
when i used to read thatthey let a bed-ridden man down through the roof of a house in capernaumto get him into the presence of the saviour, i generally had athree-story brick in my mind, and marveled that they did not break hisneck with the strange experiment.
i perceive now, however, that theymight have taken him by the heels and thrown him clear over the housewithout discommoding him very much.
palestine is not changed any sincethose days, in manners, customs, architecture, or people.
as we rode into magdala not a soul was visible.
but the ring of thehorses' hoofs roused the stupid population, and they all came troopingout--old men and old women, boys and girls, the blind, the crazy, and thecrippled, all in ragged, soiled and scanty raiment, and all abjectbeggars by nature, instinct and education.
how the vermin-torturedvagabonds did swarm!
how they showed their scars and sores, andpiteously pointed to their maimed and crooked limbs, and begged withtheir pleading eyes for charity!
we had invoked a spirit we could notlay.
they hung to the horses's tails, clung to their manes and thestirrups, closed in on every aide in scorn of dangerous hoofs--and out oftheir infidel throats, with one accord, burst an agonizing and mostinfernal chorus: "howajji, bucksheesh!
i never was in a storm like thatbefore.
as we paid the bucksheesh out to sore-eyed children and brown, buxomgirls with repulsively tattooed lips and chins, we filed through the townand by many an exquisite fresco, till we came to a bramble-infestedinclosure and a roman-looking ruin which had been the veritable dwellingof st. mary magdalene, the friend and follower of jesus.
the guidebelieved it, and so did i.  i could not well do otherwise, with the houseright there before my eyes as plain as day.
the pilgrims took downportions of the front wall for specimens, as is their honored custom, andthen we departed.
we are camped in this place, now, just within the city walls of tiberias.
we went into the town before nightfall and looked at its people--we carednothing about its houses.
its people are best examined at a distance.
they are particularly uncomely jews, arabs, and negroes.
squalor andpoverty are the pride of tiberias.
the young women wear their dowerstrung upon a strong wire that curves downward from the top of the headto the jaw--turkish silver coins which they have raked together orinherited.
most of these maidens were not wealthy, but some few had beenvery kindly dealt with by fortune.
i saw heiresses there worth, in theirown right--worth, well, i suppose i might venture to say, as much as ninedollars and a half.
but such cases are rare.
when you come across oneof these, she naturally puts on airs.
she will not ask for bucksheesh.
she will not even permit of undue familiarity.
she assumes a crushingdignity and goes on serenely practicing with her fine-tooth comb andquoting poetry just the same as if you were not present at all.
somepeople can not stand prosperity.
they say that the long-nosed, lanky, dyspeptic-looking body-snatchers,with the indescribable hats on, and a long curl dangling down in front ofeach ear, are the old, familiar, self-righteous pharisees we read of inthe scriptures.
verily, they look it.
judging merely by their generalstyle, and without other evidence, one might easily suspect thatself-righteousness was their specialty.
from various authorities i have culled information concerning tiberias.
it was built by herod antipas, the murderer of john the baptist, andnamed after the emperor tiberius.
it is believed that it stands upon thesite of what must have been, ages ago, a city of considerablearchitectural pretensions, judging by the fine porphyry pillars that arescattered through tiberias and down the lake shore southward.
these werefluted, once, and yet, although the stone is about as hard as iron, theflutings are almost worn away.
these pillars are small, and doubtlessthe edifices they adorned were distinguished more for elegance thangrandeur.
this modern town--tiberias--is only mentioned in the newtestament; never in the old.
the sanhedrim met here last, and for three hundred years tiberias was themetropolis of the jews in palestine.
it is one of the four holy citiesof the israelites, and is to them what mecca is to the mohammedan andjerusalem to the christian.
it has been the abiding place of manylearned and famous jewish rabbins.
they lie buried here, and near themlie also twenty-five thousand of their faith who traveled far to be nearthem while they lived and lie with them when they died.
the great rabbiben israel spent three years here in the early part of the third century.
he is dead, now.
the celebrated sea of galilee is not so large a sea as lake tahoe--[i measure all lakes by tahoe, partly because i am far more familiar withit than with any other, and partly because i have such a high admirationfor it and such a world of pleasant recollections of it, that it is verynearly impossible for me to speak of lakes and not mention it.]
--by agood deal--it is just about two-thirds as large.
and when we come tospeak of beauty, this sea is no more to be compared to tahoe than ameridian of longitude is to a rainbow.
the dim waters of this pool cannot suggest the limpid brilliancy of tahoe; these low, shaven, yellowhillocks of rocks and sand, so devoid of perspective, can not suggest thegrand peaks that compass tahoe like a wall, and whose ribbed and chasmedfronts are clad with stately pines that seem to grow small and smaller asthey climb, till one might fancy them reduced to weeds and shrubs farupward, where they join the everlasting snows.
silence and solitudebrood over tahoe; and silence and solitude brood also over this lake ofgenessaret.
but the solitude of the one is as cheerful and fascinatingas the solitude of the other is dismal and repellant.
in the early morning one watches the silent battle of dawn and darknessupon the waters of tahoe with a placid interest; but when the shadowssulk away and one by one the hidden beauties of the shore unfoldthemselves in the full splendor of noon; when the still surface is beltedlike a rainbow with broad bars of blue and green and white, half thedistance from circumference to centre; when, in the lazy summerafternoon, he lies in a boat, far out to where the dead blue of the deepwater begins, and smokes the pipe of peace and idly winks at thedistant crags and patches of snow from under his cap-brim; when the boatdrifts shoreward to the white water, and he lolls over the gunwale andgazes by the hour down through the crystal depths and notes the colors ofthe pebbles and reviews the finny armies gliding in procession a hundredfeet below; when at night he sees moon and stars, mountain ridgesfeathered with pines, jutting white capes, bold promontories, grandsweeps of rugged scenery topped with bald, glimmering peaks, allmagnificently pictured in the polished mirror of the lake, in richest,softest detail, the tranquil interest that was born with the morningdeepens and deepens, by sure degrees, till it culminates at last inresistless fascination!
it is solitude, for birds and squirrels on the shore and fishes in thewater are all the creatures that are near to make it otherwise, but it isnot the sort of solitude to make one dreary.
come to galilee for that.
if these unpeopled deserts, these rusty mounds of barrenness, that never,never, never do shake the glare from their harsh outlines, and fade andfaint into vague perspective; that melancholy ruin of capernaum; thisstupid village of tiberias, slumbering under its six funereal plumes ofpalms; yonder desolate declivity where the swine of the miracle ran downinto the sea, and doubtless thought it was better to swallow a devil ortwo and get drowned into the bargain than have to live longer in such aplace; this cloudless, blistering sky; this solemn, sailless, tintlesslake, reposing within its rim of yellow hills and low, steep banks, andlooking just as expressionless and unpoetical (when we leave its sublimehistory out of the question,) as any metropolitan reservoir inchristendom--if these things are not food for rock me to sleep, mother,none exist, i think.
but i should not offer the evidence for the prosecution and leave thedefense unheard.
c. grimes deposes as follows:--     "we had taken ship to go over to the other side.
the sea was not     more than six miles wide.
of the beauty of the scene, however, i     can not say enough, nor can i imagine where those travelers carried     their eyes who have described the scenery of the lake as tame or     uninteresting.
the first great characteristic of it is the deep     basin in which it lies.
this is from three to four hundred feet     deep on all sides except at the lower end, and the sharp slope of     the banks, which are all of the richest green, is broken and     diversified by the wadys and water-courses which work their way down     through the sides of the basin, forming dark chasms or light sunny     valleys.
near tiberias these banks are rocky, and ancient     sepulchres open in them, with their doors toward the water.
they     selected grand spots, as did the egyptians of old, for burial     places, as if they designed that when the voice of god should reach     the sleepers, they should walk forth and open their eyes on scenes     of glorious beauty.
on the east, the wild and desolate mountains     contrast finely with the deep blue lake; and toward the north,     sublime and majestic, hermon looks down on the sea, lifting his     white crown to heaven with the pride of a hill that has seen the     departing footsteps of a hundred generations.
on the north-east     shore of the sea was a single tree, and this is the only tree of any     size visible from the water of the lake, except a few lonely palms     in the city of tiberias, and by its solitary position attracts more     attention than would a forest.
the whole appearance of the scene is     precisely what we would expect and desire the scenery of genessaret     to be, grand beauty, but quiet calm.
the very mountains are calm."
it is an ingeniously written description, and well calculated to deceive.
but if the paint and the ribbons and the flowers be stripped from it, askeleton will be found beneath.
so stripped, there remains a lake six miles wide and neutral in color;with steep green banks, unrelieved by shrubbery; at one end bare,unsightly rocks, with (almost invisible) holes in them of no consequenceto the picture; eastward, "wild and desolate mountains;" (low, desolatehills, he should have said;) in the north, a mountain called hermon, withsnow on it; peculiarity of the picture, "calmness;" its prominentfeature, one tree.
no ingenuity could make such a picture beautiful--to one's actual vision.
i claim the right to correct misstatements, and have so corrected thecolor of the water in the above recapitulation.
the waters of genessaretare of an exceedingly mild blue, even from a high elevation and adistance of five miles.
close at hand (the witness was sailing on thelake,) it is hardly proper to call them blue at all, much less "deep"blue.
i wish to state, also, not as a correction, but as matter ofopinion, that mount hermon is not a striking or picturesque mountain byany means, being too near the height of its immediate neighbors to be so.
that is all.
i do not object to the witness dragging a mountainforty-five miles to help the scenery under consideration, because it isentirely proper to do it, and besides, the picture needs it.
"c. w. e.," (of "life in the holy land,") deposes as follows:--     "a beautiful sea lies unbosomed among the galilean hills, in the     midst of that land once possessed by zebulon and naphtali, asher and     dan.
the azure of the sky penetrates the depths of the lake, and     the waters are sweet and cool.
on the west, stretch broad fertile     plains; on the north the rocky shores rise step by step until in the     far distance tower the snowy heights of hermon; on the east through     a misty veil are seen the high plains of perea, which stretch away     in rugged mountains leading the mind by varied paths toward     jerusalem the holy.
flowers bloom in this terrestrial paradise,     once beautiful and verdant with waving trees; singing birds enchant     the ear; the turtle-dove soothes with its soft note; the crested     lark sends up its song toward heaven, and the grave and stately     stork inspires the mind with thought, and leads it on to meditation     and repose.
life here was once idyllic, charming; here were once no     rich, no poor, no high, no low.
it was a world of ease, simplicity,     and beauty; now it is a scene of desolation and misery."
this is not an ingenious picture.
it is the worst i ever saw.
itdescribes in elaborate detail what it terms a "terrestrial paradise," andcloses with the startling information that this paradise is "a scene ofdesolation and misery."
i have given two fair, average specimens of the character of thetestimony offered by the majority of the writers who visit this region.
one says, "of the beauty of the scene i can not say enough," and thenproceeds to cover up with a woof of glittering sentences a thing which,when stripped for inspection, proves to be only an unobtrusive basin ofwater, some mountainous desolation, and one tree.
the other, after aconscientious effort to build a terrestrial paradise out of the samematerials, with the addition of a "grave and stately stork," spoils itall by blundering upon the ghastly truth at the last.
nearly every book concerning galilee and its lake describes the sceneryas beautiful.
no--not always so straightforward as that.
sometimes theimpression intentionally conveyed is that it is beautiful, at the sametime that the author is careful not to say that it is, in plain saxon.
but a careful analysis of these descriptions will show that the materialsof which they are formed are not individually beautiful and can not bewrought into combinations that are beautiful.
the veneration and theaffection which some of these men felt for the scenes they were speakingof, heated their fancies and biased their judgment; but the pleasantfalsities they wrote were full of honest sincerity, at any rate.
otherswrote as they did, because they feared it would be unpopular to writeotherwise.
others were hypocrites and deliberately meant to deceive.
any of them would say in a moment, if asked, that it was always right andalways best to tell the truth.
they would say that, at any rate, if theydid not perceive the drift of the question.
but why should not the truth be spoken of this region?
is the truthharmful?
has it ever needed to hide its face?
god made the sea ofgalilee and its surroundings as they are.
is it the province of mr.grimes to improve upon the work?
i am sure, from the tenor of books i have read, that many who havevisited this land in years gone by, were presbyterians, and came seekingevidences in support of their particular creed; they found a presbyterianpalestine, and they had already made up their minds to find no other,though possibly they did not know it, being blinded by their zeal.
others were baptists, seeking baptist evidences and a baptist palestine.
others were catholics, methodists, episcopalians, seeking evidencesindorsing their several creeds, and a catholic, a methodist, anepiscopalian palestine.
honest as these men's intentions may have been,they were full of partialities and prejudices, they entered the countrywith their verdicts already prepared, and they could no more writedispassionately and impartially about it than they could about their ownwives and children.
our pilgrims have brought their verdicts with them.
they have shown it in their conversation ever since we left beirout.
i can almost tell, in set phrase, what they will say when they see tabor,nazareth, jericho and jerusalem--because i have the books they will"smouch" their ideas from.
these authors write pictures and framerhapsodies, and lesser men follow and see with the author's eyes insteadof their own, and speak with his tongue.
what the pilgrims said atcesarea philippi surprised me with its wisdom.
i found it afterwards inrobinson.
what they said when genessaret burst upon their vision,charmed me with its grace.
i find it in mr. thompson's "land and thebook."
they have spoken often, in happily worded language which nevervaried, of how they mean to lay their weary heads upon a stone at bethel,as jacob did, and close their dim eyes, and dream, perchance, of angelsdescending out of heaven on a ladder.
it was very pretty.
but i haverecognized the weary head and the dim eyes, finally.
they borrowed theidea--and the words--and the construction--and the punctuation--fromgrimes.
the pilgrims will tell of palestine, when they get home, not asit appeared to them, but as it appeared to thompson and robinson andgrimes--with the tints varied to suit each pilgrim's creed.
pilgrims, sinners and arabs are all abed, now, and the camp is still.
labor in loneliness is irksome.
since i made my last few notes, i havebeen sitting outside the tent for half an hour.
night is the time to seegalilee.
genessaret under these lustrous stars has nothing repulsiveabout it.
genessaret with the glittering reflections of theconstellations flecking its surface, almost makes me regret that i eversaw the rude glare of the day upon it.
its history and its associationsare its chiefest charm, in any eyes, and the spells they weave are feeblein the searching light of the sun.
then, we scarcely feel the fetters.
our thoughts wander constantly to the practical concerns of life, andrefuse to dwell upon things that seem vague and unreal.
but when the dayis done, even the most unimpressible must yield to the dreamy influencesof this tranquil starlight.
the old traditions of the place steal uponhis memory and haunt his reveries, and then his fancy clothes all sightsand sounds with the supernatural.
in the lapping of the waves upon thebeach, he hears the dip of ghostly oars; in the secret noises of thenight he hears spirit voices; in the soft sweep of the breeze, the rushof invisible wings.
phantom ships are on the sea, the dead of twentycenturies come forth from the tombs, and in the dirges of the night windthe songs of old forgotten ages find utterance again.
in the starlight, galilee has no boundaries but the broad compass of theheavens, and is a theatre meet for great events; meet for the birth of areligion able to save a world; and meet for the stately figure appointedto stand upon its stage and proclaim its high decrees.
but in thesunlight, one says: is it for the deeds which were done and the wordswhich were spoken in this little acre of rocks and sand eighteencenturies gone, that the bells are ringing to-day in the remote islandsof the sea and far and wide over continents that clasp the circumferenceof the huge globe?
one can comprehend it only when night has hidden all incongruities andcreated a theatre proper for so grand a drama.
we took another swim in the sea of galilee at twilight yesterday, andanother at sunrise this morning.
we have not sailed, but three swims areequal to a sail, are they not?
there were plenty of fish visible in thewater, but we have no outside aids in this pilgrimage but "tent life inthe holy land," "the land and the book," and other literature of likedescription--no fishing-tackle.
there were no fish to be had in thevillage of tiberias.
true, we saw two or three vagabonds mending theirnets, but never trying to catch any thing with them.
we did not go to the ancient warm baths two miles below tiberias.
i hadno desire in the world to go there.
this seemed a little strange, andprompted me to try to discover what the cause of this unreasonableindifference was.
it turned out to be simply because pliny mentionsthem.
i have conceived a sort of unwarrantable unfriendliness towardpliny and st. paul, because it seems as if i can never ferret out a placethat i can have to myself.
it always and eternally transpires that st.paul has been to that place, and pliny has "mentioned" it.
in the early morning we mounted and started.
and then a weird apparitionmarched forth at the head of the procession--a pirate, i thought, if evera pirate dwelt upon land.
it was a tall arab, as swarthy as an indian;young-say thirty years of age.
on his head he had closely bound agorgeous yellow and red striped silk scarf, whose ends, lavishly fringedwith tassels, hung down between his shoulders and dallied with the wind.
from his neck to his knees, in ample folds, a robe swept down that was avery star-spangled banner of curved and sinuous bars of black and white.
out of his back, somewhere, apparently, the long stem of a chiboukprojected, and reached far above his right shoulder.
athwart his back,diagonally, and extending high above his left shoulder, was an arab gumof saladin's time, that was splendid with silver plating from stock clearup to the end of its measureless stretch of barrel.
about his waist wasbound many and many a yard of elaborately figured but sadly tarnishedstuff that came from sumptuous persia, and among the baggy folds in frontthe sunbeams glinted from a formidable battery of old brass-mountedhorse-pistols and the gilded hilts of blood-thirsty knives.
there wereholsters for more pistols appended to the wonderful stack of long-hairedgoat-skins and persian carpets, which the man had been taught to regardin the light of a saddle; and down among the pendulous rank of vasttassels that swung from that saddle, and clanging against the iron shovelof a stirrup that propped the warrior's knees up toward his chin, was acrooked, silver-clad scimitar of such awful dimensions and suchimplacable expression that no man might hope to look upon it and notshudder.
the fringed and bedizened prince whose privilege it is to ridethe pony and lead the elephant into a country village is poor and nakedcompared to this chaos of paraphernalia, and the happy vanity of the oneis the very poverty of satisfaction compared to the majestic serenity,the overwhelming complacency of the other.
"who is this?
what is this?"
that was the trembling inquiry all downthe line.
from galilee to the birthplace of the savior, the country isinfested with fierce bedouins, whose sole happiness it is, in this life,to cut and stab and mangle and murder unoffending christians.
allah bewith us!"
"then hire a regiment!
would you send us out among these desperatehordes, with no salvation in our utmost need but this old turret?"
the dragoman laughed--not at the facetiousness of the simile, for verily,that guide or that courier or that dragoman never yet lived upon earthwho had in him the faintest appreciation of a joke, even though that jokewere so broad and so ponderous that if it fell on him it would flattenhim out like a postage stamp--the dragoman laughed, and then, emboldenedby some thought that was in his brain, no doubt, proceeded to extremitiesand winked.
in straits like these, when a man laughs, it is encouraging when hewinks, it is positively reassuring.
he finally intimated that one guardwould be sufficient to protect us, but that that one was an absolutenecessity.
it was because of the moral weight his awful panoply wouldhave with the bedouins.
then i said we didn't want any guard at all.
if one fantastic vagabond could protect eight armed christians and a packof arab servants from all harm, surely that detachment could protectthemselves.
he shook his head doubtfully.
then i said, just think ofhow it looks--think of how it would read, to self-reliant americans, thatwe went sneaking through this deserted wilderness under the protection ofthis masquerading arab, who would break his neck getting out of thecountry if a man that was a man ever started after him.
it was a mean,low, degrading position.
why were we ever told to bring navy revolverswith us if we had to be protected at last by this infamous star-spangledscum of the desert?
these appeals were vain--the dragoman only smiledand shook his head.
i rode to the front and struck up an acquaintance with kingsolomon-in-all-his-glory, and got him to show me his lingering eternityof a gun.
it had a rusty flint lock; it was ringed and barred and platedwith silver from end to end, but it was as desperately out of theperpendicular as are the billiard cues of '49 that one finds yet inservice in the ancient mining camps of california.
the muzzle was eatenby the rust of centuries into a ragged filigree-work, like the end of aburnt-out stove-pipe.
i shut one eye and peered within--it was flakedwith iron rust like an old steamboat boiler.
i borrowed the ponderouspistols and snapped them.
they were rusty inside, too--had not beenloaded for a generation.
i went back, full of encouragement, andreported to the guide, and asked him to discharge this dismantledfortress.
it came out, then.
this fellow was a retainer of the sheikof tiberias.
he was a source of government revenue.
he was to theempire of tiberias what the customs are to america.
the sheik imposedguards upon travelers and charged them for it.
it is a lucrative sourceof emolument, and sometimes brings into the national treasury as much asthirty-five or forty dollars a year.
i knew the warrior's secret now; i knew the hollow vanity of his rustytrumpery, and despised his asinine complacency.
i told on him, and withreckless daring the cavalcade straight ahead into the perilous solitudesof the desert, and scorned his frantic warnings of the mutilation anddeath that hovered about them on every side.
arrived at an elevation of twelve hundred feet above the lake, (i oughtto mention that the lake lies six hundred feet below the level of themediterranean--no traveler ever neglects to flourish that fragment ofnews in his letters,) as bald and unthrilling a panorama as any land canafford, perhaps, was spread out before us.
yet it was so crowded withhistorical interest, that if all the pages that have been written aboutit were spread upon its surface, they would flag it from horizon tohorizon like a pavement.
among the localities comprised in this view,were mount hermon; the hills that border cesarea philippi, dan, thesources of the jordan and the waters of merom; tiberias; the sea ofgalilee; joseph's pit; capernaum; bethsaida; the supposed scenes of thesermon on the mount, the feeding of the multitudes and the miraculousdraught of fishes; the declivity down which the swine ran to the sea; theentrance and the exit of the jordan; safed, "the city set upon a hill,"one of the four holy cities of the jews, and the place where they believethe real messiah will appear when he comes to redeem the world; part ofthe battle-field of hattin, where the knightly crusaders fought theirlast fight, and in a blaze of glory passed from the stage and ended theirsplendid career forever; mount tabor, the traditional scene of the lord'stransfiguration.
and down toward the southeast lay a landscape thatsuggested to my mind a quotation (imperfectly remembered, no doubt:)     "the ephraimites, not being called upon to share in the rich spoils     of the ammonitish war, assembled a mighty host to fight against     jeptha, judge of israel; who, being apprised of their approach,     gathered together the men of israel and gave them battle and put     them to flight.
to make his victory the more secure, he stationed     guards at the different fords and passages of the jordan, with     instructions to let none pass who could not say shibboleth.
the     ephraimites, being of a different tribe, could not frame to     pronounce the word right, but called it sibboleth, which proved them     enemies and cost them their lives; wherefore, forty and two thousand     fell at the different fords and passages of the jordan that day."
we jogged along peacefully over the great caravan route from damascus tojerusalem and egypt, past lubia and other syrian hamlets, perched, in theunvarying style, upon the summit of steep mounds and hills, and fencedround about with giant cactuses, (the sign of worthless land,) withprickly pears upon them like hams, and came at last to the battle-fieldof hattin.
it is a grand, irregular plateau, and looks as if it might have beencreated for a battle-field.
here the peerless saladin met the christianhost some seven hundred years ago, and broke their power in palestine forall time to come.
there had long been a truce between the opposingforces, but according to the guide-book, raynauld of chatillon, lord ofkerak, broke it by plundering a damascus caravan, and refusing to give upeither the merchants or their goods when saladin demanded them.
thisconduct of an insolent petty chieftain stung the sultan to the quick, andhe swore that he would slaughter raynauld with his own hand, no matterhow, or when, or where he found him.
both armies prepared for war.
under the weak king of jerusalem was the very flower of the christianchivalry.
he foolishly compelled them to undergo a long, exhaustingmarch, in the scorching sun, and then, without water or otherrefreshment, ordered them to encamp in this open plain.
the splendidlymounted masses of moslem soldiers swept round the north end ofgenessaret, burning and destroying as they came, and pitched their campin front of the opposing lines.
at dawn the terrific fight began.
surrounded on all sides by the sultan's swarming battalions, thechristian knights fought on without a hope for their lives.
they foughtwith desperate valor, but to no purpose; the odds of heat and numbers,and consuming thirst, were too great against them.
towards the middle ofthe day the bravest of their band cut their way through the moslem ranksand gained the summit of a little hill, and there, hour after hour, theyclosed around the banner of the cross, and beat back the chargingsquadrons of the enemy.
but the doom of the christian power was sealed.
sunset found saladinlord of palestine, the christian chivalry strewn in heaps upon the field,and the king of jerusalem, the grand master of the templars, and raynauldof chatillon, captives in the sultan's tent.
saladin treated two of theprisoners with princely courtesy, and ordered refreshments to be setbefore them.
when the king handed an iced sherbet to chatillon, thesultan said, "it is thou that givest it to him, not i."
he rememberedhis oath, and slaughtered the hapless knight of chatillon with his ownhand.
it was hard to realize that this silent plain had once resounded withmartial music and trembled to the tramp of armed men.
it was hard topeople this solitude with rushing columns of cavalry, and stir its torpidpulses with the shouts of victors, the shrieks of the wounded, and theflash of banner and steel above the surging billows of war.
a desolationis here that not even imagination can grace with the pomp of life andaction.
we reached tabor safely, and considerably in advance of that oldiron-clad swindle of a guard.
we never saw a human being on the wholeroute, much less lawless hordes of bedouins.
tabor stands solitary andalone, a giant sentinel above the plain of esdraelon.
it rises somefourteen hundred feet above the surrounding level, a green, wooden cone,symmetrical and full of grace--a prominent landmark, and one that isexceedingly pleasant to eyes surfeited with the repulsive monotony ofdesert syria.
we climbed the steep path to its summit, through breezyglades of thorn and oak.
the view presented from its highest peak wasalmost beautiful.
below, was the broad, level plain of esdraelon,checkered with fields like a chess-board, and full as smooth and level,seemingly; dotted about its borders with white, compact villages, andfaintly penciled, far and near, with the curving lines of roads andtrails.
when it is robed in the fresh verdure of spring, it must form acharming picture, even by itself.
skirting its southern border rises"little hermon," over whose summit a glimpse of gilboa is caught.
nain,famous for the raising of the widow's son, and endor, as famous for theperformances of her witch are in view.
to the eastward lies the valleyof the jordan and beyond it the mountains of gilead.
westward is mountcarmel.
hermon in the north--the table-lands of bashan--safed, the holycity, gleaming white upon a tall spur of the mountains of lebanon--a steel-blue corner of the sea of galilee--saddle-peaked hattin,traditional "mount of beatitudes" and mute witness brave fights of thecrusading host for holy cross--these fill up the picture.
to glance at the salient features of this landscape through thepicturesque framework of a ragged and ruined stone window--arch of thetime of christ, thus hiding from sight all that is unattractive, is tosecure to yourself a pleasure worth climbing the mountain to enjoy.
onemust stand on his head to get the best effect in a fine sunset, and set alandscape in a bold, strong framework that is very close at hand, tobring out all its beauty.
one learns this latter truth never more toforget it, in that mimic land of enchantment, the wonderful garden of mylord the count pallavicini, near genoa.
you go wandering for hours amonghills and wooded glens, artfully contrived to leave the impression thatnature shaped them and not man; following winding paths and comingsuddenly upon leaping cascades and rustic bridges; finding sylvan lakeswhere you expected them not; loitering through battered mediaeval castlesin miniature that seem hoary with age and yet were built a dozen yearsago; meditating over ancient crumbling tombs, whose marble columns weremarred and broken purposely by the modern artist that made them;stumbling unawares upon toy palaces, wrought of rare and costlymaterials, and again upon a peasant's hut, whose dilapidated furniturewould never suggest that it was made so to order; sweeping round andround in the midst of a forest on an enchanted wooden horse that is movedby some invisible agency; traversing roman roads and passing undermajestic triumphal arches; resting in quaint bowers where unseen spiritsdischarge jets of water on you from every possible direction, and whereeven the flowers you touch assail you with a shower; boating on asubterranean lake among caverns and arches royally draped with clusteringstalactites, and passing out into open day upon another lake, which isbordered with sloping banks of grass and gay with patrician barges thatswim at anchor in the shadow of a miniature marble temple that rises outof the clear water and glasses its white statues, its rich capitals andfluted columns in the tranquil depths.
so, from marvel to marvel youhave drifted on, thinking all the time that the one last seen must be thechiefest.
and, verily, the chiefest wonder is reserved until the last,but you do not see it until you step ashore, and passing through awilderness of rare flowers, collected from every corner of the earth, youstand at the door of one more mimic temple.
right in this place theartist taxed his genius to the utmost, and fairly opened the gates offairy land.
you look through an unpretending pane of glass, stainedyellow--the first thing you see is a mass of quivering foliage, ten shortsteps before you, in the midst of which is a ragged opening like agateway-a thing that is common enough in nature, and not apt to excitesuspicions of a deep human design--and above the bottom of the gateway,project, in the most careless way!
a few broad tropic leaves andbrilliant flowers.
all of a sudden, through this bright, bold gateway,you catch a glimpse of the faintest, softest, richest picture that evergraced the dream of a dying saint, since john saw the new jerusalemglimmering above the clouds of heaven.
a broad sweep of sea, fleckedwith careening sails; a sharp, jutting cape, and a lofty lighthouse onit; a sloping lawn behind it; beyond, a portion of the old "city ofpalaces," with its parks and hills and stately mansions; beyond these, aprodigious mountain, with its strong outlines sharply cut against oceanand sky; and over all, vagrant shreds and flakes of cloud, floating in asea of gold.
the ocean is gold, the city is gold, the meadow, themountain, the sky--every thing is golden-rich, and mellow, and dreamy asa vision of paradise.
no artist could put upon canvas, its entrancingbeauty, and yet, without the yellow glass, and the carefully contrivedaccident of a framework that cast it into enchanted distance and shut outfrom it all unattractive features, it was not a picture to fall intoecstasies over.
such is life, and the trail of the serpent is over usall.
there is nothing for it now but to come back to old tabor, though thesubject is tiresome enough, and i can not stick to it for wandering offto scenes that are pleasanter to remember.
i think i will skip, any how.
there is nothing about tabor (except we concede that it was the scene ofthe transfiguration,) but some gray old ruins, stacked up there in allages of the world from the days of stout gideon and parties thatflourished thirty centuries ago to the fresh yesterday of crusadingtimes.
it has its greek convent, and the coffee there is good, but nevera splinter of the true cross or bone of a hallowed saint to arrest theidle thoughts of worldlings and turn them into graver channels.
a catholic church is nothing to me that has no relics.
the plain of esdraelon--"the battle-field of the nations"--only sets oneto dreaming of joshua, and benhadad, and saul, and gideon; tamerlane,tancred, coeur de lion, and saladin; the warrior kings of persia, egypt'sheroes, and napoleon--for they all fought here.
if the magic of themoonlight could summon from the graves of forgotten centuries and manylands the countless myriads that have battled on this wide, far-reachingfloor, and array them in the thousand strange costumes of their hundrednationalities, and send the vast host sweeping down the plain, splendidwith plumes and banners and glittering lances, i could stay here an ageto see the phantom pageant.
but the magic of the moonlight is a vanityand a fraud; and whoso putteth his trust in it shall suffer sorrow anddisappointment.
down at the foot of tabor, and just at the edge of the storied plain ofesdraelon, is the insignificant village of deburieh, where deborah,prophetess of israel, lived.
it is just like magdala.
we descended from mount tabor, crossed a deep ravine, followed a hilly,rocky road to nazareth--distant two hours.
all distances in the east aremeasured by hours, not miles.
a good horse will walk three miles an hourover nearly any kind of a road; therefore, an hour, here, always standsfor three miles.
this method of computation is bothersome and annoying;and until one gets thoroughly accustomed to it, it carries nointelligence to his mind until he has stopped and translated the paganhours into christian miles, just as people do with the spoken words of aforeign language they are acquainted with, but not familiarly enough tocatch the meaning in a moment.
distances traveled by human feet are alsoestimated by hours and minutes, though i do not know what the base of thecalculation is.
in constantinople you ask, "how far is it to theconsulate?"
and they answer, "about ten minutes."
"how far is it to thelloyds' agency?"
"quarter of an hour."
"how far is it to the lowerbridge?"
i can not be positive about it, but i thinkthat there, when a man orders a pair of pantaloons, he says he wants thema quarter of a minute in the legs and nine seconds around the waist.
two hours from tabor to nazareth--and as it was an uncommonly narrow,crooked trail, we necessarily met all the camel trains and jackasscaravans between jericho and jacksonville in that particular place andnowhere else.
the donkeys do not matter so much, because they are sosmall that you can jump your horse over them if he is an animal ofspirit, but a camel is not jumpable.
a camel is as tall as any ordinarydwelling-house in syria--which is to say a camel is from one to two, andsometimes nearly three feet taller than a good-sized man.
in this partof the country his load is oftenest in the shape of colossal sacks--oneon each side.
he and his cargo take up as much room as a carriage.
think of meeting this style of obstruction in a narrow trail.
the camelwould not turn out for a king.
he stalks serenely along, bringing hiscushioned stilts forward with the long, regular swing of a pendulum, andwhatever is in the way must get out of the way peaceably, or be wiped outforcibly by the bulky sacks.
it was a tiresome ride to us, and perfectlyexhausting to the horses.
we were compelled to jump over upwards ofeighteen hundred donkeys, and only one person in the party was unseatedless than sixty times by the camels.
this seems like a powerfulstatement, but the poet has said, "things are not what they seem."
i cannot think of any thing, now, more certain to make one shudder, than tohave a soft-footed camel sneak up behind him and touch him on the earwith its cold, flabby under-lip.
a camel did this for one of the boys,who was drooping over his saddle in a brown study.
he glanced up and sawthe majestic apparition hovering above him, and made frantic efforts toget out of the way, but the camel reached out and bit him on the shoulderbefore he accomplished it.
this was the only pleasant incident of thejourney.
at nazareth we camped in an olive grove near the virgin mary's fountain,and that wonderful arab "guard" came to collect some bucksheesh for his"services" in following us from tiberias and warding off invisibledangers with the terrors of his armament.
the dragoman had paid hismaster, but that counted as nothing--if you hire a man to sneeze for you,here, and another man chooses to help him, you have got to pay both.
they do nothing whatever without pay.
how it must have surprised thesepeople to hear the way of salvation offered to them "without money andwithout price."
if the manners, the people or the customs of thiscountry have changed since the saviour's time, the figures and metaphorsof the bible are not the evidences to prove it by.
we entered the great latin convent which is built over the traditionaldwelling-place of the holy family.
we went down a flight of fifteensteps below the ground level, and stood in a small chapel tricked outwith tapestry hangings, silver lamps, and oil paintings.
a spot markedby a cross, in the marble floor, under the altar, was exhibited as theplace made forever holy by the feet of the virgin when she stood up toreceive the message of the angel.
so simple, so unpretending a locality,to be the scene of so mighty an event!
the very scene of theannunciation--an event which has been commemorated by splendid shrinesand august temples all over the civilized world, and one which theprinces of art have made it their loftiest ambition to picture worthilyon their canvas; a spot whose history is familiar to the very children ofevery house, and city, and obscure hamlet of the furthest lands ofchristendom; a spot which myriads of men would toil across the breadth ofa world to see, would consider it a priceless privilege to look upon.
it was easy to think these thoughts.
but it was not easy to bring myselfup to the magnitude of the situation.
i could sit off several thousandmiles and imagine the angel appearing, with shadowy wings and lustrouscountenance, and note the glory that streamed downward upon the virgin'shead while the message from the throne of god fell upon her ears--any onecan do that, beyond the ocean, but few can do it here.
i saw the littlerecess from which the angel stepped, but could not fill its void.
theangels that i know are creatures of unstable fancy--they will not fit inniches of substantial stone.
imagination labors best in distant fields.
i doubt if any man can stand in the grotto of the annunciation and peoplewith the phantom images of his mind its too tangible walls of stone.
they showed us a broken granite pillar, depending from the roof, whichthey said was hacked in two by the moslem conquerors of nazareth, in thevain hope of pulling down the sanctuary.
but the pillar remainedmiraculously suspended in the air, and, unsupported itself, supportedthen and still supports the roof.
by dividing this statement up amongeight, it was found not difficult to believe it.
these gifted latin monks never do any thing by halves.
if they were toshow you the brazen serpent that was elevated in the wilderness, youcould depend upon it that they had on hand the pole it was elevated onalso, and even the hole it stood in.
they have got the "grotto" of theannunciation here; and just as convenient to it as one's throat is to hismouth, they have also the virgin's kitchen, and even her sitting-room,where she and joseph watched the infant saviour play with hebrew toyseighteen hundred years ago.
all under one roof, and all clean, spacious,comfortable "grottoes."
it seems curious that personages intimatelyconnected with the holy family always lived in grottoes--in nazareth, inbethlehem, in imperial ephesus--and yet nobody else in their day andgeneration thought of doing any thing of the kind.
if they ever did,their grottoes are all gone, and i suppose we ought to wonder at thepeculiar marvel of the preservation of these i speak of.
when the virginfled from herod's wrath, she hid in a grotto in bethlehem, and the sameis there to this day.
the slaughter of the innocents in bethlehem wasdone in a grotto; the saviour was born in a grotto--both are shown topilgrims yet.
it is exceedingly strange that these tremendous events allhappened in grottoes--and exceedingly fortunate, likewise, because thestrongest houses must crumble to ruin in time, but a grotto in the livingrock will last forever.
it is an imposture--this grotto stuff--but it isone that all men ought to thank the catholics for.
wherever they ferretout a lost locality made holy by some scriptural event, they straightwaybuild a massive--almost imperishable--church there, and preserve thememory of that locality for the gratification of future generations.
ifit had been left to protestants to do this most worthy work, we would noteven know where jerusalem is to-day, and the man who could go and put hisfinger on nazareth would be too wise for this world.
the world owes thecatholics its good will even for the happy rascality of hewing out thesebogus grottoes in the rock; for it is infinitely more satisfactory tolook at a grotto, where people have faithfully believed for centuriesthat the virgin once lived, than to have to imagine a dwelling-place forher somewhere, any where, nowhere, loose and at large all over this townof nazareth.
there is too large a scope of country.
the imagination cannot work.
there is no one particular spot to chain your eye, rivet yourinterest, and make you think.
the memory of the pilgrims can not perishwhile plymouth rock remains to us.
the old monks are wise.
they knowhow to drive a stake through a pleasant tradition that will hold it toits place forever.
we visited the places where jesus worked for fifteen years as acarpenter, and where he attempted to teach in the synagogue and wasdriven out by a mob.
catholic chapels stand upon these sites and protectthe little fragments of the ancient walls which remain.
our pilgrimsbroke off specimens.
we visited, also, a new chapel, in the midst of thetown, which is built around a boulder some twelve feet long by four feetthick; the priests discovered, a few years ago, that the disciples hadsat upon this rock to rest, once, when they had walked up from capernaum.
they hastened to preserve the relic.
relics are very good property.
travelers are expected to pay for seeing them, and they do it cheerfully.
we like the idea.
one's conscience can never be the worse for theknowledge that he has paid his way like a man.
our pilgrims would haveliked very well to get out their lampblack and stencil-plates and painttheir names on that rock, together with the names of the villages theyhail from in america, but the priests permit nothing of that kind.
to speak the strict truth, however, our party seldom offend in that way,though we have men in the ship who never lose an opportunity to do it.
our pilgrims' chief sin is their lust for "specimens."
i suppose that bythis time they know the dimensions of that rock to an inch, and itsweight to a ton; and i do not hesitate to charge that they will go backthere to-night and try to carry it off.
this "fountain of the virgin" is the one which tradition says mary usedto get water from, twenty times a day, when she was a girl, and bear itaway in a jar upon her head.
the water streams through faucets in theface of a wall of ancient masonry which stands removed from the houses ofthe village.
the young girls of nazareth still collect about it by thedozen and keep up a riotous laughter and sky-larking.
the nazarene girlsare homely.
some of them have large, lustrous eyes, but none of themhave pretty faces.
these girls wear a single garment, usually, and it isloose, shapeless, of undecided color; it is generally out of repair, too.
they wear, from crown to jaw, curious strings of old coins, after themanner of the belles of tiberias, and brass jewelry upon their wrists andin their ears.
they wear no shoes and stockings.
they are the mosthuman girls we have found in the country yet, and the best natured.
but there is no question that these picturesque maidens sadly lackcomeliness.
a pilgrim--the "enthusiast"--said: "see that tall, graceful girl!
look atthe madonna-like beauty of her countenance!"
another pilgrim came along presently and said: "observe that tall,graceful girl; what queenly madonna-like gracefulness of beauty is in hercountenance."
i said: "she is not tall, she is short; she is not beautiful, she ishomely; she is graceful enough, i grant, but she is rather boisterous."
the third and last pilgrim moved by, before long, and he said: "ah, whata tall, graceful girl!
what madonna-like gracefulness of queenly beauty!"
the verdicts were all in.
it was time, now, to look up the authoritiesfor all these opinions.
i found this paragraph, which follows.
c. grimes:     "after we were in the saddle, we rode down to the spring to have a     last look at the women of nazareth, who were, as a class, much the     prettiest that we had seen in the east.
as we approached the crowd     a tall girl of nineteen advanced toward miriam and offered her a cup     of water.
her movement was graceful and queenly.
we exclaimed on     the spot at the madonna-like beauty of her countenance.
whitely was     suddenly thirsty, and begged for water, and drank it slowly, with     his eyes over the top of the cup, fixed on her large black eyes,     which gazed on him quite as curiously as he on her.
then moreright     wanted water.
she gave it to him and he managed to spill it so as     to ask for another cup, and by the time she came to me she saw     through the operation; her eyes were full of fun as she looked at     me.
i laughed outright, and she joined me in as gay a shout as ever     country maiden in old orange county.
i wished for a picture of her.
a madonna, whose face was a portrait of that beautiful nazareth     girl, would be a 'thing of beauty' and 'a joy forever.'"
that is the kind of gruel which has been served out from palestine forages.
commend me to fennimore cooper to find beauty in the indians, andto grimes to find it in the arabs.
arab men are often fine looking, butarab women are not.
we can all believe that the virgin mary wasbeautiful; it is not natural to think otherwise; but does it follow thatit is our duty to find beauty in these present women of nazareth?
i love to quote from grimes, because he is so dramatic.
and because heis so romantic.
and because he seems to care but little whether he tellsthe truth or not, so he scares the reader or excites his envy or hisadmiration.
he went through this peaceful land with one hand forever on his revolver,and the other on his pocket-handkerchief.
always, when he was not on thepoint of crying over a holy place, he was on the point of killing anarab.
more surprising things happened to him in palestine than everhappened to any traveler here or elsewhere since munchausen died.
at beit jin, where nobody had interfered with him, he crept out of histent at dead of night and shot at what he took to be an arab lying on arock, some distance away, planning evil.
the ball killed a wolf.
justbefore he fired, he makes a dramatic picture of himself--as usual, toscare the reader:     "was it imagination, or did i see a moving object on the surface of     the rock?
if it were a man, why did he not now drop me?
he had a     beautiful shot as i stood out in my black boornoose against the     white tent.
i had the sensation of an entering bullet in my throat,     breast, brain."
riding toward genessaret, they saw two bedouins, and "we looked to ourpistols and loosened them quietly in our shawls," etc.
in samaria, he charged up a hill, in the face of a volley of stones; hefired into the crowd of men who threw them.
he says:     "i never lost an opportunity of impressing the arabs with the     perfection of american and english weapons, and the danger of     attacking any one of the armed franks.
i think the lesson of that     ball not lost."
at beit jin he gave his whole band of arab muleteers a piece of his mind,and then--     "i contented myself with a solemn assurance that if there occurred     another instance of disobedience to orders i would thrash the     responsible party as he never dreamed of being thrashed, and if i     could not find who was responsible, i would whip them all, from     first to last, whether there was a governor at hand to do it or i     had to do it myself"perfectly fearless, this man.
he rode down the perpendicular path in the rocks, from the castle ofbanias to the oak grove, at a flying gallop, his horse striding "thirtyfeet" at every bound.
i stand prepared to bring thirty reliablewitnesses to prove that putnam's famous feat at horseneck wasinsignificant compared to this.
behold him--always theatrical--looking at jerusalem--this time, by anoversight, with his hand off his pistol for once.
"i stood in the road, my hand on my horse's neck, and with my dim     eyes sought to trace the outlines of the holy places which i had     long before fixed in my mind, but the fast-flowing tears forbade my     succeeding.
there were our mohammedan servants, a latin monk, two     armenians and a jew in our cortege, and all alike gazed with     overflowing eyes."
if latin monks and arabs cried, i know to a moral certainty that thehorses cried also, and so the picture is complete.
but when necessity demanded, he could be firm as adamant.
in the lebanonvalley an arab youth--a christian; he is particular to explain thatmohammedans do not steal--robbed him of a paltry ten dollars' worth ofpowder and shot.
he convicted him before a sheik and looked on while hewas punished by the terrible bastinado.
hear him:     "he (mousa) was on his back in a twinkling, howling, shouting,     screaming, but he was carried out to the piazza before the door,     where we could see the operation, and laid face down.
one man sat     on his back and one on his legs, the latter holding up his feet,     while a third laid on the bare soles a rhinoceros-hide koorbash     --["a koorbash is arabic for cowhide, the cow being a rhinoceros.
it is the most cruel whip known to fame.
heavy as lead, and     flexible as india-rubber, usually about forty inches long and     tapering gradually from an inch in diameter to a point, it     administers a blow which leaves its mark for time."
--scow life in     egypt, by the same author.]
--that whizzed through the air at every     stroke.
poor moreright was in agony, and nama and nama the second     (mother and sister of mousa,) were on their faces begging and     wailing, now embracing my knees and now whitely's, while the     brother, outside, made the air ring with cries louder than mousa's.
even yusef came and asked me on his knees to relent, and last of     all, betuni--the rascal had lost a feed-bag in their house and had     been loudest in his denunciations that morning--besought the howajji     to have mercy on the fellow."
but not he!
the punishment was "suspended," at the fifteenth blow tohear the confession.
then grimes and his party rode away, and left theentire christian family to be fined and as severely punished as themohammedan sheik should deem proper.
"as i mounted, yusef once more begged me to interfere and have mercy     on them, but i looked around at the dark faces of the crowd, and i     couldn't find one drop of pity in my heart for them."
he closes his picture with a rollicking burst of humor which contrastsfinely with the grief of the mother and her children.
one more paragraph:     "then once more i bowed my head.
it is no shame to have wept in     palestine.
i wept, when i saw jerusalem, i wept when i lay in the     starlight at bethlehem.
i wept on the blessed shores of galilee.
my hand was no less firm on the rein, my anger did not tremble on     the trigger of my pistol when i rode with it in my right hand along     the shore of the blue sea" (weeping.)
"my eye was not dimmed by     those tears nor my heart in aught weakened.
let him who would sneer     at my emotion close this volume here, for he will find little to his     taste in my journeyings through holy land."
he never bored but he struck water.
i am aware that this is a pretty voluminous notice of mr. grimes' book.
however, it is proper and legitimate to speak of it, for "nomadic life inpalestine" is a representative book--the representative of a class ofpalestine books--and a criticism upon it will serve for a criticism uponthem all.
and since i am treating it in the comprehensive capacity of arepresentative book, i have taken the liberty of giving to both book andauthor fictitious names.
perhaps it is in better taste, any how, to dothis.
nazareth is wonderfully interesting because the town has an air about itof being precisely as jesus left it, and one finds himself saying, allthe time, "the boy jesus has stood in this doorway--has played in thatstreet--has touched these stones with his hands--has rambled over thesechalky hills."
whoever shall write the boyhood of jesus ingeniously willmake a book which will possess a vivid interest for young and old alike.
i judge so from the greater interest we found in nazareth than any of ourspeculations upon capernaum and the sea of galilee gave rise to.
it wasnot possible, standing by the sea of galilee, to frame more than a vague,far-away idea of the majestic personage who walked upon the crested wavesas if they had been solid earth, and who touched the dead and they roseup and spoke.
i read among my notes, now, with a new interest, somesentences from an edition of 1621 of the apocryphal new testament.
"christ, kissed by a bride made dumb by sorcerers, cures her.
a     leprous girl cured by the water in which the infant christ was     washed, and becomes the servant of joseph and mary.
the leprous son     of a prince cured in like manner.
"a young man who had been bewitched and turned into a mule,     miraculously cured by the infant savior being put on his back, and     is married to the girl who had been cured of leprosy.
whereupon the     bystanders praise god.
"chapter 16.  christ miraculously widens or contracts gates,     milk-pails, sieves or boxes, not properly made by joseph, he not     being skillful at his carpenter's trade.
the king of jerusalem     gives joseph an order for a throne.
joseph works on it for two     years and makes it two spans too short.
the king being angry with     him, jesus comforts him--commands him to pull one side of the     throne while he pulls the other, and brings it to its proper     dimensions.
"chapter 19.  jesus, charged with throwing a boy from the roof of a     house, miraculously causes the dead boy to speak and acquit him;     fetches water for his mother, breaks the pitcher and miraculously     gathers the water in his mantle and brings it home.
"sent to a schoolmaster, refuses to tell his letters, and the     schoolmaster going to whip him, his hand withers."
further on in this quaint volume of rejected gospels is an epistle of st.clement to the corinthians, which was used in the churches and consideredgenuine fourteen or fifteen hundred years ago.
in it this account of thefabled phoenix occurs:     "1.  let us consider that wonderful type of the resurrection, which     is seen in the eastern countries, that is to say, in arabia.
"2.  there is a certain bird called a phoenix.
of this there is     never but one at a time, and that lives five hundred years.
and     when the time of its dissolution draws near, that it must die, it     makes itself a nest of frankincense, and myrrh, and other spices,     into which, when its time is fulfilled, it enters and dies.
"3.  but its flesh, putrefying, breeds a certain worm, which, being     nourished by the juice of the dead bird, brings forth feathers; and     when it is grown to a perfect state, it takes up the nest in which     the bones of its parent lie, and carries it from arabia into egypt,     to a city called heliopolis:     "4.  and flying in open day in the sight of all men, lays it upon     the altar of the sun, and so returns from whence it came.
"5.  the priests then search into the records of the time, and find     that it returned precisely at the end of five hundred years."
business is business, and there is nothing like punctuality, especiallyin a phoenix.
the few chapters relating to the infancy of the saviour contain manythings which seem frivolous and not worth preserving.
a large part ofthe remaining portions of the book read like good scripture, however.
there is one verse that ought not to have been rejected, because it soevidently prophetically refers to the general run of congresses of theunited states:     "199.  they carry themselves high, and as prudent men; and though     they are fools, yet would seem to be teachers."
i have set these extracts down, as i found them.
everywhere among thecathedrals of france and italy, one finds traditions of personages thatdo not figure in the bible, and of miracles that are not mentioned in itspages.
but they are all in this apocryphal new testament, and thoughthey have been ruled out of our modern bible, it is claimed that theywere accepted gospel twelve or fifteen centuries ago, and ranked as highin credit as any.
one needs to read this book before he visits thosevenerable cathedrals, with their treasures of tabooed and forgottentradition.
they imposed another pirate upon us at nazareth--another invincible arabguard.
we took our last look at the city, clinging like a whitewashedwasp's nest to the hill-side, and at eight o'clock in the morningdeparted.
we dismounted and drove the horses down a bridle-path which ithink was fully as crooked as a corkscrew, which i know to be as steep asthe downward sweep of a rainbow, and which i believe to be the worstpiece of road in the geography, except one in the sandwich islands, whichi remember painfully, and possibly one or two mountain trails in thesierra nevadas.
often, in this narrow path the horse had to poisehimself nicely on a rude stone step and then drop his fore-feet over theedge and down something more than half his own height.
this brought hisnose near the ground, while his tail pointed up toward the sky somewhere,and gave him the appearance of preparing to stand on his head.
a horsecannot look dignified in this position.
we accomplished the long descentat last, and trotted across the great plain of esdraelon.
some of us will be shot before we finish this pilgrimage.
the pilgrimsread "nomadic life" and keep themselves in a constant state of quixoticheroism.
they have their hands on their pistols all the time, and everynow and then, when you least expect it, they snatch them out and take aimat bedouins who are not visible, and draw their knives and make savagepasses at other bedouins who do not exist.
i am in deadly peril always,for these spasms are sudden and irregular, and of course i cannot tellwhen to be getting out of the way.
if i am accidentally murdered, sometime, during one of these romantic frenzies of the pilgrims, mr. grimesmust be rigidly held to answer as an accessory before the fact.
if thepilgrims would take deliberate aim and shoot at a man, it would be allright and proper--because that man would not be in any danger; but theserandom assaults are what i object to.
i do not wish to see any moreplaces like esdraelon, where the ground is level and people can gallop.
it puts melodramatic nonsense into the pilgrims' heads.
all at once,when one is jogging along stupidly in the sun, and thinking aboutsomething ever so far away, here they come, at a stormy gallop, spurringand whooping at those ridgy old sore-backed plugs till their heels flyhigher than their heads, and as they whiz by, out comes a littlepotato-gun of a revolver, there is a startling little pop, and a smallpellet goes singing through the air.
now that i have begun thispilgrimage, i intend to go through with it, though sooth to say, nothingbut the most desperate valor has kept me to my purpose up to the presenttime.
i do not mind bedouins,--i am not afraid of them; because neitherbedouins nor ordinary arabs have shown any disposition to harm us, but ido feel afraid of my own comrades.
arriving at the furthest verge of the plain, we rode a little way up ahill and found ourselves at endor, famous for its witch.
her descendantsare there yet.
they were the wildest horde of half-naked savages we havefound thus far.
they swarmed out of mud bee-hives; out of hovels of thedry-goods box pattern; out of gaping caves under shelving rocks; out ofcrevices in the earth.
in five minutes the dead solitude and silence ofthe place were no more, and a begging, screeching, shouting mob werestruggling about the horses' feet and blocking the way.
it was magdala overagain, only here the glare from the infidel eyes was fierce and full ofhate.
the population numbers two hundred and fifty, and more than halfthe citizens live in caves in the rock.
dirt, degradation and savageryare endor's specialty.
we say no more about magdala and deburieh now.
endor heads the list.
it is worse than any indian 'campoodie'.
the hillis barren, rocky, and forbidding.
no sprig of grass is visible, and onlyone tree.
this is a fig-tree, which maintains a precarious footing amongthe rocks at the mouth of the dismal cavern once occupied by theveritable witch of endor.
in this cavern, tradition says, saul, theking, sat at midnight, and stared and trembled, while the earth shook,the thunders crashed among the hills, and out of the midst of fire andsmoke the spirit of the dead prophet rose up and confronted him.
saulhad crept to this place in the darkness, while his army slept, to learnwhat fate awaited him in the morrow's battle.
he went away a sad man, tomeet disgrace and death.
a spring trickles out of the rock in the gloomy recesses of the cavern,and we were thirsty.
the citizens of endor objected to our going inthere.
they do not mind dirt; they do not mind rags; they do not mindvermin; they do not mind barbarous ignorance and savagery; they do notmind a reasonable degree of starvation, but they do like to be pure andholy before their god, whoever he may be, and therefore they shudder andgrow almost pale at the idea of christian lips polluting a spring whosewaters must descend into their sanctified gullets.
we had no wantondesire to wound even their feelings or trample upon their prejudices, butwe were out of water, thus early in the day, and were burning up withthirst.
it was at this time, and under these circumstances, that iframed an aphorism which has already become celebrated.
i said:"necessity knows no law."
we went in and drank.
we got away from the noisy wretches, finally, dropping them in squads andcouples as we filed over the hills--the aged first, the infants next, theyoung girls further on; the strong men ran beside us a mile, and onlyleft when they had secured the last possible piastre in the way ofbucksheesh.
in an hour, we reached nain, where christ raised the widow's son to life.
nain is magdala on a small scale.
it has no population of anyconsequence.
within a hundred yards of it is the original graveyard, foraught i know; the tombstones lie flat on the ground, which is jewishfashion in syria.
i believe the moslems do not allow them to haveupright tombstones.
a moslem grave is usually roughly plastered over andwhitewashed, and has at one end an upright projection which is shapedinto exceedingly rude attempts at ornamentation.
in the cities, there isoften no appearance of a grave at all; a tall, slender marble tombstone,elaborately lettred, gilded and painted, marks the burial place, and thisis surmounted by a turban, so carved and shaped as to signify the deadman's rank in life.
they showed a fragment of ancient wall which they said was one side ofthe gate out of which the widow's dead son was being brought so manycenturies ago when jesus met the procession:     "now when he came nigh to the gate of the city, behold there was a     dead man carried out, the only son of his mother, and she was a     widow: and much people of the city was with her.
"and when the lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said, weep     not.
"and he came and touched the bier: and they that bare him stood     still.
and he said, young man, i say unto thee, arise.
"and he that was dead sat up, and began to speak.
and he delivered     him to his mother.
"and there came a fear on all.
and they glorified god, saying, that     a great prophet is risen up among us; and that god hath visited his     people."
a little mosque stands upon the spot which tradition says was occupied bythe widow's dwelling.
two or three aged arabs sat about its door.
weentered, and the pilgrims broke specimens from the foundation walls,though they had to touch, and even step, upon the "praying carpets" to doit.
it was almost the same as breaking pieces from the hearts of thoseold arabs.
to step rudely upon the sacred praying mats, with bootedfeet--a thing not done by any arab--was to inflict pain upon men who hadnot offended us in any way.
suppose a party of armed foreigners were toenter a village church in america and break ornaments from the altarrailings for curiosities, and climb up and walk upon the bible and thepulpit cushions?
however, the cases are different.
one is theprofanation of a temple of our faith--the other only the profanation of apagan one.
we descended to the plain again, and halted a moment at a well--ofabraham's time, no doubt.
it was in a desert place.
it was walled threefeet above ground with squared and heavy blocks of stone, after themanner of bible pictures.
around it some camels stood, and others knelt.
there was a group of sober little donkeys with naked, dusky childrenclambering about them, or sitting astride their rumps, or pulling theirtails.
tawny, black-eyed, barefooted maids, arrayed in rags and adornedwith brazen armlets and pinchbeck ear-rings, were poising water-jars upontheir heads, or drawing water from the well.
a flock of sheep stood by,waiting for the shepherds to fill the hollowed stones with water, so thatthey might drink--stones which, like those that walled the well, wereworn smooth and deeply creased by the chafing chins of a hundredgenerations of thirsty animals.
picturesque arabs sat upon the ground,in groups, and solemnly smoked their long-stemmed chibouks.
other arabswere filling black hog-skins with water--skins which, well filled, anddistended with water till the short legs projected painfully out of theproper line, looked like the corpses of hogs bloated by drowning.
herewas a grand oriental picture which i had worshiped a thousand times insoft, rich steel engravings!
but in the engraving there was nodesolation; no dirt; no rags; no fleas; no ugly features; no sore eyes;no feasting flies; no besotted ignorance in the countenances; no rawplaces on the donkeys' backs; no disagreeable jabbering in unknowntongues; no stench of camels; no suggestion that a couple of tons ofpowder placed under the party and touched off would heighten the effectand give to the scene a genuine interest and a charm which it wouldalways be pleasant to recall, even though a man lived a thousand years.
oriental scenes look best in steel engravings.
i cannot be imposed uponany more by that picture of the queen of sheba visiting solomon.
i shallsay to myself, you look fine, madam but your feet are not clean and yousmell like a camel.
presently a wild arab in charge of a camel train recognized an old friendin ferguson, and they ran and fell upon each other's necks and kissedeach other's grimy, bearded faces upon both cheeks.
it explainedinstantly a something which had always seemed to me only a farfetchedoriental figure of speech.
i refer to the circumstance of christ'srebuking a pharisee, or some such character, and reminding him that fromhim he had received no "kiss of welcome."
it did not seem reasonable tome that men should kiss each other, but i am aware, now, that they did.
there was reason in it, too.
the custom was natural and proper; becausepeople must kiss, and a man would not be likely to kiss one of the womenof this country of his own free will and accord.
one must travel, tolearn.
every day, now, old scriptural phrases that never possessed anysignificance for me before, take to themselves a meaning.
we journeyed around the base of the mountain--"little hermon,"--past theold crusaders' castle of el fuleh, and arrived at shunem.
this wasanother magdala, to a fraction, frescoes and all.
here, tradition says,the prophet samuel was born, and here the shunamite woman built a littlehouse upon the city wall for the accommodation of the prophet elisha.
elisha asked her what she expected in return.
it was a perfectly naturalquestion, for these people are and were in the habit of proffering favorsand services and then expecting and begging for pay.
elisha knew themwell.
he could not comprehend that any body should build for him thathumble little chamber for the mere sake of old friendship, and with noselfish motive whatever.
it used to seem a very impolite, not to say arude, question, for elisha to ask the woman, but it does not seem so tome now.
the woman said she expected nothing.
then for her goodness andher unselfishness, he rejoiced her heart with the news that she shouldbear a son.
it was a high reward--but she would not have thanked him fora daughter--daughters have always been unpopular here.
the son was born,grew, waxed strong, died.
elisha restored him to life in shunem.
we found here a grove of lemon trees--cool, shady, hung with fruit.
oneis apt to overestimate beauty when it is rare, but to me this groveseemed very beautiful.
it was beautiful.
i do not overestimate it.
imust always remember shunem gratefully, as a place which gave to us thisleafy shelter after our long, hot ride.
we lunched, rested, chatted,smoked our pipes an hour, and then mounted and moved on.
as we trotted across the plain of jezreel, we met half a dozen diggerindians (bedouins) with very long spears in their hands, cavorting aroundon old crowbait horses, and spearing imaginary enemies; whooping, andfluttering their rags in the wind, and carrying on in every respect likea pack of hopeless lunatics.
at last, here were the "wild, free sons ofthe desert, speeding over the plain like the wind, on their beautifularabian mares" we had read so much about and longed so much to see!
herewere the "picturesque costumes!"
this was the "gallant spectacle!"
tatterdemalion vagrants--cheap braggadocio--"arabian mares" spined andnecked like the ichthyosaurus in the museum, and humped and cornered likea dromedary!
to glance at the genuine son of the desert is to take theromance out of him forever--to behold his steed is to long in charity tostrip his harness off and let him fall to pieces.
presently we came to a ruinous old town on a hill, the same being theancient jezreel.
ahab, king of samaria, (this was a very vast kingdom, for those days, andwas very nearly half as large as rhode island) dwelt in the city ofjezreel, which was his capital.
near him lived a man by the name ofnaboth, who had a vineyard.
the king asked him for it, and when he wouldnot give it, offered to buy it.
but naboth refused to sell it.
in thosedays it was considered a sort of crime to part with one's inheritance atany price--and even if a man did part with it, it reverted to himself orhis heirs again at the next jubilee year.
so this spoiled child of aking went and lay down on the bed with his face to the wall, and grievedsorely.
the queen, a notorious character in those days, and whose nameis a by-word and a reproach even in these, came in and asked himwherefore he sorrowed, and he told her.
jezebel said she could securethe vineyard; and she went forth and forged letters to the nobles andwise men, in the king's name, and ordered them to proclaim a fast and setnaboth on high before the people, and suborn two witnesses to swear thathe had blasphemed.
they did it, and the people stoned the accused by thecity wall, and he died.
then jezebel came and told the king, and said,behold, naboth is no more--rise up and seize the vineyard.
so ahabseized the vineyard, and went into it to possess it.
but the prophetelijah came to him there and read his fate to him, and the fate ofjezebel; and said that in the place where dogs licked the blood ofnaboth, dogs should also lick his blood--and he said, likewise, the dogsshould eat jezebel by the wall of jezreel.
in the course of time, theking was killed in battle, and when his chariot wheels were washed in thepool of samaria, the dogs licked the blood.
in after years, jehu, whowas king of israel, marched down against jezreel, by order of one of theprophets, and administered one of those convincing rebukes so commonamong the people of those days: he killed many kings and their subjects,and as he came along he saw jezebel, painted and finely dressed, lookingout of a window, and ordered that she be thrown down to him.
a servantdid it, and jehu's horse trampled her under foot.
then jehu went in andsat down to dinner; and presently he said, go and bury this cursed woman,for she is a king's daughter.
the spirit of charity came upon him toolate, however, for the prophecy had already been fulfilled--the dogs hadeaten her, and they "found no more of her than the skull, and the feet,and the palms of her hands."
ahab, the late king, had left a helpless family behind him, and jehukilled seventy of the orphan sons.
then he killed all the relatives, andteachers, and servants and friends of the family, and rested from hislabors, until he was come near to samaria, where he met forty-two personsand asked them who they were; they said they were brothers of the king ofjudah.
he killed them.
when he got to samaria, he said he would showhis zeal for the lord; so he gathered all the priests and people togetherthat worshiped baal, pretending that he was going to adopt that worshipand offer up a great sacrifice; and when they were all shut up where theycould not defend themselves, he caused every person of them to be killed.
then jehu, the good missionary, rested from his labors once more.
we went back to the valley, and rode to the fountain of ain jelud.
theycall it the fountain of jezreel, usually.
it is a pond about one hundredfeet square and four feet deep, with a stream of water trickling into itfrom under an overhanging ledge of rocks.
it is in the midst of a greatsolitude.
here gideon pitched his camp in the old times; behind shunemlay the "midianites, the amalekites, and the children of the east," whowere "as grasshoppers for multitude; both they and their camels werewithout number, as the sand by the sea-side for multitude."
which meansthat there were one hundred and thirty-five thousand men, and that theyhad transportation service accordingly.
gideon, with only three hundred men, surprised them in the night, andstood by and looked on while they butchered each other until a hundredand twenty thousand lay dead on the field.
we camped at jenin before night, and got up and started again at oneo'clock in the morning.
somewhere towards daylight we passed thelocality where the best authenticated tradition locates the pit intowhich joseph's brethren threw him, and about noon, after passing over asuccession of mountain tops, clad with groves of fig and olive trees,with the mediterranean in sight some forty miles away, and going by manyancient biblical cities whose inhabitants glowered savagely upon ourchristian procession, and were seemingly inclined to practice on it withstones, we came to the singularly terraced and unlovely hills thatbetrayed that we were out of galilee and into samaria at last.
we climbed a high hill to visit the city of samaria, where the woman mayhave hailed from who conversed with christ at jacob's well, and fromwhence, no doubt, came also the celebrated good samaritan.
herod thegreat is said to have made a magnificent city of this place, and a greatnumber of coarse limestone columns, twenty feet high and two feetthrough, that are almost guiltless of architectural grace of shape andornament, are pointed out by many authors as evidence of the fact.
theywould not have been considered handsome in ancient greece, however.
the inhabitants of this camp are particularly vicious, and stoned twoparties of our pilgrims a day or two ago who brought about the difficultyby showing their revolvers when they did not intend to use them--a thingwhich is deemed bad judgment in the far west, and ought certainly to beso considered any where.
in the new territories, when a man puts hishand on a weapon, he knows that he must use it; he must use it instantlyor expect to be shot down where he stands.
those pilgrims had beenreading grimes.
there was nothing for us to do in samaria but buy handfuls of old romancoins at a franc a dozen, and look at a dilapidated church of thecrusaders and a vault in it which once contained the body of john thebaptist.
this relic was long ago carried away to genoa.
samaria stood a disastrous siege, once, in the days of elisha, at thehands of the king of syria.
provisions reached such a figure that "anass' head was sold for eighty pieces of silver and the fourth part of acab of dove's dung for five pieces of silver."
an incident recorded of that heavy time will give one a very good idea ofthe distress that prevailed within these crumbling walls.
as the kingwas walking upon the battlements one day, "a woman cried out, saying,help, my lord, o king!
and the king said, what aileth thee?
and sheanswered, this woman said unto me, give thy son, that we may eat himto-day, and we will eat my son to-morrow.
so we boiled my son, and dideat him; and i said unto her on the next day, give thy son that we mayeat him; and she hath hid her son."
the prophet elisha declared that within four and twenty hours the pricesof food should go down to nothing, almost, and it was so.
the syrianarmy broke camp and fled, for some cause or other, the famine wasrelieved from without, and many a shoddy speculator in dove's dung andass's meat was ruined.
we were glad to leave this hot and dusty old village and hurry on.
attwo o'clock we stopped to lunch and rest at ancient shechem, between thehistoric mounts of gerizim and ebal, where in the old times the books ofthe law, the curses and the blessings, were read from the heights to thejewish multitudes below.
the narrow canon in which nablous, or shechem, is situated, is under highcultivation, and the soil is exceedingly black and fertile.
it is wellwatered, and its affluent vegetation gains effect by contrast with thebarren hills that tower on either side.
one of these hills is theancient mount of blessings and the other the mount of curses and wise menwho seek for fulfillments of prophecy think they find here a wonder ofthis kind--to wit, that the mount of blessings is strangely fertile andits mate as strangely unproductive.
we could not see that there wasreally much difference between them in this respect, however.
shechem is distinguished as one of the residences of the patriarch jacob,and as the seat of those tribes that cut themselves loose from theirbrethren of israel and propagated doctrines not in conformity with thoseof the original jewish creed.
for thousands of years this clan havedwelt in shechem under strict tabu, and having little commerce orfellowship with their fellow men of any religion or nationality.
forgenerations they have not numbered more than one or two hundred, but theystill adhere to their ancient faith and maintain their ancient rites andceremonies.
talk of family and old descent!
princes and nobles pridethemselves upon lineages they can trace back some hundreds of years.
what is this trifle to this handful of old first families of shechem whocan name their fathers straight back without a flaw for thousands--straight back to a period so remote that men reared in a country wherethe days of two hundred years ago are called "ancient" times grow dazedand bewildered when they try to comprehend it!
here is respectabilityfor you--here is "family"--here is high descent worth talking about.
this sad, proud remnant of a once mighty community still hold themselvesaloof from all the world; they still live as their fathers lived, laboras their fathers labored, think as they did, feel as they did, worship inthe same place, in sight of the same landmarks, and in the same quaint,patriarchal way their ancestors did more than thirty centuries ago.
ifound myself gazing at any straggling scion of this strange race with ariveted fascination, just as one would stare at a living mastodon, or amegatherium that had moved in the grey dawn of creation and seen thewonders of that mysterious world that was before the flood.
carefully preserved among the sacred archives of this curious communityis a mss.
copy of the ancient jewish law, which is said to be the oldestdocument on earth.
it is written on vellum, and is some four or fivethousand years old.
nothing but bucksheesh can purchase a sight.
itsfame is somewhat dimmed in these latter days, because of the doubts somany authors of palestine travels have felt themselves privileged to castupon it.
speaking of this mss.
reminds me that i procured from thehigh-priest of this ancient samaritan community, at great expense, asecret document of still higher antiquity and far more extraordinaryinterest, which i propose to publish as soon as i have finishedtranslating it.
joshua gave his dying injunction to the children of israel at shechem,and buried a valuable treasure secretly under an oak tree there about thesame time.
the superstitious samaritans have always been afraid to huntfor it.
they believe it is guarded by fierce spirits invisible to men.
about a mile and a half from shechem we halted at the base of mount ebalbefore a little square area, inclosed by a high stone wall, neatlywhitewashed.
across one end of this inclosure is a tomb built after themanner of the moslems.
it is the tomb of joseph.
no truth is betterauthenticated than this.
when joseph was dying he prophesied that exodus of the israelites fromegypt which occurred four hundred years afterwards.
at the same time heexacted of his people an oath that when they journeyed to the land ofcanaan they would bear his bones with them and bury them in the ancientinheritance of his fathers.
the oath was kept.
"and the bones of joseph,which the children of israel brought up out of egypt, buried they inshechem, in a parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamorthe father of shechem for a hundred pieces of silver."
few tombs on earth command the veneration of so many races and men ofdivers creeds as this of joseph.
"samaritan and jew, moslem andchristian alike, revere it, and honor it with their visits.
the tomb ofjoseph, the dutiful son, the affectionate, forgiving brother, thevirtuous man, the wise prince and ruler.
egypt felt his influence--theworld knows his history."
in this same "parcel of ground" which jacob bought of the sons of hamorfor a hundred pieces of silver, is jacob's celebrated well.
it is cut inthe solid rock, and is nine feet square and ninety feet deep.
the nameof this unpretending hole in the ground, which one might pass by and takeno notice of, is as familiar as household words to even the children andthe peasants of many a far-off country.
it is more famous than theparthenon; it is older than the pyramids.
it was by this well that jesus sat and talked with a woman of thatstrange, antiquated samaritan community i have been speaking of, and toldher of the mysterious water of life.
as descendants of old englishnobles still cherish in the traditions of their houses how that this kingor that king tarried a day with some favored ancestor three hundred yearsago, no doubt the descendants of the woman of samaria, living there inshechem, still refer with pardonable vanity to this conversation of theirancestor, held some little time gone by, with the messiah of thechristians.
it is not likely that they undervalue a distinction such asthis.
samaritan nature is human nature, and human nature rememberscontact with the illustrious, always.
for an offense done to the family honor, the sons of jacob exterminatedall shechem once.
we left jacob's well and traveled till eight in the evening, but ratherslowly, for we had been in the saddle nineteen hours, and the horses werecruelly tired.
we got so far ahead of the tents that we had to camp inan arab village, and sleep on the ground.
we could have slept in thelargest of the houses; but there were some little drawbacks: it waspopulous with vermin, it had a dirt floor, it was in no respect cleanly,and there was a family of goats in the only bedroom, and two donkeys inthe parlor.
outside there were no inconveniences, except that the dusky,ragged, earnest-eyed villagers of both sexes and all ages groupedthemselves on their haunches all around us, and discussed us andcriticised us with noisy tongues till midnight.
we did not mind thenoise, being tired, but, doubtless, the reader is aware that it is almostan impossible thing to go to sleep when you know that people are lookingat you.
we went to bed at ten, and got up again at two and started oncemore.
thus are people persecuted by dragomen, whose sole ambition inlife is to get ahead of each other.
about daylight we passed shiloh, where the ark of the covenant restedthree hundred years, and at whose gates good old eli fell down and "brakehis neck" when the messenger, riding hard from the battle, told him ofthe defeat of his people, the death of his sons, and, more than all, thecapture of israel's pride, her hope, her refuge, the ancient ark herforefathers brought with them out of egypt.
it is little wonder thatunder circumstances like these he fell down and brake his neck.
butshiloh had no charms for us.
we were so cold that there was no comfortbut in motion, and so drowsy we could hardly sit upon the horses.
after a while we came to a shapeless mass of ruins, which still bears thename of bethel.
it was here that jacob lay down and had that superbvision of angels flitting up and down a ladder that reached from theclouds to earth, and caught glimpses of their blessed home through theopen gates of heaven.
the pilgrims took what was left of the hallowed ruin, and we pressed ontoward the goal of our crusade, renowned jerusalem.
the further we went the hotter the sun got, and the more rocky and bare,repulsive and dreary the landscape became.
there could not have beenmore fragments of stone strewn broadcast over this part of the world, ifevery ten square feet of the land had been occupied by a separate anddistinct stonecutter's establishment for an age.
there was hardly a treeor a shrub any where.
even the olive and the cactus, those fast friendsof a worthless soil, had almost deserted the country.
no landscapeexists that is more tiresome to the eye than that which bounds theapproaches to jerusalem.
the only difference between the roads and thesurrounding country, perhaps, is that there are rather more rocks in theroads than in the surrounding country.
we passed ramah, and beroth, and on the right saw the tomb of the prophetsamuel, perched high upon a commanding eminence.
still no jerusalem camein sight.
we hurried on impatiently.
we halted a moment at the ancientfountain of beira, but its stones, worn deeply by the chins of thirstyanimals that are dead and gone centuries ago, had no interest for us--welonged to see jerusalem.
we spurred up hill after hill, and usuallybegan to stretch our necks minutes before we got to the top--butdisappointment always followed:--more stupid hills beyond--more unsightlylandscape--no holy city.
at last, away in the middle of the day, ancient bite of wall andcrumbling arches began to line the way--we toiled up one more hill, andevery pilgrim and every sinner swung his hat on high!
perched on its eternal hills, white and domed and solid, massed togetherand hooped with high gray walls, the venerable city gleamed in the sun.
why, it was no larger than an american village of fourthousand inhabitants, and no larger than an ordinary syrian city ofthirty thousand.
jerusalem numbers only fourteen thousand people.
we dismounted and looked, without speaking a dozen sentences, across thewide intervening valley for an hour or more; and noted those prominentfeatures of the city that pictures make familiar to all men from theirschool days till their death.
we could recognize the tower of hippicus,the mosque of omar, the damascus gate, the mount of olives, the valley ofjehoshaphat, the tower of david, and the garden of gethsemane--and datingfrom these landmarks could tell very nearly the localities of many otherswe were not able to distinguish.
i record it here as a notable but not discreditable fact that not evenour pilgrims wept.
i think there was no individual in the party whosebrain was not teeming with thoughts and images and memories invoked bythe grand history of the venerable city that lay before us, but stillamong them all was no "voice of them that wept."
there was no call for tears.
tears would have been out of place.
thethoughts jerusalem suggests are full of poetry, sublimity, and more thanall, dignity.
such thoughts do not find their appropriate expression inthe emotions of the nursery.
just after noon we entered these narrow, crooked streets, by the ancientand the famed damascus gate, and now for several hours i have been tryingto comprehend that i am actually in the illustrious old city wheresolomon dwelt, where abraham held converse with the deity, and wherewalls still stand that witnessed the spectacle of the crucifixion.
a fast walker could go outside the walls of jerusalem and walk entirelyaround the city in an hour.
i do not know how else to make oneunderstand how small it is.
the appearance of the city is peculiar.
itis as knobby with countless little domes as a prison door is withbolt-heads.
every house has from one to half a dozen of these whiteplastered domes of stone, broad and low, sitting in the centre of, or ina cluster upon, the flat roof.
wherefore, when one looks down from aneminence, upon the compact mass of houses (so closely crowded together,in fact, that there is no appearance of streets at all, and so the citylooks solid,) he sees the knobbiest town in the world, exceptconstantinople.
it looks as if it might be roofed, from centre tocircumference, with inverted saucers.
the monotony of the view isinterrupted only by the great mosque of omar, the tower of hippicus, andone or two other buildings that rise into commanding prominence.
the houses are generally two stories high, built strongly of masonry,whitewashed or plastered outside, and have a cage of wooden lattice-workprojecting in front of every window.
to reproduce a jerusalem street, itwould only be necessary to up-end a chicken-coop and hang it before eachwindow in an alley of american houses.
the streets are roughly and badly paved with stone, and are tolerablycrooked--enough so to make each street appear to close togetherconstantly and come to an end about a hundred yards ahead of a pilgrim aslong as he chooses to walk in it.
projecting from the top of the lowerstory of many of the houses is a very narrow porch-roof or shed, withoutsupports from below; and i have several times seen cats jump across thestreet from one shed to the other when they were out calling.
the catscould have jumped double the distance without extraordinary exertion.
imention these things to give an idea of how narrow the streets are.
since a cat can jump across them without the least inconvenience, it ishardly necessary to state that such streets are too narrow for carriages.
these vehicles cannot navigate the holy city.
the population of jerusalem is composed of moslems, jews, greeks, latins,armenians, syrians, copts, abyssinians, greek catholics, and a handful ofprotestants.
one hundred of the latter sect are all that dwell now inthis birthplace of christianity.
the nice shades of nationalitycomprised in the above list, and the languages spoken by them, arealtogether too numerous to mention.
it seems to me that all the racesand colors and tongues of the earth must be represented among thefourteen thousand souls that dwell in jerusalem.
rags, wretchedness,poverty and dirt, those signs and symbols that indicate the presence ofmoslem rule more surely than the crescent-flag itself, abound.
lepers,cripples, the blind, and the idiotic, assail you on every hand, and theyknow but one word of but one language apparently--the eternal"bucksheesh."
to see the numbers of maimed, malformed and diseasedhumanity that throng the holy places and obstruct the gates, one mightsuppose that the ancient days had come again, and that the angel of thelord was expected to descend at any moment to stir the waters ofbethesda.
jerusalem is mournful, and dreary, and lifeless.
i would notdesire to live here.
one naturally goes first to the holy sepulchre.
it is right in the city,near the western gate; it and the place of the crucifixion, and, in fact,every other place intimately connected with that tremendous event, areingeniously massed together and covered by one roof--the dome of thechurch of the holy sepulchre.
entering the building, through the midst of the usual assemblage ofbeggars, one sees on his left a few turkish guards--for christians ofdifferent sects will not only quarrel, but fight, also, in this sacredplace, if allowed to do it.
before you is a marble slab, which coversthe stone of unction, whereon the saviour's body was laid to prepare itfor burial.
it was found necessary to conceal the real stone in this wayin order to save it from destruction.
pilgrims were too much given tochipping off pieces of it to carry home.
near by is a circular railingwhich marks the spot where the virgin stood when the lord's body wasanointed.
entering the great rotunda, we stand before the most sacred locality inchristendom--the grave of jesus.
it is in the centre of the church, andimmediately under the great dome.
it is inclosed in a sort of littletemple of yellow and white stone, of fanciful design.
within the littletemple is a portion of the very stone which was rolled away from the doorof the sepulchre, and on which the angel was sitting when mary camethither "at early dawn."
stooping low, we enter the vault--the sepulchreitself.
it is only about six feet by seven, and the stone couch on whichthe dead saviour lay extends from end to end of the apartment andoccupies half its width.
it is covered with a marble slab which has beenmuch worn by the lips of pilgrims.
this slab serves as an altar, now.
over it hang some fifty gold and silver lamps, which are kept alwaysburning, and the place is otherwise scandalized by trumpery, gewgaws, andtawdry ornamentation.
all sects of christians (except protestants,) have chapels under the roofof the church of the holy sepulchre, and each must keep to itself and notventure upon another's ground.
it has been proven conclusively that theycan not worship together around the grave of the saviour of the world inpeace.
the chapel of the syrians is not handsome; that of the copts isthe humblest of them all.
it is nothing but a dismal cavern, roughlyhewn in the living rock of the hill of calvary.
in one side of it twoancient tombs are hewn, which are claimed to be those in which nicodemusand joseph of aramathea were buried.
as we moved among the great piers and pillars of another part of thechurch, we came upon a party of black-robed, animal-looking italianmonks, with candles in their hands, who were chanting something in latin,and going through some kind of religious performance around a disk ofwhite marble let into the floor.
it was there that the risen saviourappeared to mary magdalen in the likeness of a gardener.
near by was asimilar stone, shaped like a star--here the magdalen herself stood, atthe same time.
monks were performing in this place also.
they performeverywhere--all over the vast building, and at all hours.
their candlesare always flitting about in the gloom, and making the dim old churchmore dismal than there is any necessity that it should be, even though itis a tomb.
we were shown the place where our lord appeared to his mother after theresurrection.
here, also, a marble slab marks the place where st.helena, the mother of the emperor constantine, found the crosses aboutthree hundred years after the crucifixion.
according to the legend, thisgreat discovery elicited extravagant demonstrations of joy.
but theywere of short duration.
the question intruded itself: "which bore theblessed saviour, and which the thieves?"
to be in doubt, in so mighty amatter as this--to be uncertain which one to adore--was a grievousmisfortune.
it turned the public joy to sorrow.
but when lived there aholy priest who could not set so simple a trouble as this at rest?
oneof these soon hit upon a plan that would be a certain test.
a noble ladylay very ill in jerusalem.
the wise priests ordered that the threecrosses be taken to her bedside one at a time.
it was done.
when hereyes fell upon the first one, she uttered a scream that was heard beyondthe damascus gate, and even upon the mount of olives, it was said, andthen fell back in a deadly swoon.
they recovered her and brought thesecond cross.
instantly she went into fearful convulsions, and it waswith the greatest difficulty that six strong men could hold her.
theywere afraid, now, to bring in the third cross.
they began to fear thatpossibly they had fallen upon the wrong crosses, and that the true crosswas not with this number at all.
however, as the woman seemed likely todie with the convulsions that were tearing her, they concluded that thethird could do no more than put her out of her misery with a happydispatch.
so they brought it, and behold, a miracle!
the woman sprangfrom her bed, smiling and joyful, and perfectly restored to health.
whenwe listen to evidence like this, we cannot but believe.
we would beashamed to doubt, and properly, too.
even the very part of jerusalemwhere this all occurred is there yet.
so there is really no room fordoubt.
the priests tried to show us, through a small screen, a fragment of thegenuine pillar of flagellation, to which christ was bound when theyscourged him.
but we could not see it, because it was dark inside thescreen.
however, a baton is kept here, which the pilgrim thrusts througha hole in the screen, and then he no longer doubts that the true pillarof flagellation is in there.
he can not have any excuse to doubt it, forhe can feel it with the stick.
he can feel it as distinctly as he couldfeel any thing.
not far from here was a niche where they used to preserve a piece of thetrue cross, but it is gone, now.
this piece of the cross was discoveredin the sixteenth century.
the latin priests say it was stolen away, longago, by priests of another sect.
that seems like a hard statement tomake, but we know very well that it was stolen, because we have seen itourselves in several of the cathedrals of italy and france.
but the relic that touched us most was the plain old sword of that stoutcrusader, godfrey of bulloigne--king godfrey of jerusalem.
no blade inchristendom wields such enchantment as this--no blade of all that rust inthe ancestral halls of europe is able to invoke such visions of romancein the brain of him who looks upon it--none that can prate of suchchivalric deeds or tell such brave tales of the warrior days of old.
itstirs within a man every memory of the holy wars that has been sleepingin his brain for years, and peoples his thoughts with mail-clad images,with marching armies, with battles and with sieges.
it speaks to him ofbaldwin, and tancred, the princely saladin, and great richard of the lionheart.
it was with just such blades as these that these splendid heroesof romance used to segregate a man, so to speak, and leave the half ofhim to fall one way and the other half the other.
this very sword hascloven hundreds of saracen knights from crown to chin in those old timeswhen godfrey wielded it.
it was enchanted, then, by a genius that wasunder the command of king solomon.
when danger approached its master'stent it always struck the shield and clanged out a fierce alarm upon thestartled ear of night.
in times of doubt, or in fog or darkness, if itwere drawn from its sheath it would point instantly toward the foe, andthus reveal the way--and it would also attempt to start after them of itsown accord.
a christian could not be so disguised that it would not knowhim and refuse to hurt him--nor a moslem so disguised that it would notleap from its scabbard and take his life.
these statements are all wellauthenticated in many legends that are among the most trustworthy legendsthe good old catholic monks preserve.
i can never forget old godfrey'ssword, now.
i tried it on a moslem, and clove him in twain like adoughnut.
the spirit of grimes was upon me, and if i had had a graveyardi would have destroyed all the infidels in jerusalem.
i wiped the bloodoff the old sword and handed it back to the priest--i did not want thefresh gore to obliterate those sacred spots that crimsoned its brightnessone day six hundred years ago and thus gave godfrey warning that beforethe sun went down his journey of life would end.
still moving through the gloom of the church of the holy sepulchre wecame to a small chapel, hewn out of the rock--a place which has beenknown as "the prison of our lord" for many centuries.
tradition saysthat here the saviour was confined just previously to the crucifixion.
under an altar by the door was a pair of stone stocks for human legs.
these things are called the "bonds of christ," and the use they were onceput to has given them the name they now bear.
the greek chapel is the most roomy, the richest and the showiest chapelin the church of the holy sepulchre.
its altar, like that of all thegreek churches, is a lofty screen that extends clear across the chapel,and is gorgeous with gilding and pictures.
the numerous lamps that hangbefore it are of gold and silver, and cost great sums.
but the feature of the place is a short column that rises from the middleof the marble pavement of the chapel, and marks the exact centre of theearth.
the most reliable traditions tell us that this was known to bethe earth's centre, ages ago, and that when christ was upon earth he setall doubts upon the subject at rest forever, by stating with his own lipsthat the tradition was correct.
remember, he said that that particularcolumn stood upon the centre of the world.
if the centre of the worldchanges, the column changes its position accordingly.
this column hasmoved three different times of its own accord.
this is because, in greatconvulsions of nature, at three different times, masses of the earth--whole ranges of mountains, probably--have flown off into space, thuslessening the diameter of the earth, and changing the exact locality ofits centre by a point or two.
this is a very curious and interestingcircumstance, and is a withering rebuke to those philosophers who wouldmake us believe that it is not possible for any portion of the earth tofly off into space.
to satisfy himself that this spot was really the centre of the earth, asceptic once paid well for the privilege of ascending to the dome of thechurch to see if the sun gave him a shadow at noon.
he came downperfectly convinced.
the day was very cloudy and the sun threw noshadows at all; but the man was satisfied that if the sun had come outand made shadows it could not have made any for him.
proofs like theseare not to be set aside by the idle tongues of cavilers.
to such as arenot bigoted, and are willing to be convinced, they carry a convictionthat nothing can ever shake.
if even greater proofs than those i have mentioned are wanted, to satisfythe headstrong and the foolish that this is the genuine centre of theearth, they are here.
the greatest of them lies in the fact that fromunder this very column was taken the dust from which adam was made.
thiscan surely be regarded in the light of a settler.
it is not likely thatthe original first man would have been made from an inferior quality ofearth when it was entirely convenient to get first quality from theworld's centre.
this will strike any reflecting mind forcibly.
thatadam was formed of dirt procured in this very spot is amply proven by thefact that in six thousand years no man has ever been able to prove thatthe dirt was not procured here whereof he was made.
it is a singular circumstance that right under the roof of this samegreat church, and not far away from that illustrious column, adamhimself, the father of the human race, lies buried.
there is no questionthat he is actually buried in the grave which is pointed out as his--there can be none--because it has never yet been proven that that graveis not the grave in which he is buried.
the tomb of adam!
how touching it was, here in a land of strangers, faraway from home, and friends, and all who cared for me, thus to discoverthe grave of a blood relation.
true, a distant one, but still arelation.
the unerring instinct of nature thrilled its recognition.
thefountain of my filial affection was stirred to its profoundest depths,and i gave way to tumultuous emotion.
i leaned upon a pillar and burstinto tears.
i deem it no shame to have wept over the grave of my poordead relative.
let him who would sneer at my emotion close this volumehere, for he will find little to his taste in my journeyings through holyland.
noble old man--he did not live to see me--he did not live to seehis child.
and i--i--alas, i did not live to see him.
weighed down bysorrow and disappointment, he died before i was born--six thousand briefsummers before i was born.
but let us try to bear it with fortitude.
let us trust that he is better off where he is.
let us take comfort inthe thought that his loss is our eternal gain.
the next place the guide took us to in the holy church was an altardedicated to the roman soldier who was of the military guard thatattended at the crucifixion to keep order, and who--when the vail of thetemple was rent in the awful darkness that followed; when the rock ofgolgotha was split asunder by an earthquake; when the artillery of heaventhundered, and in the baleful glare of the lightnings the shrouded deadflitted about the streets of jerusalem--shook with fear and said, "surelythis was the son of god!"
where this altar stands now, that romansoldier stood then, in full view of the crucified saviour--in full sightand hearing of all the marvels that were transpiring far and wide aboutthe circumference of the hill of calvary.
and in this self-same spot thepriests of the temple beheaded him for those blasphemous words he hadspoken.
in this altar they used to keep one of the most curious relics that humaneyes ever looked upon--a thing that had power to fascinate the beholderin some mysterious way and keep him gazing for hours together.
it wasnothing less than the copper plate pilate put upon the saviour's cross,and upon which he wrote, "this is the king of the jews."
i think st.helena, the mother of constantine, found this wonderful memento when shewas here in the third century.
she traveled all over palestine, and wasalways fortunate.
whenever the good old enthusiast found a thingmentioned in her bible, old or new, she would go and search for thatthing, and never stop until she found it.
if it was adam, she would findadam; if it was the ark, she would find the ark; if it was goliath, orjoshua, she would find them.
she found the inscription here that i wasspeaking of, i think.
she found it in this very spot, close to where themartyred roman soldier stood.
that copper plate is in one of thechurches in rome, now.
any one can see it there.
the inscription isvery distinct.
we passed along a few steps and saw the altar built over the very spotwhere the good catholic priests say the soldiers divided the raiment ofthe saviour.
then we went down into a cavern which cavilers say was once a cistern.
it is a chapel, now, however--the chapel of st. helena.
it is fifty-onefeet long by forty-three wide.
in it is a marble chair which helena usedto sit in while she superintended her workmen when they were digging anddelving for the true cross.
in this place is an altar dedicated to st.dimas, the penitent thief.
a new bronze statue is here--a statue of st.helena.
it reminded us of poor maximilian, so lately shot.
he presentedit to this chapel when he was about to leave for his throne in mexico.
from the cistern we descended twelve steps into a large roughly-shapedgrotto, carved wholly out of the living rock.
helena blasted it out whenshe was searching for the true cross.
she had a laborious piece of work,here, but it was richly rewarded.
out of this place she got the crown ofthorns, the nails of the cross, the true cross itself, and the cross ofthe penitent thief.
when she thought she had found every thing and wasabout to stop, she was told in a dream to continue a day longer.
it wasvery fortunate.
she did so, and found the cross of the other thief.
the walls and roof of this grotto still weep bitter tears in memory ofthe event that transpired on calvary, and devout pilgrims groan and sobwhen these sad tears fall upon them from the dripping rock.
the monkscall this apartment the "chapel of the invention of the cross"--a namewhich is unfortunate, because it leads the ignorant to imagine that atacit acknowledgment is thus made that the tradition that helena foundthe true cross here is a fiction--an invention.
it is a happiness toknow, however, that intelligent people do not doubt the story in any ofits particulars.
priests of any of the chapels and denominations in the church of the holysepulchre can visit this sacred grotto to weep and pray and worship thegentle redeemer.
two different congregations are not allowed to enter atthe same time, however, because they always fight.
still marching through the venerable church of the holy sepulchre, amongchanting priests in coarse long robes and sandals; pilgrims of all colorsand many nationalities, in all sorts of strange costumes; under duskyarches and by dingy piers and columns; through a sombre cathedral gloomfreighted with smoke and incense, and faintly starred with scores ofcandles that appeared suddenly and as suddenly disappeared, or driftedmysteriously hither and thither about the distant aisles like ghostlyjack-o'-lanterns--we came at last to a small chapel which is called the"chapel of the mocking."
under the altar was a fragment of a marblecolumn; this was the seat christ sat on when he was reviled, andmockingly made king, crowned with a crown of thorns and sceptred with areed.
it was here that they blindfolded him and struck him, and said inderision, "prophesy who it is that smote thee."
the tradition that thisis the identical spot of the mocking is a very ancient one.
the guidesaid that saewulf was the first to mention it.
i do not know saewulf,but still, i cannot well refuse to receive his evidence--none of us can.
they showed us where the great godfrey and his brother baldwin, the firstchristian kings of jerusalem, once lay buried by that sacred sepulchrethey had fought so long and so valiantly to wrest from the hands of theinfidel.
but the niches that had contained the ashes of these renownedcrusaders were empty.
even the coverings of their tombs were gone--destroyed by devout members of the greek church, because godfrey andbaldwin were latin princes, and had been reared in a christian faithwhose creed differed in some unimportant respects from theirs.
we passed on, and halted before the tomb of melchisedek!
you willremember melchisedek, no doubt; he was the king who came out and levied atribute on abraham the time that he pursued lot's captors to dan, andtook all their property from them.
that was about four thousand yearsago, and melchisedek died shortly afterward.
however, his tomb is in agood state of preservation.
when one enters the church of the holy sepulchre, the sepulchre itself isthe first thing he desires to see, and really is almost the first thinghe does see.
the next thing he has a strong yearning to see is the spotwhere the saviour was crucified.
but this they exhibit last.
it is thecrowning glory of the place.
one is grave and thoughtful when he standsin the little tomb of the saviour--he could not well be otherwise in sucha place--but he has not the slightest possible belief that ever the lordlay there, and so the interest he feels in the spot is very, very greatlymarred by that reflection.
he looks at the place where mary stood, inanother part of the church, and where john stood, and mary magdalen;where the mob derided the lord; where the angel sat; where the crown ofthorns was found, and the true cross; where the risen saviour appeared--he looks at all these places with interest, but with the same convictionhe felt in the case of the sepulchre, that there is nothing genuine aboutthem, and that they are imaginary holy places created by the monks.
butthe place of the crucifixion affects him differently.
he fully believesthat he is looking upon the very spot where the savior gave up hislife.
he remembers that christ was very celebrated, long before he cameto jerusalem; he knows that his fame was so great that crowds followedhim all the time; he is aware that his entry into the city produced astirring sensation, and that his reception was a kind of ovation; he cannot overlook the fact that when he was crucified there were very many injerusalem who believed that he was the true son of god.
to publiclyexecute such a personage was sufficient in itself to make the locality ofthe execution a memorable place for ages; added to this, the storm, thedarkness, the earthquake, the rending of the vail of the temple, and theuntimely waking of the dead, were events calculated to fix the executionand the scene of it in the memory of even the most thoughtless witness.
fathers would tell their sons about the strange affair, and point out thespot; the sons would transmit the story to their children, and thus aperiod of three hundred years would easily be spanned--[the thought ismr. prime's, not mine, and is full of good sense.
i borrowed it from his"tent life."--m.
t.]--at which time helena came and built a church uponcalvary to commemorate the death and burial of the lord and preserve thesacred place in the memories of men; since that time there has alwaysbeen a church there.
it is not possible that there can be any mistakeabout the locality of the crucifixion.
not half a dozen persons knewwhere they buried the saviour, perhaps, and a burial is not a startlingevent, any how; therefore, we can be pardoned for unbelief in thesepulchre, but not in the place of the crucifixion.
five hundred yearshence there will be no vestige of bunker hill monument left, but americawill still know where the battle was fought and where warren fell.
thecrucifixion of christ was too notable an event in jerusalem, and the hillof calvary made too celebrated by it, to be forgotten in the short spaceof three hundred years.
i climbed the stairway in the church whichbrings one to the top of the small inclosed pinnacle of rock, and lookedupon the place where the true cross once stood, with a far more absorbinginterest than i had ever felt in any thing earthly before.
i could notbelieve that the three holes in the top of the rock were the actual onesthe crosses stood in, but i felt satisfied that those crosses had stoodso near the place now occupied by them, that the few feet of possibledifference were a matter of no consequence.
when one stands where the saviour was crucified, he finds it all he cando to keep it strictly before his mind that christ was not crucified in acatholic church.
he must remind himself every now and then that thegreat event transpired in the open air, and not in a gloomy,candle-lighted cell in a little corner of a vast church, up-stairs--a small cell all bejeweled and bespangled with flashy ornamentation,in execrable taste.
under a marble altar like a table, is a circular hole in the marblefloor, corresponding with the one just under it in which the true crossstood.
the first thing every one does is to kneel down and take a candleand examine this hole.
he does this strange prospecting with an amountof gravity that can never be estimated or appreciated by a man who hasnot seen the operation.
then he holds his candle before a richlyengraved picture of the saviour, done on a messy slab of gold, andwonderfully rayed and starred with diamonds, which hangs above the holewithin the altar, and his solemnity changes to lively admiration.
herises and faces the finely wrought figures of the saviour and themalefactors uplifted upon their crosses behind the altar, and bright witha metallic lustre of many colors.
he turns next to the figures close tothem of the virgin and mary magdalen; next to the rift in the living rockmade by the earthquake at the time of the crucifixion, and an extensionof which he had seen before in the wall of one of the grottoes below; helooks next at the show-case with a figure of the virgin in it, and isamazed at the princely fortune in precious gems and jewelry that hangs sothickly about the form as to hide it like a garment almost.
all aboutthe apartment the gaudy trappings of the greek church offend the eye andkeep the mind on the rack to remember that this is the place of thecrucifixion--golgotha--the mount of calvary.
and the last thing he looksat is that which was also the first--the place where the true crossstood.
that will chain him to the spot and compel him to look once more,and once again, after he has satisfied all curiosity and lost allinterest concerning the other matters pertaining to the locality.
and so i close my chapter on the church of the holy sepulchre--the mostsacred locality on earth to millions and millions of men, and women, andchildren, the noble and the humble, bond and free.
in its history fromthe first, and in its tremendous associations, it is the most illustriousedifice in christendom.
with all its clap-trap side-shows and unseemlyimpostures of every kind, it is still grand, reverend, venerable--for agod died there; for fifteen hundred years its shrines have been wet withthe tears of pilgrims from the earth's remotest confines; for more thantwo hundred, the most gallant knights that ever wielded sword wastedtheir lives away in a struggle to seize it and hold it sacred frominfidel pollution.
even in our own day a war, that cost millions oftreasure and rivers of blood, was fought because two rival nationsclaimed the sole right to put a new dome upon it.
history is full ofthis old church of the holy sepulchre--full of blood that was shedbecause of the respect and the veneration in which men held the lastresting-place of the meek and lowly, the mild and gentle, prince ofpeace!
we were standing in a narrow street, by the tower of antonio.
"on thesestones that are crumbling away," the guide said, "the saviour sat andrested before taking up the cross.
this is the beginning of thesorrowful way, or the way of grief."
the party took note of the sacredspot, and moved on.
we passed under the "ecce homo arch," and saw thevery window from which pilate's wife warned her husband to have nothingto do with the persecution of the just man.
this window is in anexcellent state of preservation, considering its great age.
they showedus where jesus rested the second time, and where the mob refused to givehim up, and said, "let his blood be upon our heads, and upon ourchildren's children forever."
the french catholics are building a churchon this spot, and with their usual veneration for historical relics, areincorporating into the new such scraps of ancient walls as they havefound there.
further on, we saw the spot where the fainting saviour fellunder the weight of his cross.
a great granite column of some ancienttemple lay there at the time, and the heavy cross struck it such a blowthat it broke in two in the middle.
such was the guide's story when hehalted us before the broken column.
we crossed a street, and came presently to the former residence of st.veronica.
when the saviour passed there, she came out, full of womanlycompassion, and spoke pitying words to him, undaunted by the hootings andthe threatenings of the mob, and wiped the perspiration from his facewith her handkerchief.
we had heard so much of st. veronica, and seenher picture by so many masters, that it was like meeting an old friendunexpectedly to come upon her ancient home in jerusalem.
the strangestthing about the incident that has made her name so famous, is, that whenshe wiped the perspiration away, the print of the saviour's face remainedupon the handkerchief, a perfect portrait, and so remains unto this day.
we knew this, because we saw this handkerchief in a cathedral in paris,in another in spain, and in two others in italy.
in the milan cathedralit costs five francs to see it, and at st. peter's, at rome, it is almostimpossible to see it at any price.
no tradition is so amply verified asthis of st. veronica and her handkerchief.
at the next corner we saw a deep indention in the hard stone masonry ofthe corner of a house, but might have gone heedlessly by it but that theguide said it was made by the elbow of the saviour, who stumbled here andfell.
presently we came to just such another indention in a stone wall.
the guide said the saviour fell here, also, and made this depression withhis elbow.
there were other places where the lord fell, and others where he rested;but one of the most curious landmarks of ancient history we found on thismorning walk through the crooked lanes that lead toward calvary, was acertain stone built into a house--a stone that was so seamed and scarredthat it bore a sort of grotesque resemblance to the human face.
theprojections that answered for cheeks were worn smooth by the passionatekisses of generations of pilgrims from distant lands.
we asked "why?"
the guide said it was because this was one of "the very stones ofjerusalem" that christ mentioned when he was reproved for permitting thepeople to cry "hosannah!"
when he made his memorable entry into thecity upon an ass.
one of the pilgrims said, "but there is no evidencethat the stones did cry out--christ said that if the people stopped fromshouting hosannah, the very stones would do it."
the guide was perfectlyserene.
he said, calmly, "this is one of the stones that would havecried out."
it was of little use to try to shake this fellow's simplefaith--it was easy to see that.
and so we came at last to another wonder, of deep and abiding interest--the veritable house where the unhappy wretch once lived who has beencelebrated in song and story for more than eighteen hundred years as thewandering jew.
on the memorable day of the crucifixion he stood in thisold doorway with his arms akimbo, looking out upon the struggling mobthat was approaching, and when the weary saviour would have sat down andrested him a moment, pushed him rudely away and said, "move on!"
thelord said, "move on, thou, likewise," and the command has never beenrevoked from that day to this.
all men know how that the miscreant uponwhose head that just curse fell has roamed up and down the wide world,for ages and ages, seeking rest and never finding it--courting death butalways in vain--longing to stop, in city, in wilderness, in desertsolitudes, yet hearing always that relentless warning to march--march on!
they say--do these hoary traditions--that when titus sacked jerusalem andslaughtered eleven hundred thousand jews in her streets and by-ways, thewandering jew was seen always in the thickest of the fight, and that whenbattle-axes gleamed in the air, he bowed his head beneath them; whenswords flashed their deadly lightnings, he sprang in their way; he baredhis breast to whizzing javelins, to hissing arrows, to any and to everyweapon that promised death and forgetfulness, and rest.
but it wasuseless--he walked forth out of the carnage without a wound.
and it issaid that five hundred years afterward he followed mahomet when hecarried destruction to the cities of arabia, and then turned against him,hoping in this way to win the death of a traitor.
his calculations werewrong again.
no quarter was given to any living creature but one, andthat was the only one of all the host that did not want it.
he soughtdeath five hundred years later, in the wars of the crusades, and offeredhimself to famine and pestilence at ascalon.
he escaped again--he couldnot die.
these repeated annoyances could have at last but one effect--they shook his confidence.
since then the wandering jew has carried on akind of desultory toying with the most promising of the aids andimplements of destruction, but with small hope, as a general thing.
hehas speculated some in cholera and railroads, and has taken almost alively interest in infernal machines and patent medicines.
he is old,now, and grave, as becomes an age like his; he indulges in no lightamusements save that he goes sometimes to executions, and is fond offunerals.
there is one thing he can not avoid; go where he will about the world, hemust never fail to report in jerusalem every fiftieth year.
only a yearor two ago he was here for the thirty-seventh time since jesus wascrucified on calvary.
they say that many old people, who are here now,saw him then, and had seen him before.
he looks always the same--old,and withered, and hollow-eyed, and listless, save that there is about himsomething which seems to suggest that he is looking for some one,expecting some one--the friends of his youth, perhaps.
but the most ofthem are dead, now.
he always pokes about the old streets lookinglonesome, making his mark on a wall here and there, and eyeing the oldestbuildings with a sort of friendly half interest; and he sheds a few tearsat the threshold of his ancient dwelling, and bitter, bitter tears theyare.
then he collects his rent and leaves again.
he has been seenstanding near the church of the holy sepulchre on many a starlight night,for he has cherished an idea for many centuries that if he could onlyenter there, he could rest.
but when he approaches, the doors slam towith a crash, the earth trembles, and all the lights in jerusalem burn aghastly blue!
he does this every fifty years, just the same.
it ishopeless, but then it is hard to break habits one has been eighteenhundred years accustomed to.
the old tourist is far away on hiswanderings, now.
how he must smile to see a pack of blockheads like us,galloping about the world, and looking wise, and imagining we are findingout a good deal about it!
he must have a consuming contempt for theignorant, complacent asses that go skurrying about the world in theserailroading days and call it traveling.
when the guide pointed out where the wandering jew had left his familiarmark upon a wall, i was filled with astonishment.
it read:                         "s.
all i have revealed about the wandering jew can be amply proven byreference to our guide.
the mighty mosque of omar, and the paved court around it, occupy a fourthpart of jerusalem.
they are upon mount moriah, where king solomon'stemple stood.
this mosque is the holiest place the mohammedan knows,outside of mecca.
up to within a year or two past, no christian couldgain admission to it or its court for love or money.
but the prohibitionhas been removed, and we entered freely for bucksheesh.
i need not speak of the wonderful beauty and the exquisite grace andsymmetry that have made this mosque so celebrated--because i did not seethem.
one can not see such things at an instant glance--one frequentlyonly finds out how really beautiful a really beautiful woman is afterconsiderable acquaintance with her; and the rule applies to niagarafalls, to majestic mountains and to mosques--especially to mosques.
the great feature of the mosque of omar is the prodigious rock in thecentre of its rotunda.
it was upon this rock that abraham came so nearoffering up his son isaac--this, at least, is authentic--it is very muchmore to be relied on than most of the traditions, at any rate.
on thisrock, also, the angel stood and threatened jerusalem, and david persuadedhim to spare the city.
mahomet was well acquainted with this stone.
from it he ascended to heaven.
the stone tried to follow him, and if theangel gabriel had not happened by the merest good luck to be there toseize it, it would have done it.
very few people have a grip likegabriel--the prints of his monstrous fingers, two inches deep, are to beseen in that rock to-day.
this rock, large as it is, is suspended in the air.
it does not touchany thing at all.
the guide said so.
this is very wonderful.
in theplace on it where mahomet stood, he left his foot-prints in the solidstone.
i should judge that he wore about eighteens.
but what i wasgoing to say, when i spoke of the rock being suspended, was, that in thefloor of the cavern under it they showed us a slab which they saidcovered a hole which was a thing of extraordinary interest to allmohammedans, because that hole leads down to perdition, and every soulthat is transferred from thence to heaven must pass up through thisorifice.
mahomet stands there and lifts them out by the hair.
allmohammedans shave their heads, but they are careful to leave a lock ofhair for the prophet to take hold of.
our guide observed that a goodmohammedan would consider himself doomed to stay with the damned foreverif he were to lose his scalp-lock and die before it grew again.
the mostof them that i have seen ought to stay with the damned, any how, withoutreference to how they were barbered.
for several ages no woman has been allowed to enter the cavern where thatimportant hole is.
the reason is that one of the sex was once caughtthere blabbing every thing she knew about what was going on above ground,to the rapscallions in the infernal regions down below.
she carried hergossiping to such an extreme that nothing could be kept private--nothingcould be done or said on earth but every body in perdition knew all aboutit before the sun went down.
it was about time to suppress this woman'stelegraph, and it was promptly done.
her breath subsided about the sametime.
the inside of the great mosque is very showy with variegated marble wallsand with windows and inscriptions of elaborate mosaic.
the turks havetheir sacred relics, like the catholics.
the guide showed us theveritable armor worn by the great son-in-law and successor of mahomet,and also the buckler of mahomet's uncle.
the great iron railing whichsurrounds the rock was ornamented in one place with a thousand rags tiedto its open work.
these are to remind mahomet not to forget theworshipers who placed them there.
it is considered the next best thingto tying threads around his finger by way of reminders.
just outside the mosque is a miniature temple, which marks the spot wheredavid and goliah used to sit and judge the people.--[a pilgrim informsme that it was not david and goliah, but david and saul.
i stick to myown statement--the guide told me, and he ought to know.]
every where about the mosque of omar are portions of pillars, curiouslywrought altars, and fragments of elegantly carved marble--preciousremains of solomon's temple.
these have been dug from all depths in thesoil and rubbish of mount moriah, and the moslems have always shown adisposition to preserve them with the utmost care.
at that portion ofthe ancient wall of solomon's temple which is called the jew's place ofwailing, and where the hebrews assemble every friday to kiss thevenerated stones and weep over the fallen greatness of zion, any one cansee a part of the unquestioned and undisputed temple of solomon, the sameconsisting of three or four stones lying one upon the other, each ofwhich is about twice as long as a seven-octave piano, and about as thickas such a piano is high.
but, as i have remarked before, it is only ayear or two ago that the ancient edict prohibiting christian rubbish likeourselves to enter the mosque of omar and see the costly marbles thatonce adorned the inner temple was annulled.
the designs wrought uponthese fragments are all quaint and peculiar, and so the charm of noveltyis added to the deep interest they naturally inspire.
one meets withthese venerable scraps at every turn, especially in the neighboringmosque el aksa, into whose inner walls a very large number of them arecarefully built for preservation.
these pieces of stone, stained anddusty with age, dimly hint at a grandeur we have all been taught toregard as the princeliest ever seen on earth; and they call up picturesof a pageant that is familiar to all imaginations--camels laden withspices and treasure--beautiful slaves, presents for solomon's harem--along cavalcade of richly caparisoned beasts and warriors--and sheba'squeen in the van of this vision of "oriental magnificence."
theseelegant fragments bear a richer interest than the solemn vastness of thestones the jews kiss in the place of wailing can ever have for theheedless sinner.
down in the hollow ground, underneath the olives and the orange-treesthat flourish in the court of the great mosque, is a wilderness ofpillars--remains of the ancient temple; they supported it.
there areponderous archways down there, also, over which the destroying "plough"of prophecy passed harmless.
it is pleasant to know we are disappointed,in that we never dreamed we might see portions of the actual temple ofsolomon, and yet experience no shadow of suspicion that they were amonkish humbug and a fraud.
we are surfeited with sights.
nothing has any fascination for us, now,but the church of the holy sepulchre.
we have been there every day, andhave not grown tired of it; but we are weary of every thing else.
thesights are too many.
they swarm about you at every step; no single footof ground in all jerusalem or within its neighborhood seems to be withouta stirring and important history of its own.
it is a very relief tosteal a walk of a hundred yards without a guide along to talk unceasinglyabout every stone you step upon and drag you back ages and ages to theday when it achieved celebrity.
it seems hardly real when i find myself leaning for a moment on a ruinedwall and looking listlessly down into the historic pool of bethesda.
idid not think such things could be so crowded together as to diminishtheir interest.
but in serious truth, we have been drifting about, forseveral days, using our eyes and our ears more from a sense of duty thanany higher and worthier reason.
and too often we have been glad when itwas time to go home and be distressed no more about illustriouslocalities.
our pilgrims compress too much into one day.
one can gorge sights torepletion as well as sweetmeats.
since we breakfasted, this morning, wehave seen enough to have furnished us food for a year's reflection if wecould have seen the various objects in comfort and looked upon themdeliberately.
we visited the pool of hezekiah, where david saw uriah'swife coming from the bath and fell in love with her.
we went out of the city by the jaffa gate, and of course were told manythings about its tower of hippicus.
we rode across the valley of hinnom, between two of the pools of gihon,and by an aqueduct built by solomon, which still conveys water to thecity.
we ascended the hill of evil counsel, where judas received histhirty pieces of silver, and we also lingered a moment under the tree avenerable tradition says he hanged himself on.
we descended to the canon again, and then the guide began to give nameand history to every bank and boulder we came to: "this was the field ofblood; these cuttings in the rocks were shrines and temples of moloch;here they sacrificed children; yonder is the zion gate; the tyropeanvalley, the hill of ophel; here is the junction of the valley ofjehoshaphat--on your right is the well of job."
we turned upjehoshaphat.
the recital went on.
"this is the mount of olives; this isthe hill of offense; the nest of huts is the village of siloam; here,yonder, every where, is the king's garden; under this great treezacharias, the high priest, was murdered; yonder is mount moriah and thetemple wall; the tomb of absalom; the tomb of st. james; the tomb ofzacharias; beyond, are the garden of gethsemane and the tomb of thevirgin mary; here is the pool of siloam, and----"we said we would dismount, and quench our thirst, and rest.
we wereburning up with the heat.
we were failing under the accumulated fatigueof days and days of ceaseless marching.
all were willing.
the pool is a deep, walled ditch, through which a clear stream of waterruns, that comes from under jerusalem somewhere, and passing through thefountain of the virgin, or being supplied from it, reaches this place byway of a tunnel of heavy masonry.
the famous pool looked exactly as itlooked in solomon's time, no doubt, and the same dusky, oriental women,came down in their old oriental way, and carried off jars of the water ontheir heads, just as they did three thousand years ago, and just as theywill do fifty thousand years hence if any of them are still left onearth.
we went away from there and stopped at the fountain of the virgin.
butthe water was not good, and there was no comfort or peace any where, onaccount of the regiment of boys and girls and beggars that persecuted usall the time for bucksheesh.
the guide wanted us to give them somemoney, and we did it; but when he went on to say that they were starvingto death we could not but feel that we had done a great sin in throwingobstacles in the way of such a desirable consummation, and so we tried tocollect it back, but it could not be done.
we entered the garden of gethsemane, and we visited the tomb of thevirgin, both of which we had seen before.
it is not meet that i shouldspeak of them now.
a more fitting time will come.
i can not speak now of the mount of olives or its view of jerusalem, thedead sea and the mountains of moab; nor of the damascus gate or the treethat was planted by king godfrey of jerusalem.
one ought to feelpleasantly when he talks of these things.
i can not say any thing aboutthe stone column that projects over jehoshaphat from the temple wall likea cannon, except that the moslems believe mahomet will sit astride of itwhen he comes to judge the world.
it is a pity he could not judge itfrom some roost of his own in mecca, without trespassing on our holyground.
close by is the golden gate, in the temple wall--a gate that wasan elegant piece of sculpture in the time of the temple, and is even soyet.
from it, in ancient times, the jewish high priest turned loose thescapegoat and let him flee to the wilderness and bear away histwelve-month load of the sins of the people.
if they were to turn oneloose now, he would not get as far as the garden of gethsemane, tillthese miserable vagabonds here would gobble him up,--[favorite pilgrimexpression.]
--sins and all.
they wouldn't care.
mutton-chops and sinis good enough living for them.
the moslems watch the golden gate witha jealous eye, and an anxious one, for they have an honored traditionthat when it falls, islamism will fall and with it the ottoman empire.
it did not grieve me any to notice that the old gate was getting alittle shaky.
we are at home again.
we are exhausted.
the sun has roasted us, almost.
we have full comfort in one reflection, however.
our experiences ineurope have taught us that in time this fatigue will be forgotten; theheat will be forgotten; the thirst, the tiresome volubility of the guide,the persecutions of the beggars--and then, all that will be left will bepleasant memories of jerusalem, memories we shall call up with alwaysincreasing interest as the years go by, memories which some day willbecome all beautiful when the last annoyance that incumbers them shallhave faded out of our minds never again to return.
school-boy days areno happier than the days of after life, but we look back upon themregretfully because we have forgotten our punishments at school, and howwe grieved when our marbles were lost and our kites destroyed--because wehave forgotten all the sorrows and privations of that canonized epoch andremember only its orchard robberies, its wooden sword pageants and itsfishing holydays.
we are satisfied.
we can wait.
our reward will come.
to us, jerusalem and to-day's experiences will be an enchanted memory ayear hence--memory which money could not buy from us.
we cast up the account.
it footed up pretty fairly.
there was nothingmore at jerusalem to be seen, except the traditional houses of dives andlazarus of the parable, the tombs of the kings, and those of the judges;the spot where they stoned one of the disciples to death, and beheadedanother; the room and the table made celebrated by the last supper; thefig-tree that jesus withered; a number of historical places aboutgethsemane and the mount of olives, and fifteen or twenty others indifferent portions of the city itself.
we were approaching the end.
human nature asserted itself, now.
overwork and consequent exhaustion began to have their natural effect.
they began to master the energies and dull the ardor of the party.
perfectly secure now, against failing to accomplish any detail of thepilgrimage, they felt like drawing in advance upon the holiday soon to beplaced to their credit.
they grew a little lazy.
they were late tobreakfast and sat long at dinner.
thirty or forty pilgrims had arrivedfrom the ship, by the short routes, and much swapping of gossip had to beindulged in.
and in hot afternoons, they showed a strong disposition tolie on the cool divans in the hotel and smoke and talk about pleasantexperiences of a month or so gone by--for even thus early do episodes oftravel which were sometimes annoying, sometimes exasperating and full asoften of no consequence at all when they transpired, begin to rise abovethe dead level of monotonous reminiscences and become shapely landmarksin one's memory.
the fog-whistle, smothered among a million of triflingsounds, is not noticed a block away, in the city, but the sailor hears itfar at sea, whither none of those thousands of trifling sounds can reach.
when one is in rome, all the domes are alike; but when he has gone awaytwelve miles, the city fades utterly from sight and leaves st. peter'sswelling above the level plain like an anchored balloon.
when one istraveling in europe, the daily incidents seem all alike; but when he hasplaced them all two months and two thousand miles behind him, those thatwere worthy of being remembered are prominent, and those that were reallyinsignificant have vanished.
this disposition to smoke, and idle andtalk, was not well.
it was plain that it must not be allowed to gainground.
a diversion must be tried, or demoralization would ensue.
thejordan, jericho and the dead sea were suggested.
the remainder ofjerusalem must be left unvisited, for a little while.
the journey wasapproved at once.
new life stirred in every pulse.
in the saddle--abroad on the plains--sleeping in beds bounded only by the horizon: fancywas at work with these things in a moment.--it was painful to note howreadily these town-bred men had taken to the free life of the camp andthe desert the nomadic instinct is a human instinct; it was born withadam and transmitted through the patriarchs, and after thirty centuriesof steady effort, civilization has not educated it entirely out of usyet.
it has a charm which, once tasted, a man will yearn to taste again.
the nomadic instinct can not be educated out of an indian at all.
the jordan journey being approved, our dragoman was notified.
at nine in the morning the caravan was before the hotel door and we wereat breakfast.
there was a commotion about the place.
rumors of war andbloodshed were flying every where.
the lawless bedouins in the valley ofthe jordan and the deserts down by the dead sea were up in arms, and weregoing to destroy all comers.
they had had a battle with a troop ofturkish cavalry and defeated them; several men killed.
they had shut upthe inhabitants of a village and a turkish garrison in an old fort nearjericho, and were besieging them.
they had marched upon a camp of ourexcursionists by the jordan, and the pilgrims only saved their lives bystealing away and flying to jerusalem under whip and spur in the darknessof the night.
another of our parties had been fired on from an ambushand then attacked in the open day.
shots were fired on both sides.
fortunately there was no bloodshed.
we spoke with the very pilgrim whohad fired one of the shots, and learned from his own lips how, in thisimminent deadly peril, only the cool courage of the pilgrims, theirstrength of numbers and imposing display of war material, had saved themfrom utter destruction.
it was reported that the consul had requestedthat no more of our pilgrims should go to the jordan while this state ofthings lasted; and further, that he was unwilling that any more shouldgo, at least without an unusually strong military guard.
but with the horses at the door and every body aware of whatthey were there for, what would you have done?
acknowledged that youwere afraid, and backed shamefully out?
it would not be humannature, where there were so many women.
you would have done as we did:said you were not afraid of a million bedouins--and made your will andproposed quietly to yourself to take up an unostentatious position in therear of the procession.
i think we must all have determined upon the same line of tactics, for itdid seem as if we never would get to jericho.
i had a notoriously slowhorse, but somehow i could not keep him in the rear, to save my neck.
he was forever turning up in the lead.
in such cases i trembled alittle, and got down to fix my saddle.
but it was not of any use.
theothers all got down to fix their saddles, too.
i never saw such a timewith saddles.
it was the first time any of them had got out of order inthree weeks, and now they had all broken down at once.
i tried walking,for exercise--i had not had enough in jerusalem searching for holyplaces.
but it was a failure.
the whole mob were suffering forexercise, and it was not fifteen minutes till they were all on foot and ihad the lead again.
it was very discouraging.
this was all after we got beyond bethany.
we stopped at the village ofbethany, an hour out from jerusalem.
they showed us the tomb of lazarus.
i had rather live in it than in any house in the town.
and they showedus also a large "fountain of lazarus," and in the centre of the villagethe ancient dwelling of lazarus.
lazarus appears to have been a man ofproperty.
the legends of the sunday schools do him great injustice; theygive one the impression that he was poor.
it is because they get himconfused with that lazarus who had no merit but his virtue, and virtuenever has been as respectable as money.
the house of lazarus is athree-story edifice, of stone masonry, but the accumulated rubbish ofages has buried all of it but the upper story.
we took candles anddescended to the dismal cell-like chambers where jesus sat at meat withmartha and mary, and conversed with them about their brother.
we couldnot but look upon these old dingy apartments with a more than commoninterest.
we had had a glimpse, from a mountain top, of the dead sea, lying like ablue shield in the plain of the jordan, and now we were marching down aclose, flaming, rugged, desolate defile, where no living creature couldenjoy life, except, perhaps, a salamander.
it was such a dreary,repulsive, horrible solitude!
it was the "wilderness" where johnpreached, with camel's hair about his loins--raiment enough--but he nevercould have got his locusts and wild honey here.
we were moping alongdown through this dreadful place, every man in the rear.
our guards--twogorgeous young arab sheiks, with cargoes of swords, guns, pistols anddaggers on board--were loafing ahead.
every man shrunk up and disappeared in his clothes like a mud-turtle.
my first impulse was to dash forward and destroy the bedouins.
my secondwas to dash to the rear to see if there were any coming in thatdirection.
i acted on the latter impulse.
so did all the others.
ifany bedouins had approached us, then, from that point of the compass,they would have paid dearly for their rashness.
we all remarked that,afterwards.
there would have been scenes of riot and bloodshed therethat no pen could describe.
i know that, because each man told what hewould have done, individually; and such a medley of strange andunheard-of inventions of cruelty you could not conceive of.
one mansaid he had calmly made up his mind to perish where he stood, if needbe, but never yield an inch; he was going to wait, with deadly patience,till he could count the stripes upon the first bedouin's jacket, andthen count them and let him have it.
another was going to sit stilltill the first lance reached within an inch of his breast, and thendodge it and seize it.
i forbear to tell what he was going to do tothat bedouin that owned it.
it makes my blood run cold to think of it.
another was going to scalp such bedouins as fell to his share, and takehis bald-headed sons of the desert home with him alive for trophies.
but the wild-eyed pilgrim rhapsodist was silent.
his orbs gleamed witha deadly light, but his lips moved not.
anxiety grew, and he wasquestioned.
if he had got a bedouin, what would he have done with him--shot him?
he smiled a smile of grim contempt and shook his head.
would he have stabbed him?
would he have quartered him--flayed him?
horror what would he have done?
such was the awful sentence that thundered from his lips.
what wasgrammar to a desperado like that?
i was glad in my heart that i had beenspared these scenes of malignant carnage.
no bedouins attacked ourterrible rear.
and none attacked the front.
the new-comers were only areinforcement of cadaverous arabs, in shirts and bare legs, sent farahead of us to brandish rusty guns, and shout and brag, and carry on likelunatics, and thus scare away all bands of marauding bedouins that mightlurk about our path.
what a shame it is that armed white christians musttravel under guard of vermin like this as a protection against theprowling vagabonds of the desert--those sanguinary outlaws who are alwaysgoing to do something desperate, but never do it.
i may as well mentionhere that on our whole trip we saw no bedouins, and had no more use foran arab guard than we could have had for patent leather boots and whitekid gloves.
the bedouins that attacked the other parties of pilgrims sofiercely were provided for the occasion by the arab guards of thoseparties, and shipped from jerusalem for temporary service as bedouins.
they met together in full view of the pilgrims, after the battle, andtook lunch, divided the bucksheesh extorted in the season of danger, andthen accompanied the cavalcade home to the city!
the nuisance of an arabguard is one which is created by the sheiks and the bedouins together,for mutual profit, it is said, and no doubt there is a good deal of truthin it.
we visited the fountain the prophet elisha sweetened (it is sweet yet,)where he remained some time and was fed by the ravens.
ancient jericho is not very picturesque as a ruin.
when joshua marchedaround it seven times, some three thousand years ago, and blew it downwith his trumpet, he did the work so well and so completely that hehardly left enough of the city to cast a shadow.
the curse pronouncedagainst the rebuilding of it, has never been removed.
one king, holdingthe curse in light estimation, made the attempt, but was stricken sorelyfor his presumption.
its site will always remain unoccupied; and yet itis one of the very best locations for a town we have seen in allpalestine.
at two in the morning they routed us out of bed--another piece ofunwarranted cruelty--another stupid effort of our dragoman to get aheadof a rival.
it was not two hours to the jordan.
however, we weredressed and under way before any one thought of looking to see what timeit was, and so we drowsed on through the chill night air and dreamed ofcamp fires, warm beds, and other comfortable things.
there was no conversation.
people do not talk when they are cold, andwretched, and sleepy.
we nodded in the saddle, at times, and woke upwith a start to find that the procession had disappeared in the gloom.
then there was energy and attention to business until its dusky outlinescame in sight again.
occasionally the order was passed in a low voicedown the line: "close up--close up!
bedouins lurk here, every where!"
what an exquisite shudder it sent shivering along one's spine!
we reached the famous river before four o'clock, and the night was soblack that we could have ridden into it without seeing it.
some of uswere in an unhappy frame of mind.
we waited and waited for daylight, butit did not come.
finally we went away in the dark and slept an hour onthe ground, in the bushes, and caught cold.
it was a costly nap, on thataccount, but otherwise it was a paying investment because it broughtunconsciousness of the dreary minutes and put us in a somewhat fittermood for a first glimpse of the sacred river.
with the first suspicion of dawn, every pilgrim took off his clothes andwaded into the dark torrent, singing:               "on jordan's stormy banks i stand,               and cast a wistful eye               to canaan's fair and happy land,               where my possessions lie."
but they did not sing long.
the water was so fearfully cold that theywere obliged to stop singing and scamper out again.
then they stood onthe bank shivering, and so chagrined and so grieved, that they meritedholiest compassion.
because another dream, another cherished hope, hadfailed.
they had promised themselves all along that they would cross thejordan where the israelites crossed it when they entered canaan fromtheir long pilgrimage in the desert.
they would cross where the twelvestones were placed in memory of that great event.
while they did it theywould picture to themselves that vast army of pilgrims marching throughthe cloven waters, bearing the hallowed ark of the covenant and shoutinghosannahs, and singing songs of thanksgiving and praise.
each hadpromised himself that he would be the first to cross.
they were at thegoal of their hopes at last, but the current was too swift, the water wastoo cold!
it was then that jack did them a service.
with that engagingrecklessness of consequences which is natural to youth, and so proper andso seemly, as well, he went and led the way across the jordan, and allwas happiness again.
every individual waded over, then, and stood uponthe further bank.
the water was not quite breast deep, any where.
if ithad been more, we could hardly have accomplished the feat, for the strongcurrent would have swept us down the stream, and we would have beenexhausted and drowned before reaching a place where we could make alanding.
the main object compassed, the drooping, miserable party satdown to wait for the sun again, for all wanted to see the water as wellas feel it.
but it was too cold a pastime.
some cans were filled fromthe holy river, some canes cut from its banks, and then we mounted androde reluctantly away to keep from freezing to death.
so we saw thejordan very dimly.
the thickets of bushes that bordered its banks threwtheir shadows across its shallow, turbulent waters ("stormy," the hymnmakes them, which is rather a complimentary stretch of fancy,) and wecould not judge of the width of the stream by the eye.
we knew by ourwading experience, however, that many streets in america are double aswide as the jordan.
daylight came, soon after we got under way, and in the course of an houror two we reached the dead sea.
nothing grows in the flat, burningdesert around it but weeds and the dead sea apple the poets say isbeautiful to the eye, but crumbles to ashes and dust when you break it.
such as we found were not handsome, but they were bitter to the taste.
they yielded no dust.
it was because they were not ripe, perhaps.
the desert and the barren hills gleam painfully in the sun, around thedead sea, and there is no pleasant thing or living creature upon it orabout its borders to cheer the eye.
it is a scorching, arid, repulsivesolitude.
a silence broods over the scene that is depressing to thespirits.
it makes one think of funerals and death.
the dead sea is small.
its waters are very clear, and it has a pebblybottom and is shallow for some distance out from the shores.
it yieldsquantities of asphaltum; fragments of it lie all about its banks; thisstuff gives the place something of an unpleasant smell.
all our reading had taught us to expect that the first plunge into thedead sea would be attended with distressing results--our bodies wouldfeel as if they were suddenly pierced by millions of red-hot needles; thedreadful smarting would continue for hours; we might even look to beblistered from head to foot, and suffer miserably for many days.
our eight sprang in at the same time that another party ofpilgrims did, and nobody screamed once.
none of them ever did complainof any thing more than a slight pricking sensation in places where theirskin was abraded, and then only for a short time.
my face smarted for acouple of hours, but it was partly because i got it badly sun-burnedwhile i was bathing, and staid in so long that it became plastered overwith salt.
no, the water did not blister us; it did not cover us with a slimy oozeand confer upon us an atrocious fragrance; it was not very slimy; and icould not discover that we smelt really any worse than we have alwayssmelt since we have been in palestine.
it was only a different kind ofsmell, but not conspicuous on that account, because we have a great dealof variety in that respect.
we didn't smell, there on the jordan, thesame as we do in jerusalem; and we don't smell in jerusalem just as wedid in nazareth, or tiberias, or cesarea philippi, or any of those otherruinous ancient towns in galilee.
no, we change all the time, andgenerally for the worse.
we do our own washing.
it was a funny bath.
we could not sink.
one could stretch himself atfull length on his back, with his arms on his breast, and all of his bodyabove a line drawn from the corner of his jaw past the middle of hisside, the middle of his leg and through his ancle bone, would remain outof water.
he could lift his head clear out, if he chose.
no positioncan be retained long; you lose your balance and whirl over, first on yourback and then on your face, and so on.
you can lie comfortably, on yourback, with your head out, and your legs out from your knees down, bysteadying yourself with your hands.
you can sit, with your knees drawnup to your chin and your arms clasped around them, but you are bound toturn over presently, because you are top-heavy in that position.
you canstand up straight in water that is over your head, and from the middle ofyour breast upward you will not be wet.
but you can not remain so.
thewater will soon float your feet to the surface.
you can not swim on yourback and make any progress of any consequence, because your feet stickaway above the surface, and there is nothing to propel yourself with butyour heels.
if you swim on your face, you kick up the water like astern-wheel boat.
you make no headway.
a horse is so top-heavy that hecan neither swim nor stand up in the dead sea.
he turns over on his sideat once.
some of us bathed for more than an hour, and then came outcoated with salt till we shone like icicles.
we scrubbed it off with acoarse towel and rode off with a splendid brand-new smell, though it wasone which was not any more disagreeable than those we have been forseveral weeks enjoying.
it was the variegated villainy and novelty of itthat charmed us.
salt crystals glitter in the sun about the shores ofthe lake.
in places they coat the ground like a brilliant crust of ice.
when i was a boy i somehow got the impression that the river jordan wasfour thousand miles long and thirty-five miles wide.
it is only ninetymiles long, and so crooked that a man does not know which side of it heis on half the time.
in going ninety miles it does not get over morethan fifty miles of ground.
it is not any wider than broadway in newyork.
there is the sea of galilee and this dead sea--neither of them twentymiles long or thirteen wide.
and yet when i was in sunday school ithought they were sixty thousand miles in diameter.
travel and experience mar the grandest pictures and rob us of the mostcherished traditions of our boyhood.
well, let them go.
i have alreadyseen the empire of king solomon diminish to the size of the state ofpennsylvania; i suppose i can bear the reduction of the seas and theriver.
we looked every where, as we passed along, but never saw grain or crystalof lot's wife.
it was a great disappointment.
for many and many a yearwe had known her sad story, and taken that interest in her whichmisfortune always inspires.
but she was gone.
her picturesque form nolonger looms above the desert of the dead sea to remind the tourist ofthe doom that fell upon the lost cities.
i can not describe the hideous afternoon's ride from the dead sea to marssaba.
it oppresses me yet, to think of it.
the sun so pelted us thatthe tears ran down our cheeks once or twice.
the ghastly, treeless,grassless, breathless canons smothered us as if we had been in an oven.
the sun had positive weight to it, i think.
not a man could sit erectunder it.
all drooped low in the saddles.
john preached in this"wilderness!"
it must have been exhausting work.
what a very heaven themessy towers and ramparts of vast mars saba looked to us when we caught afirst glimpse of them!
we staid at this great convent all night, guests of the hospitablepriests.
mars saba, perched upon a crag, a human nest stock high upagainst a perpendicular mountain wall, is a world of grand masonry thatrises, terrace upon terrace away above your head, like the terraced andretreating colonnades one sees in fanciful pictures of belshazzar's feastand the palaces of the ancient pharaohs.
no other human dwelling isnear.
it was founded many ages ago by a holy recluse who lived at firstin a cave in the rock--a cave which is inclosed in the convent walls,now, and was reverently shown to us by the priests.
this recluse, by hisrigorous torturing of his flesh, his diet of bread and water, his utterwithdrawal from all society and from the vanities of the world, and hisconstant prayer and saintly contemplation of a skull, inspired anemulation that brought about him many disciples.
the precipice on theopposite side of the canyon is well perforated with the small holes theydug in the rock to live in.
the present occupants of mars saba, aboutseventy in number, are all hermits.
they wear a coarse robe, an ugly,brimless stove-pipe of a hat, and go without shoes.
they eat nothingwhatever but bread and salt; they drink nothing but water.
as long asthey live they can never go outside the walls, or look upon a woman--forno woman is permitted to enter mars saba, upon any pretext whatsoever.
some of those men have been shut up there for thirty years.
in all thatdreary time they have not heard the laughter of a child or the blessedvoice of a woman; they have seen no human tears, no human smiles; theyhave known no human joys, no wholesome human sorrows.
in their heartsare no memories of the past, in their brains no dreams of the future.
all that is lovable, beautiful, worthy, they have put far away from them;against all things that are pleasant to look upon, and all sounds thatare music to the ear, they have barred their massive doors and rearedtheir relentless walls of stone forever.
they have banished the tendergrace of life and left only the sapped and skinny mockery.
their lipsare lips that never kiss and never sing; their hearts are hearts thatnever hate and never love; their breasts are breasts that never swellwith the sentiment, "i have a country and a flag."
they are dead men whowalk.
i set down these first thoughts because they are natural--not becausethey are just or because it is right to set them down.
it is easy forbook-makers to say "i thought so and so as i looked upon such and such ascene"--when the truth is, they thought all those fine things afterwards.
one's first thought is not likely to be strictly accurate, yet it is nocrime to think it and none to write it down, subject to modification bylater experience.
these hermits are dead men, in several respects, butnot in all; and it is not proper, that, thinking ill of them at first, ishould go on doing so, or, speaking ill of them i should reiterate thewords and stick to them.
no, they treated us too kindly for that.
thereis something human about them somewhere.
they knew we were foreignersand protestants, and not likely to feel admiration or much friendlinesstoward them.
but their large charity was above considering such things.
they simply saw in us men who were hungry, and thirsty, and tired, andthat was sufficient.
they opened their doors and gave us welcome.
theyasked no questions, and they made no self-righteous display of theirhospitality.
they fished for no compliments.
they moved quietly about,setting the table for us, making the beds, and bringing water to wash in,and paid no heed when we said it was wrong for them to do that when wehad men whose business it was to perform such offices.
we fared mostcomfortably, and sat late at dinner.
we walked all over the buildingwith the hermits afterward, and then sat on the lofty battlements andsmoked while we enjoyed the cool air, the wild scenery and the sunset.
one or two chose cosy bed-rooms to sleep in, but the nomadic instinctprompted the rest to sleep on the broad divan that extended around thegreat hall, because it seemed like sleeping out of doors, and so was morecheery and inviting.
it was a royal rest we had.
when we got up to breakfast in the morning, we were new men.
for allthis hospitality no strict charge was made.
we could give something ifwe chose; we need give nothing, if we were poor or if we were stingy.
the pauper and the miser are as free as any in the catholic convents ofpalestine.
i have been educated to enmity toward every thing that iscatholic, and sometimes, in consequence of this, i find it much easier todiscover catholic faults than catholic merits.
but there is one thing ifeel no disposition to overlook, and no disposition to forget: and thatis, the honest gratitude i and all pilgrims owe, to the convent fathersin palestine.
their doors are always open, and there is always a welcomefor any worthy man who comes, whether he comes in rags or clad in purple.
the catholic convents are a priceless blessing to the poor.
a pilgrimwithout money, whether he be a protestant or a catholic, can travel thelength and breadth of palestine, and in the midst of her desert wastesfind wholesome food and a clean bed every night, in these buildings.
pilgrims in better circumstances are often stricken down by the sun andthe fevers of the country, and then their saving refuge is the convent.
without these hospitable retreats, travel in palestine would be apleasure which none but the strongest men could dare to undertake.
ourparty, pilgrims and all, will always be ready and always willing, totouch glasses and drink health, prosperity and long life to the conventfathers of palestine.
so, rested and refreshed, we fell into line and filed away over thebarren mountains of judea, and along rocky ridges and through sterilegorges, where eternal silence and solitude reigned.
even the scatteringgroups of armed shepherds we met the afternoon before, tending theirflocks of long-haired goats, were wanting here.
we saw but two livingcreatures.
they were gazelles, of "soft-eyed" notoriety.
they lookedlike very young kids, but they annihilated distance like an expresstrain.
i have not seen animals that moved faster, unless i might say itof the antelopes of our own great plains.
at nine or ten in the morning we reached the plain of the shepherds, andstood in a walled garden of olives where the shepherds were watchingtheir flocks by night, eighteen centuries ago, when the multitude ofangels brought them the tidings that the saviour was born.
a quarter ofa mile away was bethlehem of judea, and the pilgrims took some of thestone wall and hurried on.
the plain of the shepherds is a desert, paved with loose stones, void ofvegetation, glaring in the fierce sun.
only the music of the angels itknew once could charm its shrubs and flowers to life again and restoreits vanished beauty.
no less potent enchantment could avail to work thismiracle.
in the huge church of the nativity, in bethlehem, built fifteen hundredyears ago by the inveterate st. helena, they took us below ground, andinto a grotto cut in the living rock.
this was the "manger" where christwas born.
a silver star set in the floor bears a latin inscription tothat effect.
it is polished with the kisses of many generations ofworshiping pilgrims.
the grotto was tricked out in the usual tastelessstyle observable in all the holy places of palestine.
as in the churchof the holy sepulchre, envy and uncharitableness were apparent here.
thepriests and the members of the greek and latin churches can not come bythe same corridor to kneel in the sacred birthplace of the redeemer, butare compelled to approach and retire by different avenues, lest theyquarrel and fight on this holiest ground on earth.
i have no "meditations," suggested by this spot where the very first"merry christmas!"
was uttered in all the world, and from whence thefriend of my childhood, santa claus, departed on his first journey, togladden and continue to gladden roaring firesides on wintry mornings inmany a distant land forever and forever.
i touch, with reverent finger,the actual spot where the infant jesus lay, but i think--nothing.
you can not think in this place any more than you can in any other inpalestine that would be likely to inspire reflection.
beggars, cripplesand monks compass you about, and make you think only of bucksheesh whenyou would rather think of something more in keeping with the character ofthe spot.
i was glad to get away, and glad when we had walked through the grottoeswhere eusebius wrote, and jerome fasted, and joseph prepared for theflight into egypt, and the dozen other distinguished grottoes, and knewwe were done.
the church of the nativity is almost as well packed withexceeding holy places as the church of the holy sepulchre itself.
theyeven have in it a grotto wherein twenty thousand children wereslaughtered by herod when he was seeking the life of the infant saviour.
we went to the milk grotto, of course--a cavern where mary hid herselffor a while before the flight into egypt.
its walls were black beforeshe entered, but in suckling the child, a drop of her milk fell upon thefloor and instantly changed the darkness of the walls to its own snowyhue.
we took many little fragments of stone from here, because it iswell known in all the east that a barren woman hath need only to touchher lips to one of these and her failing will depart from her.
we tookmany specimens, to the end that we might confer happiness upon certainhouseholds that we wot of.
we got away from bethlehem and its troops of beggars and relic-peddlersin the afternoon, and after spending some little time at rachel's tomb,hurried to jerusalem as fast as possible.
i never was so glad to gethome again before.
i never have enjoyed rest as i have enjoyed it duringthese last few hours.
the journey to the dead sea, the jordan andbethlehem was short, but it was an exhausting one.
such roasting heat,such oppressive solitude, and such dismal desolation can not surely existelsewhere on earth.
and such fatigue!
the commonest sagacity warns me that i ought to tell the customarypleasant lie, and say i tore myself reluctantly away from every notedplace in palestine.
every body tells that, but with as littleostentation as i may, i doubt the word of every he who tells it.
i couldtake a dreadful oath that i have never heard any one of our fortypilgrims say any thing of the sort, and they are as worthy and assincerely devout as any that come here.
they will say it when they gethome, fast enough, but why should they not?
they do not wish to arraythemselves against all the lamartines and grimeses in the world.
it doesnot stand to reason that men are reluctant to leave places where the verylife is almost badgered out of them by importunate swarms of beggars andpeddlers who hang in strings to one's sleeves and coat-tails and shriekand shout in his ears and horrify his vision with the ghastly sores andmalformations they exhibit.
one is glad to get away.
i have heardshameless people say they were glad to get away from ladies' festivalswhere they were importuned to buy by bevies of lovely young ladies.
transform those houris into dusky hags and ragged savages, and replacetheir rounded forms with shrunken and knotted distortions, their softhands with scarred and hideous deformities, and the persuasive music oftheir voices with the discordant din of a hated language, and then seehow much lingering reluctance to leave could be mustered.
no, it is theneat thing to say you were reluctant, and then append the profoundthoughts that "struggled for utterance," in your brain; but it is thetrue thing to say you were not reluctant, and found it impossible tothink at all--though in good sooth it is not respectable to say it, andnot poetical, either.
we do not think, in the holy places; we think in bed, afterwards, whenthe glare, and the noise, and the confusion are gone, and in fancy werevisit alone, the solemn monuments of the past, and summon the phantompageants of an age that has passed away.
we visited all the holy places about jerusalem which we had leftunvisited when we journeyed to the jordan and then, about three o'clockone afternoon, we fell into procession and marched out at the statelydamascus gate, and the walls of jerusalem shut us out forever.
we pausedon the summit of a distant hill and took a final look and made a finalfarewell to the venerable city which had been such a good home to us.
for about four hours we traveled down hill constantly.
we followed anarrow bridle-path which traversed the beds of the mountain gorges, andwhen we could we got out of the way of the long trains of laden camelsand asses, and when we could not we suffered the misery of being mashedup against perpendicular walls of rock and having our legs bruised by thepassing freight.
jack was caught two or three times, and dan and moultas often.
one horse had a heavy fall on the slippery rocks, and theothers had narrow escapes.
however, this was as good a road as we hadfound in palestine, and possibly even the best, and so there was not muchgrumbling.
sometimes, in the glens, we came upon luxuriant orchards of figs,apricots, pomegranates, and such things, but oftener the scenery wasrugged, mountainous, verdureless and forbidding.
here and there, towerswere perched high up on acclivities which seemed almost inaccessible.
this fashion is as old as palestine itself and was adopted in ancienttimes for security against enemies.
we crossed the brook which furnished david the stone that killed goliah,and no doubt we looked upon the very ground whereon that noted battle wasfought.
we passed by a picturesque old gothic ruin whose stone pavementshad rung to the armed heels of many a valorous crusader, and we rodethrough a piece of country which we were told once knew samson as acitizen.
we staid all night with the good monks at the convent of ramleh, and inthe morning got up and galloped the horses a good part of the distancefrom there to jaffa, or joppa, for the plain was as level as a floor andfree from stones, and besides this was our last march in holy land.
these two or three hours finished, we and the tired horses could haverest and sleep as long as we wanted it.
this was the plain of whichjoshua spoke when he said, "sun, stand thou still on gibeon, and thoumoon in the valley of ajalon."
as we drew near to jaffa, the boysspurred up the horses and indulged in the excitement of an actual race--an experience we had hardly had since we raced on donkeys in the azoresislands.
we came finally to the noble grove of orange-trees in which the orientalcity of jaffa lies buried; we passed through the walls, and rode againdown narrow streets and among swarms of animated rags, and saw othersights and had other experiences we had long been familiar with.
wedismounted, for the last time, and out in the offing, riding at anchor,we saw the ship!
i put an exclamation point there because we felt onewhen we saw the vessel.
the long pilgrimage was ended, and somehow weseemed to feel glad of it.
[for description of jaffa, see universal gazetteer.]
simon the tannerformerly lived here.
we went to his house.
all the pilgrims visit simonthe tanner's house.
peter saw the vision of the beasts let down in asheet when he lay upon the roof of simon the tanner's house.
it was fromjaffa that jonah sailed when he was told to go and prophesy againstnineveh, and no doubt it was not far from the town that the whale threwhim up when he discovered that he had no ticket.
jonah was disobedient,and of a fault-finding, complaining disposition, and deserves to belightly spoken of, almost.
the timbers used in the construction ofsolomon's temple were floated to jaffa in rafts, and the narrow openingin the reef through which they passed to the shore is not an inch wideror a shade less dangerous to navigate than it was then.
such is thesleepy nature of the population palestine's only good seaport has now andalways had.
jaffa has a history and a stirring one.
it will not bediscovered any where in this book.
if the reader will call at thecirculating library and mention my name, he will be furnished with bookswhich will afford him the fullest information concerning jaffa.
so ends the pilgrimage.
we ought to be glad that we did not make it forthe purpose of feasting our eyes upon fascinating aspects of nature, forwe should have been disappointed--at least at this season of the year.
awriter in "life in the holy land" observes:     "monotonous and uninviting as much of the holy land will appear to     persons accustomed to the almost constant verdure of flowers, ample     streams and varied surface of our own country, we must remember that     its aspect to the israelites after the weary march of forty years     through the desert must have been very different."
which all of us will freely grant.
but it truly is "monotonous anduninviting," and there is no sufficient reason for describing it as beingotherwise.
of all the lands there are for dismal scenery, i think palestine must bethe prince.
the hills are barren, they are dull of color, they areunpicturesque in shape.
the valleys are unsightly deserts fringed with afeeble vegetation that has an expression about it of being sorrowful anddespondent.
the dead sea and the sea of galilee sleep in the midst of avast stretch of hill and plain wherein the eye rests upon no pleasanttint, no striking object, no soft picture dreaming in a purple haze ormottled with the shadows of the clouds.
every outline is harsh, everyfeature is distinct, there is no perspective--distance works noenchantment here.
it is a hopeless, dreary, heart-broken land.
small shreds and patches of it must be very beautiful in the full flushof spring, however, and all the more beautiful by contrast with thefar-reaching desolation that surrounds them on every side.
i would likemuch to see the fringes of the jordan in spring-time, and shechem,esdraelon, ajalon and the borders of galilee--but even then these spotswould seem mere toy gardens set at wide intervals in the waste of alimitless desolation.
palestine sits in sackcloth and ashes.
over it broods the spell of acurse that has withered its fields and fettered its energies.
wheresodom and gomorrah reared their domes and towers, that solemn sea nowfloods the plain, in whose bitter waters no living thing exists--overwhose waveless surface the blistering air hangs motionless and dead--about whose borders nothing grows but weeds, and scattering tufts ofcane, and that treacherous fruit that promises refreshment to parchinglips, but turns to ashes at the touch.
nazareth is forlorn; about thatford of jordan where the hosts of israel entered the promised land withsongs of rejoicing, one finds only a squalid camp of fantastic bedouinsof the desert; jericho the accursed, lies a moldering ruin, to-day, evenas joshua's miracle left it more than three thousand years ago; bethlehemand bethany, in their poverty and their humiliation, have nothing aboutthem now to remind one that they once knew the high honor of thesaviour's presence; the hallowed spot where the shepherds watched theirflocks by night, and where the angels sang peace on earth, good will tomen, is untenanted by any living creature, and unblessed by any featurethat is pleasant to the eye.
renowned jerusalem itself, the stateliestname in history, has lost all its ancient grandeur, and is become apauper village; the riches of solomon are no longer there to compel theadmiration of visiting oriental queens; the wonderful temple which wasthe pride and the glory of israel, is gone, and the ottoman crescent islifted above the spot where, on that most memorable day in the annals ofthe world, they reared the holy cross.
the noted sea of galilee, whereroman fleets once rode at anchor and the disciples of the saviour sailedin their ships, was long ago deserted by the devotees of war andcommerce, and its borders are a silent wilderness; capernaum is ashapeless ruin; magdala is the home of beggared arabs; bethsaida andchorazin have vanished from the earth, and the "desert places" roundabout them where thousands of men once listened to the saviour's voiceand ate the miraculous bread, sleep in the hush of a solitude that isinhabited only by birds of prey and skulking foxes.
palestine is desolate and unlovely.
and why should it be otherwise?
canthe curse of the deity beautify a land?
palestine is no more of this work-day world.
it is sacred to poetry andtradition--it is dream-land.
it was worth a kingdom to be at sea again.
it was a relief to drop allanxiety whatsoever--all questions as to where we should go; how long weshould stay; whether it were worth while to go or not; all anxietiesabout the condition of the horses; all such questions as "shall we everget to water?"
"shall we ever lunch?"
"ferguson, how many more millionmiles have we got to creep under this awful sun before we camp?"
it wasa relief to cast all these torturing little anxieties far away--ropes ofsteel they were, and every one with a separate and distinct strain on it--and feel the temporary contentment that is born of the banishment ofall care and responsibility.
we did not look at the compass: we did notcare, now, where the ship went to, so that she went out of sight of landas quickly as possible.
when i travel again, i wish to go in a pleasureship.
no amount of money could have purchased for us, in a strangevessel and among unfamiliar faces, the perfect satisfaction and the senseof being at home again which we experienced when we stepped on board the"quaker city,"--our own ship--after this wearisome pilgrimage.
it is asomething we have felt always when we returned to her, and a something wehad no desire to sell.
we took off our blue woollen shirts, our spurs, and heavy boots, oursanguinary revolvers and our buckskin-seated pantaloons, and got shavedand came out in christian costume once more.
all but jack, who changedall other articles of his dress, but clung to his traveling pantaloons.
they still preserved their ample buckskin seat intact; and so his shortpea jacket and his long, thin legs assisted to make him a picturesqueobject whenever he stood on the forecastle looking abroad upon the oceanover the bows.
at such times his father's last injunction suggesteditself to me.
he said:"jack, my boy, you are about to go among a brilliant company of gentlemenand ladies, who are refined and cultivated, and thoroughly accomplishedin the manners and customs of good society.
listen to theirconversation, study their habits of life, and learn.
be polite andobliging to all, and considerate towards every one's opinions, failingsand prejudices.
command the just respect of all your fellow-voyagers,even though you fail to win their friendly regard.
and jack--don't youever dare, while you live, appear in public on those decks in fairweather, in a costume unbecoming your mother's drawing-room!"
it would have been worth any price if the father of this hopeful youthcould have stepped on board some time, and seen him standing high on thefore-castle, pea jacket, tasseled red fez, buckskin patch and all,placidly contemplating the ocean--a rare spectacle for any body'sdrawing-room.
after a pleasant voyage and a good rest, we drew near to egypt and out ofthe mellowest of sunsets we saw the domes and minarets of alexandria riseinto view.
as soon as the anchor was down, jack and i got a boat andwent ashore.
it was night by this time, and the other passengers werecontent to remain at home and visit ancient egypt after breakfast.
itwas the way they did at constantinople.
they took a lively interest innew countries, but their school-boy impatience had worn off, and they hadlearned that it was wisdom to take things easy and go along comfortably--these old countries do not go away in the night; they stay till afterbreakfast.
when we reached the pier we found an army of egyptian boys with donkeysno larger than themselves, waiting for passengers--for donkeys are theomnibuses of egypt.
we preferred to walk, but we could not have our ownway.
the boys crowded about us, clamored around us, and slewed theirdonkeys exactly across our path, no matter which way we turned.
theywere good-natured rascals, and so were the donkeys.
we mounted, and theboys ran behind us and kept the donkeys in a furious gallop, as is thefashion at damascus.
i believe i would rather ride a donkey than anybeast in the world.
he goes briskly, he puts on no airs, he is docile,though opinionated.
satan himself could not scare him, and he isconvenient--very convenient.
when you are tired riding you can rest yourfeet on the ground and let him gallop from under you.
we found the hotel and secured rooms, and were happy to know that theprince of wales had stopped there once.
they had it every where onsigns.
no other princes had stopped there since, till jack and i came.
we went abroad through the town, then, and found it a city of hugecommercial buildings, and broad, handsome streets brilliant withgas-light.
by night it was a sort of reminiscence of paris.
but finallyjack found an ice-cream saloon, and that closed investigations for thatevening.
the weather was very hot, it had been many a day since jack hadseen ice-cream, and so it was useless to talk of leaving the saloon tillit shut up.
in the morning the lost tribes of america came ashore and infested thehotels and took possession of all the donkeys and other open barouchesthat offered.
they went in picturesque procession to the americanconsul's; to the great gardens; to cleopatra's needles; to pompey'spillar; to the palace of the viceroy of egypt; to the nile; to the superbgroves of date-palms.
one of our most inveterate relic-hunters had hishammer with him, and tried to break a fragment off the upright needle andcould not do it; he tried the prostrate one and failed; he borrowed aheavy sledge hammer from a mason and tried again.
he tried pompey'spillar, and this baffled him.
scattered all about the mighty monolithwere sphinxes of noble countenance, carved out of egyptian granite ashard as blue steel, and whose shapely features the wear of five thousandyears had failed to mark or mar.
the relic-hunter battered at thesepersistently, and sweated profusely over his work.
he might as well haveattempted to deface the moon.
they regarded him serenely with thestately smile they had worn so long, and which seemed to say, "peck away,poor insect; we were not made to fear such as you; in ten-score draggingages we have seen more of your kind than there are sands at your feet:have they left a blemish upon us?"
but i am forgetting the jaffa colonists.
at jaffa we had taken on boardsome forty members of a very celebrated community.
they were male andfemale; babies, young boys and young girls; young married people, andsome who had passed a shade beyond the prime of life.
i refer to the"adams jaffa colony."
others had deserted before.
we left in jaffa mr.adams, his wife, and fifteen unfortunates who not only had no money butdid not know where to turn or whither to go.
such was the statement madeto us.
our forty were miserable enough in the first place, and they layabout the decks seasick all the voyage, which about completed theirmisery, i take it.
however, one or two young men remained upright, andby constant persecution we wormed out of them some little information.
they gave it reluctantly and in a very fragmentary condition, for, havingbeen shamefully humbugged by their prophet, they felt humiliated andunhappy.
in such circumstances people do not like to talk.
the colony was a complete fiasco.
i have already said that such as couldget away did so, from time to time.
the prophet adams--once an actor,then several other things, afterward a mormon and a missionary, always anadventurer--remains at jaffa with his handful of sorrowful subjects.
theforty we brought away with us were chiefly destitute, though not all ofthem.
they wished to get to egypt.
what might become of them then theydid not know and probably did not care--any thing to get away from hatedjaffa.
they had little to hope for.
because after many appeals to thesympathies of new england, made by strangers of boston, through thenewspapers, and after the establishment of an office there for thereception of moneyed contributions for the jaffa colonists, one dollarwas subscribed.
the consul-general for egypt showed me the newspaperparagraph which mentioned the circumstance and mentioned also thediscontinuance of the effort and the closing of the office.
it wasevident that practical new england was not sorry to be rid of suchvisionaries and was not in the least inclined to hire any body to bringthem back to her.
still, to get to egypt, was something, in the eyes ofthe unfortunate colonists, hopeless as the prospect seemed of evergetting further.
thus circumstanced, they landed at alexandria from our ship.
one of ourpassengers, mr. moses s. beach, of the new york sun, inquired of theconsul-general what it would cost to send these people to their home inmaine by the way of liverpool, and he said fifteen hundred dollars ingold would do it.
mr. beach gave his check for the money and so thetroubles of the jaffa colonists were at an end.--[it was an unselfishact of benevolence; it was done without any ostentation, and has neverbeen mentioned in any newspaper, i think.
therefore it is refreshing tolearn now, several months after the above narrative was written, thatanother man received all the credit of this rescue of the colonists.
such is life.]
alexandria was too much like a european city to be novel, and we soontired of it.
we took the cars and came up here to ancient cairo, whichis an oriental city and of the completest pattern.
there is little aboutit to disabuse one's mind of the error if he should take it into his headthat he was in the heart of arabia.
stately camels and dromedaries,swarthy egyptians, and likewise turks and black ethiopians, turbaned,sashed, and blazing in a rich variety of oriental costumes of all shadesof flashy colors, are what one sees on every hand crowding the narrowstreets and the honeycombed bazaars.
we are stopping at shepherd'shotel, which is the worst on earth except the one i stopped at once in asmall town in the united states.
it is pleasant to read this sketch inmy note-book, now, and know that i can stand shepherd's hotel, sure,because i have been in one just like it in america and survived:     i stopped at the benton house.
it used to be a good hotel, but that     proves nothing--i used to be a good boy, for that matter.
both of     us have lost character of late years.
the benton is not a good     hotel.
the benton lacks a very great deal of being a good hotel.
perdition is full of better hotels than the benton.
it was late at night when i got there, and i told the clerk i would     like plenty of lights, because i wanted to read an hour or two.
when i reached no.
15 with the porter (we came along a dim hall that     was clad in ancient carpeting, faded, worn out in many places, and     patched with old scraps of oil cloth--a hall that sank under one's     feet, and creaked dismally to every footstep,) he struck a light     --two inches of sallow, sorrowful, consumptive tallow candle, that     burned blue, and sputtered, and got discouraged and went out.
the     porter lit it again, and i asked if that was all the light the clerk     sent.
he said, "oh no, i've got another one here," and he produced     another couple of inches of tallow candle.
i said, "light them both     --i'll have to have one to see the other by."
he did it, but the     result was drearier than darkness itself.
he was a cheery,     accommodating rascal.
he said he would go "somewheres" and steal a     lamp.
i abetted and encouraged him in his criminal design.
i heard     the landlord get after him in the hall ten minutes afterward.
"where are you going with that lamp?"
"fifteen wants it, sir."
why he's got a double lot of candles--does the man want     to illuminate the house?--does he want to get up a torch-light     procession?--what is he up to, any how?"
"he don't like them candles--says he wants a lamp."
"why what in the nation does----why i never heard of such a thing?
what on earth can he want with that lamp?"
"well, he only wants to read--that's what he says."
"wants to read, does he?--ain't satisfied with a thousand candles,     but has to have a lamp!--i do wonder what the devil that fellow     wants that lamp for?
take him another candle, and then if----"     "but he wants the lamp--says he'll burn the d--d old house down if     he don't get a lamp!"
(a remark which i never made.)
"i'd like to see him at it once.
well, you take it along--but i     swear it beats my time, though--and see if you can't find out what     in the very nation he wants with that lamp."
and he went off growling to himself and still wondering and     wondering over the unaccountable conduct of no.
15.  the lamp was a     good one, but it revealed some disagreeable things--a bed in the     suburbs of a desert of room--a bed that had hills and valleys in it,     and you'd have to accommodate your body to the impression left in it     by the man that slept there last, before you could lie comfortably;     a carpet that had seen better days; a melancholy washstand in a     remote corner, and a dejected pitcher on it sorrowing over a broken     nose; a looking-glass split across the centre, which chopped your     head off at the chin and made you look like some dreadful unfinished     monster or other; the paper peeling in shreds from the walls.
i sighed and said: "this is charming; and now don't you think you     could get me something to read?"
the porter said, "oh, certainly; the old man's got dead loads of     books;" and he was gone before i could tell him what sort of     literature i would rather have.
and yet his countenance expressed     the utmost confidence in his ability to execute the commission with     credit to himself.
the old man made a descent on him.
"what are you going to do with that pile of books?"
"fifteen wants 'em, sir."
"fifteen, is it?
he'll want a warming-pan, next--he'll want a     nurse!
take him every thing there is in the house--take him the     bar-keeper--take him the baggage-wagon--take him a chamber-maid!
confound me, i never saw any thing like it.
what did he say he     wants with those books?"
"wants to read 'em, like enough; it ain't likely he wants to eat     'em, i don't reckon."
"wants to read 'em--wants to read 'em this time of night, the     infernal lunatic!
well, he can't have them."
"but he says he's mor'ly bound to have 'em; he says he'll just go     a-rairin' and a-chargin' through this house and raise more--well,     there's no tellin' what he won't do if he don't get 'em; because     he's drunk and crazy and desperate, and nothing'll soothe him down     but them cussed books."
[i had not made any threats, and was not in     the condition ascribed to me by the porter.]
"well, go on; but i will be around when he goes to rairing and     charging, and the first rair he makes i'll make him rair out of the     window."
and then the old gentleman went off, growling as before.
the genius of that porter was something wonderful.
he put an armful     of books on the bed and said "good night" as confidently as if he     knew perfectly well that those books were exactly my style of     reading matter.
and well he might.
his selection covered the whole     range of legitimate literature.
it comprised "the great     consummation," by rev.
dr. cummings--theology; "revised statutes of     the state of missouri"--law; "the complete horse-doctor"--medicine;     "the toilers of the sea," by victor hugo--romance; "the works of     william shakspeare"--poetry.
i shall never cease to admire the tact     and the intelligence of that gifted porter.
but all the donkeys in christendom, and most of the egyptian boys, ithink, are at the door, and there is some noise going on, not to put itin stronger language.--we are about starting to the illustrious pyramidsof egypt, and the donkeys for the voyage are under inspection.
i will goand select one before the choice animals are all taken.
the donkeys were all good, all handsome, all strong and in goodcondition, all fast and all willing to prove it.
they were the best wehad found any where, and the most 'recherche'.
i do not know what'recherche' is, but that is what these donkeys were, anyhow.
somewere of a soft mouse-color, and the others were white, black, andvari-colored.
some were close-shaven, all over, except that a tuft likea paint-brush was left on the end of the tail.
others were so shaven infanciful landscape garden patterns, as to mark their bodies with curvinglines, which were bounded on one side by hair and on the other by theclose plush left by the shears.
they had all been newly barbered, andwere exceedingly stylish.
several of the white ones were barred likezebras with rainbow stripes of blue and red and yellow paint.
thesewere indescribably gorgeous.
dan and jack selected from this lotbecause they brought back italian reminiscences of the "old masters."
the saddles were the high, stuffy, frog-shaped things we had known inephesus and smyrna.
the donkey-boys were lively young egyptian rascalswho could follow a donkey and keep him in a canter half a day withouttiring.
we had plenty of spectators when we mounted, for the hotel wasfull of english people bound overland to india and officers gettingready for the african campaign against the abyssinian king theodorus.
we were not a very large party, but as we charged through the streets ofthe great metropolis, we made noise for five hundred, and displayedactivity and created excitement in proportion.
nobody can steer adonkey, and some collided with camels, dervishes, effendis, asses,beggars and every thing else that offered to the donkeys a reasonablechance for a collision.
when we turned into the broad avenue that leadsout of the city toward old cairo, there was plenty of room.
the wallsof stately date-palms that fenced the gardens and bordered the way,threw their shadows down and made the air cool and bracing.
we rose tothe spirit of the time and the race became a wild rout, a stampede, aterrific panic.
i wish to live to enjoy it again.
somewhere along this route we had a few startling exhibitions of orientalsimplicity.
a girl apparently thirteen years of age came along the greatthoroughfare dressed like eve before the fall.
we would have called herthirteen at home; but here girls who look thirteen are often not morethan nine, in reality.
occasionally we saw stark-naked men of superbbuild, bathing, and making no attempt at concealment.
however, an hour'sacquaintance with this cheerful custom reconciled the pilgrims to it, andthen it ceased to occasion remark.
thus easily do even the moststartling novelties grow tame and spiritless to these sight-surfeitedwanderers.
arrived at old cairo, the camp-followers took up the donkeys and tumbledthem bodily aboard a small boat with a lateen sail, and we followed andgot under way.
the deck was closely packed with donkeys and men; the twosailors had to climb over and under and through the wedged mass to workthe sails, and the steersman had to crowd four or five donkeys out of theway when he wished to swing his tiller and put his helm hard-down.
butwhat were their troubles to us?
we had nothing to do; nothing to do butenjoy the trip; nothing to do but shove the donkeys off our corns andlook at the charming scenery of the nile.
on the island at our right was the machine they call the nilometer, astone-column whose business it is to mark the rise of the river andprophecy whether it will reach only thirty-two feet and produce a famine,or whether it will properly flood the land at forty and produce plenty,or whether it will rise to forty-three and bring death and destruction toflocks and crops--but how it does all this they could not explain to usso that we could understand.
on the same island is still shown the spotwhere pharaoh's daughter found moses in the bulrushes.
near the spot wesailed from, the holy family dwelt when they sojourned in egypt tillherod should complete his slaughter of the innocents.
the same tree theyrested under when they first arrived, was there a short time ago, but theviceroy of egypt sent it to the empress eugenie lately.
he was just intime, otherwise our pilgrims would have had it.
the nile at this point is muddy, swift and turbid, and does not lack agreat deal of being as wide as the mississippi.
we scrambled up the steep bank at the shabby town of ghizeh, mounted thedonkeys again, and scampered away.
for four or five miles the route layalong a high embankment which they say is to be the bed of a railway thesultan means to build for no other reason than that when the empress ofthe french comes to visit him she can go to the pyramids in comfort.
this is true oriental hospitality.
i am very glad it is our privilege tohave donkeys instead of cars.
at the distance of a few miles the pyramids rising above the palms,looked very clean-cut, very grand and imposing, and very soft and filmy,as well.
they swam in a rich haze that took from them all suggestions ofunfeeling stone, and made them seem only the airy nothings of a dream--structures which might blossom into tiers of vague arches, or ornatecolonnades, may be, and change and change again, into all graceful formsof architecture, while we looked, and then melt deliciously away andblend with the tremulous atmosphere.
at the end of the levee we left the mules and went in a sailboat acrossan arm of the nile or an overflow, and landed where the sands of thegreat sahara left their embankment, as straight as a wall, along theverge of the alluvial plain of the river.
a laborious walk in theflaming sun brought us to the foot of the great pyramid of cheops.
itwas a fairy vision no longer.
it was a corrugated, unsightly mountain ofstone.
each of its monstrous sides was a wide stairway which roseupward, step above step, narrowing as it went, till it tapered to a pointfar aloft in the air.
insect men and women--pilgrims from the quakercity--were creeping about its dizzy perches, and one little black swarmwere waving postage stamps from the airy summit--handkerchiefs will beunderstood.
of course we were besieged by a rabble of muscular egyptians and arabswho wanted the contract of dragging us to the top--all tourists are.
ofcourse you could not hear your own voice for the din that was around you.
of course the sheiks said they were the only responsible parties; thatall contracts must be made with them, all moneys paid over to them, andnone exacted from us by any but themselves alone.
of course theycontracted that the varlets who dragged us up should not mentionbucksheesh once.
for such is the usual routine.
of course we contractedwith them, paid them, were delivered into the hands of the draggers,dragged up the pyramids, and harried and be-deviled for bucksheesh fromthe foundation clear to the summit.
we paid it, too, for we werepurposely spread very far apart over the vast side of the pyramid.
therewas no help near if we called, and the herculeses who dragged us had away of asking sweetly and flatteringly for bucksheesh, which wasseductive, and of looking fierce and threatening to throw us down theprecipice, which was persuasive and convincing.
each step being full as high as a dinner-table; there being very, verymany of the steps; an arab having hold of each of our arms and springingupward from step to step and snatching us with them, forcing us to liftour feet as high as our breasts every time, and do it rapidly and keep itup till we were ready to faint, who shall say it is not lively,exhilarating, lacerating, muscle-straining, bone-wrenching and perfectlyexcruciating and exhausting pastime, climbing the pyramids?
i beseechedthe varlets not to twist all my joints asunder; i iterated, reiterated,even swore to them that i did not wish to beat any body to the top; didall i could to convince them that if i got there the last of all i wouldfeel blessed above men and grateful to them forever; i begged them,prayed them, pleaded with them to let me stop and rest a moment--only onelittle moment: and they only answered with some more frightful springs,and an unenlisted volunteer behind opened a bombardment of determinedboosts with his head which threatened to batter my whole politicaleconomy to wreck and ruin.
twice, for one minute, they let me rest while they extorted bucksheesh,and then continued their maniac flight up the pyramid.
they wished tobeat the other parties.
it was nothing to them that i, a stranger, mustbe sacrificed upon the altar of their unholy ambition.
but in the midstof sorrow, joy blooms.
even in this dark hour i had a sweet consolation.
for i knew that except these mohammedans repented they would go straightto perdition some day.
and they never repent--they never forsake theirpaganism.
this thought calmed me, cheered me, and i sank down, limp andexhausted, upon the summit, but happy, so happy and serene within.
on the one hand, a mighty sea of yellow sand stretched away toward theends of the earth, solemn, silent, shorn of vegetation, its solitudeuncheered by any forms of creature life; on the other, the eden of egyptwas spread below us--a broad green floor, cloven by the sinuous river,dotted with villages, its vast distances measured and marked by thediminishing stature of receding clusters of palms.
it lay asleep in anenchanted atmosphere.
there was no sound, no motion.
above thedate-plumes in the middle distance, swelled a domed and pinnacled mass,glimmering through a tinted, exquisite mist; away toward the horizon adozen shapely pyramids watched over ruined memphis: and at our feet thebland impassible sphynx looked out upon the picture from her throne inthe sands as placidly and pensively as she had looked upon its like fullfifty lagging centuries ago.
we suffered torture no pen can describe from the hungry appeals forbucksheesh that gleamed from arab eyes and poured incessantly from arablips.
why try to call up the traditions of vanished egyptian grandeur;why try to fancy egypt following dead rameses to his tomb in the pyramid,or the long multitude of israel departing over the desert yonder?
whytry to think at all?
the thing was impossible.
one must bring hismeditations cut and dried, or else cut and dry them afterward.
the traditional arab proposed, in the traditional way, to run downcheops, cross the eighth of a mile of sand intervening between it and thetall pyramid of cephron, ascend to cephron's summit and return to us onthe top of cheops--all in nine minutes by the watch, and the wholeservice to be rendered for a single dollar.
in the first flush ofirritation, i said let the arab and his exploits go to the mischief.
the upper third of cephron was coated with dressed marble,smooth as glass.
a blessed thought entered my brain.
he must infalliblybreak his neck.
close the contract with dispatch, i said, and let himgo.
he went bounding down the vast broadside,spring after spring, like an ibex.
he grew small and smaller till hebecame a bobbing pigmy, away down toward the bottom--then disappeared.
we turned and peered over the other side--forty seconds--eighty seconds--a hundred--happiness, he is dead already!--two minutes--and a quarter--"there he goes!"
too true--it was too true.
he was very small, now.
gradually, but surely, he overcame the level ground.
he began to springand climb again.
up, up, up--at last he reached the smooth coating--nowfor it.
but he clung to it with toes and fingers, like a fly.
hecrawled this way and that--away to the right, slanting upward--away tothe left, still slanting upward--and stood at last, a black peg on thesummit, and waved his pigmy scarf!
then he crept downward to the rawsteps again, then picked up his agile heels and flew.
we lost himpresently.
but presently again we saw him under us, mounting withundiminished energy.
shortly he bounded into our midst with a gallantwar-whoop.
time, eight minutes, forty-one seconds.
he had won.
hisbones were intact.
it was a failure.
i said to myself, heis tired, and must grow dizzy.
i will risk another dollar on him.
he started again.
made the trip again.
slipped on the smooth coating--i almost had him.
but an infamous crevice saved him.
he was with usonce more--perfectly sound.
time, eight minutes, forty-six seconds.
i said to dan, "lend me a dollar--i can beat this game, yet."
worse and worse.
he won again.
time, eight minutes, forty-eightseconds.
i was out of all patience, now.
i was desperate.--money wasno longer of any consequence.
i said, "sirrah, i will give you a hundreddollars to jump off this pyramid head first.
if you do not like theterms, name your bet.
i scorn to stand on expenses now.
i will stayright here and risk money on you as long as dan has got a cent."
i was in a fair way to win, now, for it was a dazzling opportunity for anarab.
he pondered a moment, and would have done it, i think, but hismother arrived, then, and interfered.
her tears moved me--i never canlook upon the tears of woman with indifference--and i said i would giveher a hundred to jump off, too.
but it was a failure.
the arabs are too high-priced in egypt.
they puton airs unbecoming to such savages.
we descended, hot and out of humor.
the dragoman lit candles, and we allentered a hole near the base of the pyramid, attended by a crazy rabbleof arabs who thrust their services upon us uninvited.
they dragged us upa long inclined chute, and dripped candle-grease all over us.
this chutewas not more than twice as wide and high as a saratoga trunk, and waswalled, roofed and floored with solid blocks of egyptian granite as wideas a wardrobe, twice as thick and three times as long.
we kept onclimbing, through the oppressive gloom, till i thought we ought to benearing the top of the pyramid again, and then came to the "queen'schamber," and shortly to the chamber of the king.
these large apartmentswere tombs.
the walls were built of monstrous masses of smoothedgranite, neatly joined together.
some of them were nearly as largesquare as an ordinary parlor.
a great stone sarcophagus like a bath-tubstood in the centre of the king's chamber.
around it were gathered apicturesque group of arab savages and soiled and tattered pilgrims, whoheld their candles aloft in the gloom while they chattered, and thewinking blurs of light shed a dim glory down upon one of theirrepressible memento-seekers who was pecking at the venerablesarcophagus with his sacrilegious hammer.
we struggled out to the open air and the bright sunshine, and for thespace of thirty minutes received ragged arabs by couples, dozens andplatoons, and paid them bucksheesh for services they swore and proved byeach other that they had rendered, but which we had not been aware ofbefore--and as each party was paid, they dropped into the rear of theprocession and in due time arrived again with a newly-invented delinquentlist for liquidation.
we lunched in the shade of the pyramid, and in the midst of thisencroaching and unwelcome company, and then dan and jack and i startedaway for a walk.
a howling swarm of beggars followed us--surrounded us--almost headed us off.
a sheik, in flowing white bournous and gaudyhead-gear, was with them.
he wanted more bucksheesh.
but we hadadopted a new code--it was millions for defense, but not a cent forbucksheesh.
i asked him if he could persuade the others to depart if wepaid him.
he said yes--for ten francs.
we accepted the contract, andsaid--"now persuade your vassals to fall back."
he swung his long staff round his head and three arabs bit the dust.
hecapered among the mob like a very maniac.
his blows fell like hail, andwherever one fell a subject went down.
we had to hurry to the rescue andtell him it was only necessary to damage them a little, he need not killthem.--in two minutes we were alone with the sheik, and remained so.
the persuasive powers of this illiterate savage were remarkable.
each side of the pyramid of cheops is about as long as the capitol atwashington, or the sultan's new palace on the bosporus, and is longerthan the greatest depth of st. peter's at rome--which is to say that eachside of cheops extends seven hundred and some odd feet.
it is aboutseventy-five feet higher than the cross on st. peter's.
the first time iever went down the mississippi, i thought the highest bluff on the riverbetween st. louis and new orleans--it was near selma, missouri--wasprobably the highest mountain in the world.
it is four hundred andthirteen feet high.
it still looms in my memory with undiminishedgrandeur.
i can still see the trees and bushes growing smaller andsmaller as i followed them up its huge slant with my eye, till theybecame a feathery fringe on the distant summit.
this symmetrical pyramidof cheops--this solid mountain of stone reared by the patient hands ofmen--this mighty tomb of a forgotten monarch--dwarfs my cherishedmountain.
for it is four hundred and eighty feet high.
in still earlieryears than those i have been recalling, holliday's hill, in our town, wasto me the noblest work of god.
it appeared to pierce the skies.
it wasnearly three hundred feet high.
in those days i pondered the subjectmuch, but i never could understand why it did not swathe its summit withnever-failing clouds, and crown its majestic brow with everlasting snows.
i had heard that such was the custom of great mountains in other parts ofthe world.
i remembered how i worked with another boy, at odd afternoonsstolen from study and paid for with stripes, to undermine and start fromits bed an immense boulder that rested upon the edge of that hilltop; iremembered how, one saturday afternoon, we gave three hours of honesteffort to the task, and saw at last that our reward was at hand; iremembered how we sat down, then, and wiped the perspiration away, andwaited to let a picnic party get out of the way in the road below--andthen we started the boulder.
it was splendid.
it went crashing down thehillside, tearing up saplings, mowing bushes down like grass, ripping andcrushing and smashing every thing in its path--eternally splintered andscattered a wood pile at the foot of the hill, and then sprang from thehigh bank clear over a dray in the road--the negro glanced up once anddodged--and the next second it made infinitesimal mince-meat of a framecooper-shop, and the coopers swarmed out like bees.
then we said it wasperfectly magnificent, and left.
because the coopers were starting upthe hill to inquire.
still, that mountain, prodigious as it was, was nothing to the pyramid ofcheops.
i could conjure up no comparison that would convey to my mind asatisfactory comprehension of the magnitude of a pile of monstrous stonesthat covered thirteen acres of ground and stretched upward four hundredand eighty tiresome feet, and so i gave it up and walked down to thesphynx.
after years of waiting, it was before me at last.
the great face was sosad, so earnest, so longing, so patient.
there was a dignity not ofearth in its mien, and in its countenance a benignity such as never anything human wore.
it was stone, but it seemed sentient.
if ever imageof stone thought, it was thinking.
it was looking toward the verge ofthe landscape, yet looking at nothing--nothing but distance and vacancy.
it was looking over and beyond every thing of the present, and far intothe past.
it was gazing out over the ocean of time--over lines ofcentury-waves which, further and further receding, closed nearer andnearer together, and blended at last into one unbroken tide, away towardthe horizon of remote antiquity.
it was thinking of the wars of departedages; of the empires it had seen created and destroyed; of the nationswhose birth it had witnessed, whose progress it had watched, whoseannihilation it had noted; of the joy and sorrow, the life and death, thegrandeur and decay, of five thousand slow revolving years.
it was thetype of an attribute of man--of a faculty of his heart and brain.
it wasmemory--retrospection--wrought into visible, tangible form.
all who knowwhat pathos there is in memories of days that are accomplished and facesthat have vanished--albeit only a trifling score of years gone by--willhave some appreciation of the pathos that dwells in these grave eyes thatlook so steadfastly back upon the things they knew before history wasborn--before tradition had being--things that were, and forms that moved,in a vague era which even poetry and romance scarce know of--and passedone by one away and left the stony dreamer solitary in the midst of astrange new age, and uncomprehended scenes.
the sphynx is grand in its loneliness; it is imposing in its magnitude;it is impressive in the mystery that hangs over its story.
and there isthat in the overshadowing majesty of this eternal figure of stone, withits accusing memory of the deeds of all ages, which reveals to onesomething of what he shall feel when he shall stand at last in the awfulpresence of god.
there are some things which, for the credit of america, should be leftunsaid, perhaps; but these very things happen sometimes to be the verythings which, for the real benefit of americans, ought to have prominentnotice.
while we stood looking, a wart, or an excrescence of some kind,appeared on the jaw of the sphynx.
we heard the familiar clink of ahammer, and understood the case at once.
one of our well meaningreptiles--i mean relic-hunters--had crawled up there and was trying tobreak a "specimen" from the face of this the most majestic creation thehand of man has wrought.
but the great image contemplated the dead agesas calmly as ever, unconscious of the small insect that was fretting atits jaw.
egyptian granite that has defied the storms and earthquakes ofall time has nothing to fear from the tack-hammers of ignorantexcursionists--highwaymen like this specimen.
he failed in hisenterprise.
we sent a sheik to arrest him if he had the authority, or towarn him, if he had not, that by the laws of egypt the crime he wasattempting to commit was punishable with imprisonment or the bastinado.
then he desisted and went away.
the sphynx: a hundred and twenty-five feet long, sixty feet high, and ahundred and two feet around the head, if i remember rightly--carved outof one solid block of stone harder than any iron.
the block must havebeen as large as the fifth avenue hotel before the usual waste (by thenecessities of sculpture) of a fourth or a half of the original mass wasbegun.
i only set down these figures and these remarks to suggest theprodigious labor the carving of it so elegantly, so symmetrically, sofaultlessly, must have cost.
this species of stone is so hard thatfigures cut in it remain sharp and unmarred after exposure to the weatherfor two or three thousand years.
now did it take a hundred years ofpatient toil to carve the sphynx?
it seems probable.
something interfered, and we did not visit the red sea and walk upon thesands of arabia.
i shall not describe the great mosque of mehemet ali,whose entire inner walls are built of polished and glistening alabaster;i shall not tell how the little birds have built their nests in theglobes of the great chandeliers that hang in the mosque, and how theyfill the whole place with their music and are not afraid of any bodybecause their audacity is pardoned, their rights are respected, andnobody is allowed to interfere with them, even though the mosque be thusdoomed to go unlighted; i certainly shall not tell the hackneyed story ofthe massacre of the mamelukes, because i am glad the lawless rascals weremassacred, and i do not wish to get up any sympathy in their behalf; ishall not tell how that one solitary mameluke jumped his horse a hundredfeet down from the battlements of the citadel and escaped, because i donot think much of that--i could have done it myself; i shall not tell ofjoseph's well which he dug in the solid rock of the citadel hill andwhich is still as good as new, nor how the same mules he bought to drawup the water (with an endless chain) are still at it yet and are gettingtired of it, too; i shall not tell about joseph's granaries which hebuilt to store the grain in, what time the egyptian brokers were "sellingshort," unwitting that there would be no corn in all the land when itshould be time for them to deliver; i shall not tell any thing about thestrange, strange city of cairo, because it is only a repetition, a gooddeal intensified and exaggerated, of the oriental cities i have alreadyspoken of; i shall not tell of the great caravan which leaves for meccaevery year, for i did not see it; nor of the fashion the people have ofprostrating themselves and so forming a long human pavement to be riddenover by the chief of the expedition on its return, to the end that theirsalvation may be thus secured, for i did not see that either; i shall notspeak of the railway, for it is like any other railway--i shall only saythat the fuel they use for the locomotive is composed of mummies threethousand years old, purchased by the ton or by the graveyard for thatpurpose, and that sometimes one hears the profane engineer call outpettishly, "d--n these plebeians, they don't burn worth a cent--pass outa king;"--[stated to me for a fact.
i only tell it as i got it.
i amwilling to believe it.
i can believe any thing.]
--i shall not tell ofthe groups of mud cones stuck like wasps' nests upon a thousand moundsabove high water-mark the length and breadth of egypt--villages of thelower classes; i shall not speak of the boundless sweep of level plain,green with luxuriant grain, that gladdens the eye as far as it can piercethrough the soft, rich atmosphere of egypt; i shall not speak of thevision of the pyramids seen at a distance of five and twenty miles, forthe picture is too ethereal to be limned by an uninspired pen; i shallnot tell of the crowds of dusky women who flocked to the cars when theystopped a moment at a station, to sell us a drink of water or a ruddy,juicy pomegranate; i shall not tell of the motley multitudes and wildcostumes that graced a fair we found in full blast at another barbarousstation; i shall not tell how we feasted on fresh dates and enjoyed thepleasant landscape all through the flying journey; nor how we thunderedinto alexandria, at last, swarmed out of the cars, rowed aboard the ship,left a comrade behind, (who was to return to europe, thence home,) raisedthe anchor, and turned our bows homeward finally and forever from thelong voyage; nor how, as the mellow sun went down upon the oldest land onearth, jack and moult assembled in solemn state in the smoking-room andmourned over the lost comrade the whole night long, and would not becomforted.
i shall not speak a word of any of these things, or write aline.
they shall be as a sealed book.
i do not know what a sealed bookis, because i never saw one, but a sealed book is the expression to usein this connection, because it is popular.
we were glad to have seen the land which was the mother of civilization--which taught greece her letters, and through greece rome, and throughrome the world; the land which could have humanized and civilized thehapless children of israel, but allowed them to depart out of her borderslittle better than savages.
we were glad to have seen that land whichhad an enlightened religion with future eternal rewards and punishment init, while even israel's religion contained no promise of a hereafter.
we were glad to have seen that land which had glass three thousand yearsbefore england had it, and could paint upon it as none of us can paintnow; that land which knew, three thousand years ago, well nigh all ofmedicine and surgery which science has discovered lately; which had allthose curious surgical instruments which science has invented recently;which had in high excellence a thousand luxuries and necessities of anadvanced civilization which we have gradually contrived and accumulatedin modern times and claimed as things that were new under the sun; thathad paper untold centuries before we dreampt of it--and waterfalls beforeour women thought of them; that had a perfect system of common schools solong before we boasted of our achievements in that direction that itseems forever and forever ago; that so embalmed the dead that flesh wasmade almost immortal--which we can not do; that built temples which mockat destroying time and smile grimly upon our lauded little prodigies ofarchitecture; that old land that knew all which we know now, perchance,and more; that walked in the broad highway of civilization in the graydawn of creation, ages and ages before we were born; that left theimpress of exalted, cultivated mind upon the eternal front of the sphynxto confound all scoffers who, when all her other proofs had passed away,might seek to persuade the world that imperial egypt, in the days of herhigh renown, had groped in darkness.
we were at sea now, for a very long voyage--we were to pass through theentire length of the levant; through the entire length of themediterranean proper, also, and then cross the full width of theatlantic--a voyage of several weeks.
we naturally settled down into avery slow, stay-at-home manner of life, and resolved to be quiet,exemplary people, and roam no more for twenty or thirty days.
no more,at least, than from stem to stern of the ship.
it was a very comfortableprospect, though, for we were tired and needed a long rest.
we were all lazy and satisfied, now, as the meager entries in mynote-book (that sure index, to me, of my condition), prove.
what astupid thing a note-book gets to be at sea, any way.
please observe thestyle:     "sunday--services, as usual, at four bells.
services at night,     also.
"monday--beautiful day, but rained hard.
the cattle purchased at     alexandria for beef ought to be shingled.
or else fattened.
the     water stands in deep puddles in the depressions forward of their     after shoulders.
also here and there all over their backs.
it is     well they are not cows--it would soak in and ruin the milk.
the     poor devil eagle--[afterwards presented to the central park.]
--from     syria looks miserable and droopy in the rain, perched on the forward     capstan.
he appears to have his own opinion of a sea voyage, and if     it were put into language and the language solidified, it would     probably essentially dam the widest river in the world.
"tuesday--somewhere in the neighborhood of the island of malta.
can     not stop there.
weather very stormy.
many passengers     seasick and invisible.
"wednesday--weather still very savage.
storm blew two land birds to     sea, and they came on board.
a hawk was blown off, also.
he     circled round and round the ship, wanting to light, but afraid of     the people.
he was so tired, though, that he had to light, at last,     or perish.
he stopped in the foretop, repeatedly, and was as often     blown away by the wind.
at last harry caught him.
sea full of     flying-fish.
they rise in flocks of three hundred and flash along     above the tops of the waves a distance of two or three hundred feet,     then fall and disappear.
"thursday--anchored off algiers, africa.
beautiful city, beautiful     green hilly landscape behind it.
staid half a day and left.
not     permitted to land, though we showed a clean bill of health.
they     were afraid of egyptian plague and cholera.
evening,     promenading the deck.
evening,     promenading the decks.
"sunday--morning service, four bells.
evening service, eight bells.
monotony till midnight.--whereupon, dominoes.
evening,     promenading the decks.
afterward, charades and a lecture from dr.     c. dominoes.
"no date--anchored off the picturesque city of cagliari, sardinia.
staid till midnight, but not permitted to land by these infamous     foreigners.
they smell inodorously--they do not wash--they dare not     risk cholera.
"thursday--anchored off the beautiful cathedral city of malaga,     spain.--went ashore in the captain's boat--not ashore, either, for     they would not let us land.
shipped my newspaper     correspondence, which they took with tongs, dipped it in sea water,     clipped it full of holes, and then fumigated it with villainous     vapors till it smelt like a spaniard.
inquired about chances to run     to blockade and visit the alhambra at granada.
too risky--they     might hang a body.
set sail--middle of afternoon.
"and so on, and so on, and so forth, for several days.
finally,     anchored off gibraltar, which looks familiar and home-like."
it reminds me of the journal i opened with the new year, once, when i wasa boy and a confiding and a willing prey to those impossible schemes ofreform which well-meaning old maids and grandmothers set for the feet ofunwary youths at that season of the year--setting oversized tasks forthem, which, necessarily failing, as infallibly weaken the boy's strengthof will, diminish his confidence in himself and injure his chances ofsuccess in life.
please accept of an extract:     "monday--got up, washed, went to bed.
"tuesday--got up, washed, went to bed.
"wednesday--got up, washed, went to bed.
"thursday--got up, washed, went to bed.
"friday--got up, washed, went to bed.
"next friday--got up, washed, went to bed.
"friday fortnight--got up, washed, went to bed.
"following month--got up, washed, went to bed."
i stopped, then, discouraged.
startling events appeared to be too rare,in my career, to render a diary necessary.
i still reflect with pride,however, that even at that early age i washed when i got up.
thatjournal finished me.
i never have had the nerve to keep one since.
myloss of confidence in myself in that line was permanent.
the ship had to stay a week or more at gibraltar to take in coal for thehome voyage.
it would be very tiresome staying here, and so four of us ran thequarantine blockade and spent seven delightful days in seville, cordova,cadiz, and wandering through the pleasant rural scenery of andalusia, thegarden of old spain.
the experiences of that cheery week were too variedand numerous for a short chapter and i have not room for a long one.
therefore i shall leave them all out.
ten or eleven o'clock found us coming down to breakfast one morning incadiz.
they told us the ship had been lying at anchor in the harbor twoor three hours.
it was time for us to bestir ourselves.
the ship couldwait only a little while because of the quarantine.
we were soon onboard, and within the hour the white city and the pleasant shores ofspain sank down behind the waves and passed out of sight.
we had seen noland fade from view so regretfully.
it had long ago been decided in a noisy public meeting in the main cabinthat we could not go to lisbon, because we must surely be quarantinedthere.
we did every thing by mass-meeting, in the good old national way,from swapping off one empire for another on the programme of the voyagedown to complaining of the cookery and the scarcity of napkins.
i amreminded, now, of one of these complaints of the cookery made by apassenger.
the coffee had been steadily growing more and more execrablefor the space of three weeks, till at last it had ceased to be coffeealtogether and had assumed the nature of mere discolored water--so thisperson said.
he said it was so weak that it was transparent an inch indepth around the edge of the cup.
as he approached the table one morninghe saw the transparent edge--by means of his extraordinary vision longbefore he got to his seat.
he went back and complained in a high-handedway to capt.
he said the coffee was disgraceful.
the captainshowed his.
it seemed tolerably good.
the incipient mutineer was moreoutraged than ever, then, at what he denounced as the partiality shownthe captain's table over the other tables in the ship.
he flourishedback and got his cup and set it down triumphantly, and said:"just try that mixture once, captain duncan."
he smelt it--tasted it--smiled benignantly--then said:"it is inferior--for coffee--but it is pretty fair tea."
the humbled mutineer smelt it, tasted it, and returned to his seat.
hehad made an egregious ass of himself before the whole ship.
he did it nomore.
after that he took things as they came.
that was me.
the old-fashioned ship-life had returned, now that we were no longer insight of land.
for days and days it continued just the same, one daybeing exactly like another, and, to me, every one of them pleasant.
atlast we anchored in the open roadstead of funchal, in the beautifulislands we call the madeiras.
the mountains looked surpassingly lovely, clad as they were in living,green; ribbed with lava ridges; flecked with white cottages; riven bydeep chasms purple with shade; the great slopes dashed with sunshine andmottled with shadows flung from the drifting squadrons of the sky, andthe superb picture fitly crowned by towering peaks whose fronts wereswept by the trailing fringes of the clouds.
but we could not land.
we staid all day and looked, we abused the manwho invented quarantine, we held half a dozen mass-meetings and crammedthem full of interrupted speeches, motions that fell still-born,amendments that came to nought and resolutions that died from sheerexhaustion in trying to get before the house.
at night we set sail.
we averaged four mass-meetings a week for the voyage--we seemed always inlabor in this way, and yet so often fallaciously that whenever at longintervals we were safely delivered of a resolution, it was cause forpublic rejoicing, and we hoisted the flag and fired a salute.
days passed--and nights; and then the beautiful bermudas rose out of thesea, we entered the tortuous channel, steamed hither and thither amongthe bright summer islands, and rested at last under the flag of englandand were welcome.
we were not a nightmare here, where were civilizationand intelligence in place of spanish and italian superstition, dirt anddread of cholera.
a few days among the breezy groves, the flowergardens, the coral caves, and the lovely vistas of blue water that wentcurving in and out, disappearing and anon again appearing through junglewalls of brilliant foliage, restored the energies dulled by long drowsingon the ocean, and fitted us for our final cruise--our little run of athousand miles to new york--america--home.
we bade good-bye to "our friends the bermudians," as our programme hathit--the majority of those we were most intimate with were negroes--andcourted the great deep again.
i said the majority.
we knew more negroesthan white people, because we had a deal of washing to be done, but wemade some most excellent friends among the whites, whom it will be apleasant duty to hold long in grateful remembrance.
we sailed, and from that hour all idling ceased.
such another system ofoverhauling, general littering of cabins and packing of trunks we had notseen since we let go the anchor in the harbor of beirout.
every body wasbusy.
lists of all purchases had to be made out, and values attached, tofacilitate matters at the custom-house.
purchases bought by bulk inpartnership had to be equitably divided, outstanding debts canceled,accounts compared, and trunks, boxes and packages labeled.
all day longthe bustle and confusion continued.
and now came our first accident.
a passenger was running through agangway, between decks, one stormy night, when he caught his foot in theiron staple of a door that had been heedlessly left off a hatchway, andthe bones of his leg broke at the ancle.
it was our first seriousmisfortune.
we had traveled much more than twenty thousand miles, byland and sea, in many trying climates, without a single hurt, without aserious case of sickness and without a death among five and sixtypassengers.
our good fortune had been wonderful.
a sailor had jumpedoverboard at constantinople one night, and was seen no more, but it wassuspected that his object was to desert, and there was a slim chance, atleast, that he reached the shore.
but the passenger list was complete.
there was no name missing from the register.
at last, one pleasant morning, we steamed up the harbor of new york, allon deck, all dressed in christian garb--by special order, for there was alatent disposition in some quarters to come out as turks--and amid awaving of handkerchiefs from welcoming friends, the glad pilgrims notedthe shiver of the decks that told that ship and pier had joined handsagain and the long, strange cruise was over.
in this place i will print an article which i wrote for the new yorkherald the night we arrived.
i do it partly because my contract with mypublishers makes it compulsory; partly because it is a proper, tolerablyaccurate, and exhaustive summing up of the cruise of the ship and theperformances of the pilgrims in foreign lands; and partly because some ofthe passengers have abused me for writing it, and i wish the public tosee how thankless a task it is to put one's self to trouble to glorifyunappreciative people.
i was charged with "rushing into print" withthese compliments.
i did not rush.
i had written news letters to theherald sometimes, but yet when i visited the office that day i did notsay any thing about writing a valedictory.
i did go to the tribuneoffice to see if such an article was wanted, because i belonged on theregular staff of that paper and it was simply a duty to do it.
themanaging editor was absent, and so i thought no more about it.
at nightwhen the herald's request came for an article, i did not "rush."
infact, i demurred for a while, because i did not feel like writingcompliments then, and therefore was afraid to speak of the cruise lest imight be betrayed into using other than complimentary language.
however,i reflected that it would be a just and righteous thing to go down andwrite a kind word for the hadjis--hadjis are people who have made thepilgrimage--because parties not interested could not do it so feelinglyas i, a fellow-hadji, and so i penned the valedictory.
i have read it,and read it again; and if there is a sentence in it that is not fulsomelycomplimentary to captain, ship and passengers, i can not find it.
if itis not a chapter that any company might be proud to have a body writeabout them, my judgment is fit for nothing.
with these remarks iconfidently submit it to the unprejudiced judgment of the reader:     return of the holy land excursionists--the story of the cruise.
to the editor of the herald:     the steamer quaker city has accomplished at last her extraordinary     voyage and returned to her old pier at the foot of wall street.
the expedition was a success in some respects, in some it was not.
originally it was advertised as a "pleasure excursion."
well,     perhaps, it was a pleasure excursion, but certainly it did not look     like one; certainly it did not act like one.
any body's and every     body's notion of a pleasure excursion is that the parties to it will     of a necessity be young and giddy and somewhat boisterous.
they     will dance a good deal, sing a good deal, make love, but sermonize     very little.
any body's and every body's notion of a well conducted     funeral is that there must be a hearse and a corpse, and chief     mourners and mourners by courtesy, many old people, much solemnity,     no levity, and a prayer and a sermon withal.
three-fourths of the     quaker city's passengers were between forty and seventy years of     age!
there was a picnic crowd for you!
it may be supposed that the     other fourth was composed of young girls.
but it was not.
it was     chiefly composed of rusty old bachelors and a child of six years.
let us average the ages of the quaker city's pilgrims and set the     figure down as fifty years.
is any man insane enough to imagine     that this picnic of patriarchs sang, made love, danced, laughed,     told anecdotes, dealt in ungodly levity?
in my experience they     sinned little in these matters.
no doubt it was presumed here at     home that these frolicsome veterans laughed and sang and romped all     day, and day after day, and kept up a noisy excitement from one end     of the ship to the other; and that they played blind-man's buff or     danced quadrilles and waltzes on moonlight evenings on the     quarter-deck; and that at odd moments of unoccupied time they jotted     a laconic item or two in the journals they opened on such an     elaborate plan when they left home, and then skurried off to their     whist and euchre labors under the cabin lamps.
if these things were     presumed, the presumption was at fault.
the venerable excursionists     were not gay and frisky.
they played no blind-man's buff; they     dealt not in whist; they shirked not the irksome journal, for alas!
most of them were even writing books.
they never romped, they     talked but little, they never sang, save in the nightly     prayer-meeting.
the pleasure ship was a synagogue, and the pleasure     trip was a funeral excursion without a corpse.
(there is nothing     exhilarating about a funeral excursion without a corpse.)
a free,     hearty laugh was a sound that was not heard oftener than once in     seven days about those decks or in those cabins, and when it was     heard it met with precious little sympathy.
the excursionists     danced, on three separate evenings, long, long ago, (it seems an     age.)
quadrilles, of a single set, made up of three ladies and five     gentlemen, (the latter with handkerchiefs around their arms to     signify their sex.)
who timed their feet to the solemn wheezing of a     melodeon; but even this melancholy orgie was voted to be sinful, and     dancing was discontinued.
the pilgrims played dominoes when too much josephus or robinson's     holy land researches, or book-writing, made recreation necessary     --for dominoes is about as mild and sinless a game as any in the     world, perhaps, excepting always the ineffably insipid diversion     they call croquet, which is a game where you don't pocket any balls     and don't carom on any thing of any consequence, and when you are     done nobody has to pay, and there are no refreshments to saw off,     and, consequently, there isn't any satisfaction whatever about it     --they played dominoes till they were rested, and then they     blackguarded each other privately till prayer-time.
when they were     not seasick they were uncommonly prompt when the dinner-gong     sounded.
such was our daily life on board the ship--solemnity,     decorum, dinner, dominoes, devotions, slander.
it was not lively     enough for a pleasure trip; but if we had only had a corpse it would     have made a noble funeral excursion.
it is all over now; but when i     look back, the idea of these venerable fossils skipping forth on a     six months' picnic, seems exquisitely refreshing.
the advertised     title of the expedition--"the grand holy land pleasure excursion"     --was a misnomer.
"the grand holy land funeral procession" would have     been better--much better.
wherever we went, in europe, asia, or africa, we made a sensation,     and, i suppose i may add, created a famine.
none of us had ever     been any where before; we all hailed from the interior; travel was a     wild novelty to us, and we conducted ourselves in accordance with     the natural instincts that were in us, and trammeled ourselves with     no ceremonies, no conventionalities.
we always took care to make it     understood that we were americans--americans!
when we found that a     good many foreigners had hardly ever heard of america, and that a     good many more knew it only as a barbarous province away off     somewhere, that had lately been at war with somebody, we pitied the     ignorance of the old world, but abated no jot of our importance.
many and many a simple community in the eastern hemisphere will     remember for years the incursion of the strange horde in the year of     our lord 1867, that called themselves americans, and seemed to     imagine in some unaccountable way that they had a right to be proud     of it.
we generally created a famine, partly because the coffee on     the quaker city was unendurable, and sometimes the more substantial     fare was not strictly first class; and partly because one naturally     tires of sitting long at the same board and eating from the same     dishes.
the people of those foreign countries are very, very ignorant.
they     looked curiously at the costumes we had brought from the wilds of     america.
they observed that we talked loudly at table sometimes.
they noticed that we looked out for expenses, and got what we     conveniently could out of a franc, and wondered where in the     mischief we came from.
in paris they just simply opened their eyes     and stared when we spoke to them in french!
we never did succeed in     making those idiots understand their own language.
one of our     passengers said to a shopkeeper, in reference to a proposed return     to buy a pair of gloves, "allong restay trankeel--may be ve coom     moonday;" and would you believe it, that shopkeeper, a born     frenchman, had to ask what it was that had been said.
sometimes it     seems to me, somehow, that there must be a difference between     parisian french and quaker city french.
the people stared at us every where, and we stared at them.
we     generally made them feel rather small, too, before we got done with     them, because we bore down on them with america's greatness until we     crushed them.
and yet we took kindly to the manners and customs,     and especially to the fashions of the various people we visited.
when we left the azores, we wore awful capotes and used fine tooth     combs--successfully.
when we came back from tangier, in africa, we     were topped with fezzes of the bloodiest hue, hung with tassels like     an indian's scalp-lock.
in france and spain we attracted some     attention in these costumes.
in italy they naturally took us for     distempered garibaldians, and set a gunboat to look for any thing     significant in our changes of uniform.
we made rome howl.
we could     have made any place howl when we had all our clothes on.
we got no     fresh raiment in greece--they had but little there of any kind.
but     at constantinople, how we turned out!
turbans, scimetars, fezzes,     horse-pistols, tunics, sashes, baggy trowsers, yellow slippers--oh,     we were gorgeous!
the illustrious dogs of constantinople barked     their under jaws off, and even then failed to do us justice.
they     are all dead by this time.
they could not go through such a run of     business as we gave them and survive.
and then we went to see the emperor of russia.
we just called on     him as comfortably as if we had known him a century or so, and when     we had finished our visit we variegated ourselves with selections     from russian costumes and sailed away again more picturesque than     ever.
in smyrna we picked up camel's hair shawls and other dressy     things from persia; but in palestine--ah, in palestine--our splendid     career ended.
they didn't wear any clothes there to speak of.
we     were satisfied, and stopped.
we made no experiments.
we did not     try their costume.
but we astonished the natives of that country.
we astonished them with such eccentricities of dress as we could     muster.
we prowled through the holy land, from cesarea philippi to     jerusalem and the dead sea, a weird procession of pilgrims, gotten     up regardless of expense, solemn, gorgeous, green-spectacled,     drowsing under blue umbrellas, and astride of a sorrier lot of     horses, camels and asses than those that came out of noah's ark,     after eleven months of seasickness and short rations.
if ever those     children of israel in palestine forget when gideon's band went     through there from america, they ought to be cursed once more and     finished.
it was the rarest spectacle that ever astounded mortal     eyes, perhaps.
well, we were at home in palestine.
it was easy to see that that     was the grand feature of the expedition.
we had cared nothing much     about europe.
we galloped through the louvre, the pitti, the     ufizzi, the vatican--all the galleries--and through the pictured and     frescoed churches of venice, naples, and the cathedrals of spain;     some of us said that certain of the great works of the old masters     were glorious creations of genius, (we found it out in the     guide-book, though we got hold of the wrong picture sometimes,) and     the others said they were disgraceful old daubs.
we examined modern     and ancient statuary with a critical eye in florence, rome, or any     where we found it, and praised it if we saw fit, and if we didn't we     said we preferred the wooden indians in front of the cigar stores of     america.
but the holy land brought out all our enthusiasm.
we fell     into raptures by the barren shores of galilee; we pondered at tabor     and at nazareth; we exploded into poetry over the questionable     loveliness of esdraelon; we meditated at jezreel and samaria over     the missionary zeal of jehu; we rioted--fairly rioted among the holy     places of jerusalem; we bathed in jordan and the dead sea, reckless     whether our accident-insurance policies were extra-hazardous or not,     and brought away so many jugs of precious water from both places     that all the country from jericho to the mountains of moab will     suffer from drouth this year, i think.
yet, the pilgrimage part of     the excursion was its pet feature--there is no question about that.
after dismal, smileless palestine, beautiful egypt had few charms     for us.
we merely glanced at it and were ready for home.
they wouldn't let us land at malta--quarantine; they would not let     us land in sardinia; nor at algiers, africa; nor at malaga, spain,     nor cadiz, nor at the madeira islands.
so we got offended at all     foreigners and turned our backs upon them and came home.
i suppose     we only stopped at the bermudas because they were in the programme.
we did not care any thing about any place at all.
we wanted to go     home.
homesickness was abroad in the ship--it was epidemic.
if the     authorities of new york had known how badly we had it, they would     have quarantined us here.
the grand pilgrimage is over.
good-bye to it, and a pleasant memory     to it, i am able to say in all kindness.
i bear no malice, no     ill-will toward any individual that was connected with it, either as     passenger or officer.
things i did not like at all yesterday i like     very well to-day, now that i am at home, and always hereafter i     shall be able to poke fun at the whole gang if the spirit so moves     me to do, without ever saying a malicious word.
the expedition     accomplished all that its programme promised that it should     accomplish, and we ought all to be satisfied with the management of     the matter, certainly.
i call that complimentary.
it is complimentary; and yet i never havereceived a word of thanks for it from the hadjis; on the contrary i speaknothing but the serious truth when i say that many of them even tookexceptions to the article.
in endeavoring to please them i slaved overthat sketch for two hours, and had my labor for my pains.
i never willdo a generous deed again.
nearly one year has flown since this notable pilgrimage was ended; and asi sit here at home in san francisco thinking, i am moved to confess thatday by day the mass of my memories of the excursion have grown more andmore pleasant as the disagreeable incidents of travel which encumberedthem flitted one by one out of my mind--and now, if the quaker city wereweighing her anchor to sail away on the very same cruise again, nothingcould gratify me more than to be a passenger.
with the same captain andeven the same pilgrims, the same sinners.
i was on excellent terms witheight or nine of the excursionists (they are my staunch friends yet,) andwas even on speaking terms with the rest of the sixty-five.
i have beenat sea quite enough to know that that was a very good average.
because along sea-voyage not only brings out all the mean traits one has, andexaggerates them, but raises up others which he never suspected hepossessed, and even creates new ones.
a twelve months' voyage at seawould make of an ordinary man a very miracle of meanness.
on the otherhand, if a man has good qualities, the spirit seldom moves him to exhibitthem on shipboard, at least with any sort of emphasis.
now i amsatisfied that our pilgrims are pleasant old people on shore; i am alsosatisfied that at sea on a second voyage they would be pleasanter,somewhat, than they were on our grand excursion, and so i say withouthesitation that i would be glad enough to sail with them again.
i couldat least enjoy life with my handful of old friends.
they could enjoylife with their cliques as well--passengers invariably divide up intocliques, on all ships.
and i will say, here, that i would rather travel with an excursion partyof methuselahs than have to be changing ships and comrades constantly, aspeople do who travel in the ordinary way.
those latter are alwaysgrieving over some other ship they have known and lost, and over othercomrades whom diverging routes have separated from them.
they learn tolove a ship just in time to change it for another, and they becomeattached to a pleasant traveling companion only to lose him.
they havethat most dismal experience of being in a strange vessel, among strangepeople who care nothing about them, and of undergoing the customarybullying by strange officers and the insolence of strange servants,repeated over and over again within the compass of every month.
theyhave also that other misery of packing and unpacking trunks--of runningthe distressing gauntlet of custom-houses--of the anxieties attendantupon getting a mass of baggage from point to point on land in safety.
i had rasher sail with a whole brigade of patriarchs than suffer so.
we never packed our trunks but twice--when we sailed from new york, andwhen we returned to it.
whenever we made a land journey, we estimatedhow many days we should be gone and what amount of clothing we shouldneed, figured it down to a mathematical nicety, packed a valise or twoaccordingly, and left the trunks on board.
we chose our comrades fromamong our old, tried friends, and started.
we were never dependent uponstrangers for companionship.
we often had occasion to pity americanswhom we found traveling drearily among strangers with no friends toexchange pains and pleasures with.
whenever we were coming back from aland journey, our eyes sought one thing in the distance first--the ship--and when we saw it riding at anchor with the flag apeak, we felt as areturning wanderer feels when he sees his home.
when we stepped onboard, our cares vanished, our troubles were at an end--for the ship washome to us.
we always had the same familiar old state-room to go to, andfeel safe and at peace and comfortable again.
i have no fault to find with the manner in which our excursion wasconducted.
its programme was faithfully carried out--a thing whichsurprised me, for great enterprises usually promise vastly more than theyperform.
it would be well if such an excursion could be gotten up everyyear and the system regularly inaugurated.
travel is fatal to prejudice,bigotry and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely onthese accounts.
broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one'slifetime.
the excursion is ended, and has passed to its place among the things thatwere.
but its varied scenes and its manifold incidents will lingerpleasantly in our memories for many a year to come.
always on the wing,as we were, and merely pausing a moment to catch fitful glimpses of thewonders of half a world, we could not hope to receive or retain vividimpressions of all it was our fortune to see.
yet our holyday flight hasnot been in vain--for above the confusion of vague recollections, certainof its best prized pictures lift themselves and will still continueperfect in tint and outline after their surroundings shall have fadedaway.
we shall remember something of pleasant france; and something also ofparis, though it flashed upon us a splendid meteor, and was gone again,we hardly knew how or where.
we shall remember, always, how we sawmajestic gibraltar glorified with the rich coloring of a spanish sunsetand swimming in a sea of rainbows.
in fancy we shall see milan again,and her stately cathedral with its marble wilderness of graceful spires.
and padua--verona--como, jeweled with stars; and patrician venice, afloaton her stagnant flood--silent, desolate, haughty--scornful of her humbledstate--wrapping herself in memories of her lost fleets, of battle andtriumph, and all the pageantry of a glory that is departed.
we can not forget florence--naples--nor the foretaste of heaven that isin the delicious atmosphere of greece--and surely not athens and thebroken temples of the acropolis.
surely not venerable rome--nor thegreen plain that compasses her round about, contrasting its brightnesswith her gray decay--nor the ruined arches that stand apart in the plainand clothe their looped and windowed raggedness with vines.
we shallremember st. peter's: not as one sees it when he walks the streets ofrome and fancies all her domes are just alike, but as he sees it leaguesaway, when every meaner edifice has faded out of sight and that one domelooms superbly up in the flush of sunset, full of dignity and grace,strongly outlined as a mountain.
we shall remember constantinople and the bosporus--the colossalmagnificence of baalbec--the pyramids of egypt--the prodigious form, thebenignant countenance of the sphynx--oriental smyrna--sacred jerusalem--damascus, the "pearl of the east," the pride of syria, the fabled gardenof eden, the home of princes and genii of the arabian nights, the oldestmetropolis on earth, the one city in all the world that has kept its nameand held its place and looked serenely on while the kingdoms and empiresof four thousand years have risen to life, enjoyed their little season ofpride and pomp, and then vanished and been forgotten!
