the starting point of this lecturing-trip around the world was paris,where we had been living a year or two.
we sailed for america, and there made certain preparations.
this tookbut little time.
two members of my family elected to go with me.
the dictionary says a carbuncle is a kind of jewel.
humor isout of place in a dictionary.
we started westward from new york in midsummer, with major pond to managethe platform-business as far as the pacific.
it was warm work, all theway, and the last fortnight of it was suffocatingly smoky, for in oregonand british columbia the forest fires were raging.
we had an added weekof smoke at the seaboard, where we were obliged to wait awhile for ourship.
she had been getting herself ashore in the smoke, and she had to bedockedand repaired.
we sailed at last; and so ended a snail-paced march acrossthe continent, which had lasted forty days.
we moved westward about mid-afternoon over a rippled and sparkling summersea; an enticing sea, a clean and cool sea, and apparently a welcome seato all on board; it certainly was to me, after the distressful dustingsand smokings and swelterings of the past weeks.
the voyage would furnisha three-weeks holiday, with hardly a break in it.
we had the wholepacific ocean infront of us, with nothing to do but do nothing and be comfortable.
thecity of victoria was twinkling dim in the deep heart of her smoke-cloud,and getting ready to vanish and now we closed the field-glasses and satdown on our steamer chairs contented and at peace.
but they went towreck and ruin under us and brought us to shame before all thepassengers.
they had been furnished by the largest furniture-dealinghouse in victoria, and were worth a couple of farthings a dozen, thoughthey had cost us the price of honest chairs.
in the pacific and indianoceans one must still bring his own deck-chair on board or go without,just as in the old forgotten atlantic times--those dark ages of seatravel.
ours was a reasonably comfortable ship, with the customary sea-going fare--plenty of good food furnished by the deity and cooked by the devil.
the discipline observable on board was perhaps as good as it is anywherein the pacific and indian oceans.
the ship was not very well arrangedfor tropical service; but that is nothing, for this is the rule for shipswhich ply in the tropics.
she had an over-supply of cockroaches, butthis is also the rule with ships doing business in the summer seas--atleast such as have been long in service.
our young captain was a veryhandsome man, tall and perfectly formed, the very figure to show up asmart uniform's finest effects.
he was a man of the best intentions andwas polite and courteous even to courtliness.
there was a soft grace andfinish about his manners which made whatever place he happened to be inseem for the moment a drawing room.
he avoided the smoking room.
he hadno vices.
he did not smoke or chew tobacco or take snuff; he did notswear, or use slang or rude, or coarse, or indelicate language, or makepuns, or tell anecdotes, or laugh intemperately, or raise his voice abovethe moderate pitch enjoined by the canons of good form.
when he gave anorder, his manner modified it into a request.
after dinner he and hisofficers joined the ladies and gentlemen in the ladies' saloon, andshared in the singing and piano playing, and helped turn the music.
hehad a sweet and sympathetic tenor voice, and used it with taste andeffect.
after the music he played whist there, always with the samepartnerand opponents, until the ladies' bedtime.
the electric lights burnedthereas late as the ladies and their friends might desire; but they were notallowed to burn in the smoking-room after eleven.
there were many lawson the ship's statute book of course; but so far as i could see, this andone other were the only ones that were rigidly enforced.
the captainexplained that he enforced this one because his own cabin adjoined thesmoking-room, and the smell of tobacco smoke made him sick.
i did notsee how our smoke could reach him, for the smoking-room and his cabinwere on the upper deck, targets for all the winds that blew; and besidesthere was no crack of communication between them, no opening of any sortin the solid intervening bulkhead.
still, to a delicate stomach evenimaginary smoke can convey damage.
the captain, with his gentle nature, his polish, his sweetness, his moraland verbal purity, seemed pathetically out of place in his rude andautocratic vocation.
it seemed another instance of the irony of fate.
he was going home under a cloud.
the passengers knew about his trouble,and were sorry for him.
approaching vancouver through a narrow anddifficult passage densely befogged with smoke from the forest fires, hehad had the ill-luck to lose his bearings and get his ship on the rocks.
a matter like this would rank merely as an error with you and me; itranks as a crime with the directors of steamship companies.
the captainhad been tried by the admiralty court at vancouver, and its verdict hadacquitted him of blame.
but that was insufficient comfort.
a sternercourt would examine the case in sydney--the court of directors, the lordsof a company in whose ships the captain had served as mate a number ofyears.
this was his first voyage as captain.
the officers of our ship were hearty and companionable young men, andthey entered into the general amusements and helped the passengers passthe time.
voyages in the pacific and indian oceans are but pleasureexcursions for all hands.
our purser was a young scotchman who wasequipped with a grit that was remarkable.
he was an invalid, and lookedit, as far as his body was concerned, but illness could not subdue hisspirit.
he was full of life, and had a gay and capable tongue.
to allappearances he was a sick man without being aware of it, for he did nottalk about his ailments, and his bearing and conduct were those of aperson in robust health; yet he was the prey, at intervals, of ghastlysieges of pain in his heart.
these lasted many hours, and while theattack continued he could neither sit nor lie.
in one instance he stoodon his feet twenty-four hours fighting for his life with these sharpagonies, and yet was as full of life and cheer and activitythe next day as if nothing had happened.
the brightest passenger in the ship, and the most interesting andfelicitous talker, was a young canadian who was not able to let thewhisky bottle alone.
he was of a rich and powerful family, and could havehad a distinguished career and abundance of effective help toward it ifhe could have conquered his appetite for drink; but he could not do it,so his great equipment of talent was of no use to him.
he had often takenthe pledge to drink no more, and was a good sample of what that sort ofunwisdom can do for a man--for a man with anything short of an iron will.
the system is wrong in two ways: it does not strike at the root of thetrouble, for one thing, and to make a pledge of any kind is to declarewar against nature; for a pledge is a chain that is always clanking andreminding the wearer of it that he is not a free man.
i have said that the system does not strike at the root of the trouble,and i venture to repeat that.
the root is not the drinking, but thedesire to drink.
these are very different things.
the one merelyrequires will--and a great deal of it, both as to bulk and stayingcapacity--the other merely requires watchfulness--and for no long time.
the desire of course precedes the act, and should have one's firstattention; it can do but little good to refuse the act over and overagain, always leaving the desire unmolested, unconquered; the desire willcontinue to assert itself, and will be almost sure to win in the longrun.
when the desire intrudes, it should be at once banished out of themind.
one should be on the watch for it all the time--otherwise it willget in.
it must be taken in time and not allowed to get a lodgment.
adesire constantly repulsed for a fortnight should die, then.
that shouldcure the drinking habit.
the system of refusing the mere act ofdrinking, and leaving the desire in full force, is unintelligent wartactics, it seems to me.
i used to take pledges--and soon violate them.
my will was not strong, and i could not help it.
and then, to be tied inany way naturally irks an otherwise free person and makes him chafe inhis bonds and want to get his liberty.
but when i finally ceased fromtaking definite pledges, and merely resolved that i would kill aninjurious desire, but leave myself free to resume the desire and thehabit whenever i should choose to do so, i had no more trouble.
in fivedays i drove out the desire to smoke and was not obliged to keep watchafter that; and i never experienced any strong desire to smoke again.
atthe end of a year and a quarter of idleness i began to write a book, andpresently found that the pen was strangely reluctant to go.
i tried asmoke to see if that would help me out of the difficulty.
ismoked eight or ten cigars and as many pipes a day for five months;finished the book, and did not smoke again until a year had gone by andanother book had to be begun.
i can quit any of my nineteen injurious habits at any time, and withoutdiscomfort or inconvenience.
i think that the dr. tanners and thoseothers who go forty days without eating do it by resolutely keeping outthe desire to eat, in the beginning, and that after a few hours thedesire is discouraged and comes no more.
once i tried my scheme in a large medical way.
i had been confined to mybed several days with lumbago.
my case refused to improve.
finally thedoctor said,--"my remedies have no fair chance.
consider what they have to fight,besides the lumbago.
you smoke extravagantly, don't you?"
"you take coffee immoderately?"
"and some tea?"
"you eat all kinds of things that are dissatisfied with each other'scompany?"
"you drink two hot scotches every night?"
"very well, there you see what i have to contend against.
we can't makeprogress the way the matter stands.
you must make a reduction in thesethings; you must cut down your consumption of them considerably for somedays."
"i can't, doctor."
"why can't you."
"i lack the will-power.
i can cut them off entirely, but i can't merelymoderate them."
he said that that would answer, and said he would come around intwenty-four hours and begin work again.
he was taken ill himself andcould not come; but i did not need him.
i cut off all those things fortwo days and nights; in fact, i cut off all kinds of food, too, and alldrinks except water, and at the end of the forty-eight hours the lumbagowas discouraged and left me.
i was a well man; so i gave thanks and tookto those delicacies again.
it seemed a valuable medical course, and i recommended it to a lady.
shehad run down and down and down, and had at last reached a point wheremedicines no longer had any helpful effect upon her.
i said i knew icould put her upon her feet in a week.
it brightened her up, it filledher with hope, and she said she would do everything i told her to do.
soi said she must stop swearing and drinking, and smoking and eating forfour days, and then she would be all right again.
and it would havehappened just so, i know it; but she said she could not stop swearing,and smoking, and drinking, because she had never done those things.
sothere it was.
she had neglected her habits, and hadn't any.
now thatthey would have come good, there were none in stock.
she had nothing tofall back on.
she was a sinking vessel, with no freight in her to throwoverboard and lighten ship withal.
why, even one or two little badhabitscould have saved her, but she was just a moral pauper.
when she couldhaveacquired them she was dissuaded by her parents, who were ignorant peoplethough reared in the best society, and it was too late to begin now.
itseemed such a pity; but there was no help for it.
these things ought tobe attended to while a person is young; otherwise, when age and diseasecome, there is nothing effectual to fight them with.
when i was a youth i used to take all kinds of pledges, and do my best tokeep them, but i never could, because i didn't strike at the root of thehabit--the desire; i generally broke down within the month.
once i triedlimiting a habit.
that worked tolerably well for a while.
i pledgedmyself to smoke but one cigar a day.
i kept the cigar waiting untilbedtime, then i had a luxurious time with it.
but desire persecuted meevery day and all day long; so, within the week i found myself huntingfor larger cigars than i had been used to smoke; then larger ones still,and still larger ones.
within the fortnight i was getting cigars madefor me--on a yet larger pattern.
they still grew and grew in size.
within the month my cigar had grown to such proportions that i could haveused it as a crutch.
it now seemed to me that a one-cigar limit was noreal protection to a person, so i knocked my pledge on the head andresumed my liberty.
to go back to that young canadian.
he was a "remittance man," the firstone i had ever seen or heard of.
passengers explained the term to me.
they said that dissipated ne'er-do-weels belonging to important familiesin england and canada were not cast off by their people while there wasany hope of reforming them, but when that last hope perished at last, thene'er-do-weel was sent abroad to get him out of the way.
he was shippedoff with just enough money in his pocket--no, in the purser's pocket--forthe needs of the voyage--and when he reached his destined port he wouldfind a remittance awaiting him there.
not a large one, but just enoughto keep him a month.
a similar remittance would come monthly thereafter.
it was the remittance-man's custom to pay his month's board and lodgingstraightway--a duty which his landlord did not allow him to forget--thenspree away the rest of his money in a single night, then brood and mopeand grieve in idleness till the next remittance came.
it is a patheticlife.
we had other remittance-men on board, it was said.
at least they saidthey were r. m.'s.
there were two.
but they did not resemble thecanadian; they lacked his tidiness, and his brains, and his gentlemanlyways, and his resolute spirit, and his humanities and generosities.
oneof them was a lad of nineteen or twenty, and he was a good deal of aruin, as to clothes, and morals, and general aspect.
he said he was ascion of a ducal house in england, and had been shipped to canada for thehouse's relief, that he had fallen into trouble there, and was now beingshipped to australia.
he said he had no title.
beyond this remark hewas economical of the truth.
the first thing he did in australia was toget into the lockup, and the next thing he did was to proclaim himself anearl in the police court in the morning and fail to prove it.
about four days out from victoria we plunged into hot weather, and allthe male passengers put on white linen clothes.
one or two days later wecrossed the 25th parallel of north latitude, and then, by order, theofficers of the ship laid away their blue uniforms and came out in whitelinen ones.
all the ladies were in white by this time.
this prevalenceof snowy costumes gave the promenade deck an invitingly cool, andcheerful and picnicky aspect.
from my diary:there are several sorts of ills in the world from which a person cannever escape altogether, let him journey as far as he will.
one escapesfrom one breed of an ill only to encounter another breed of it.
we havecome far from the snake liar and the fish liar, and there was rest andpeace in the thought; but now we have reached the realm of the boomerangliar, and sorrow is with us once more.
the first officer has seen a mantry to escape from his enemy by getting behind a tree; but the enemy senthis boomerang sailing into the sky far above and beyond the tree; then itturned, descended, and killed the man.
the australian passenger has seenthis thing done to two men, behind two trees--and by the one arrow.
thisbeing received with a large silence that suggested doubt, he buttressedit with the statement that his brother once saw the boomerang kill a birdaway off a hundred yards and bring it to the thrower.
but these are illswhich must be borne.
there is no other way.
the talk passed from the boomerang to dreams--usually a fruitful subject,afloat or ashore--but this time the output was poor.
then it passed toinstances of extraordinary memory--with better results.
blind tom, thenegro pianist, was spoken of, and it was said that he could accuratelyplay any piece of music, howsoever long and difficult, after hearing itonce; and that six months later he could accurately play it again,without having touched it in the interval.
one of the most striking ofthe stories told was furnished by a gentleman who had served on the staffof the viceroy of india.
he read the details from his note-book, andexplained that he had written them down, right after the consummation ofthe incident which they described, because he thought that if he did notput them down in black and white he might presently come to think he haddreamed them or invented them.
the viceroy was making a progress, and among the shows offered by themaharajah of mysore for his entertainment was a memory-exhibition.
the viceroy and thirty gentlemen of his suite sat in a row, and thememory-expert, a high-caste brahmin, was brought in and seated on thefloor in front of them.
he said he knew but two languages, the englishand his own, but would not exclude any foreign tongue from the tests tobe applied to his memory.
then he laid before the assemblage his program--a sufficiently extraordinary one.
he proposed that one gentlemanshould give him one word of a foreign sentence, and tell him its place inthe sentence.
he was furnished with the french word 'est', and was toldit was second in a sentence of three words.
the next gentleman gave himthe german word 'verloren' and said it was the third in a sentence offour words.
he asked the next gentleman for one detail in a sum inaddition; another for one detail in a sum of subtraction; others forsingle details in mathematical problems of various kinds; he got them.
intermediates gave him single words from sentences in greek, latin,spanish, portuguese, italian, and other languages, and told him theirplaces in the sentences.
when at last everybody had furnished him asingle rag from a foreign sentence or a figure from a problem, he wentover the ground again, and got a second word and a second figure and wastold their places in the sentences and the sums; and so on and so on.
hewent over the ground again and again until he had collected all the partsof the sums and all the parts of the sentences--and all in disorder, ofcourse, not in their proper rotation.
this had occupied two hours.
the brahmin now sat silent and thinking, a while, then began and repeatedall the sentences, placing the words in their proper order, and untangledthe disordered arithmetical problems and gave accurate answers to themall.
in the beginning he had asked the company to throw almonds at him duringthe two hours, he to remember how many each gentleman had thrown; butnone were thrown, for the viceroy said that the test would be asufficiently severe strain without adding that burden to it.
general grant had a fine memory for all kinds of things, including evennames and faces, and i could have furnished an instance of it if i hadthought of it.
the first time i ever saw him was early in his first termas president.
i had just arrived in washington from the pacific coast, astranger and wholly unknown to the public, and was passing the whitehouse one morning when i met a friend, a senator from nevada.
he askedme if i would like to see the president.
i said i should be very glad;so we entered.
i supposed that the president would be in the midst of acrowd, and that i could look at him in peace and security from adistance, as another stray cat might look at another king.
but it was inthe morning, and the senator was using a privilege of his office which ihad not heard of--the privilege of intruding upon the chief magistrate'sworking hours.
before i knew it, the senator and i were in the presence,and there was none there but we three.
general grant got slowly up fromhis table, put his pen down, and stood before me with the iron expressionof a man who had not smiled for seven years, and was not intending tosmile for another seven.
he looked me steadily in the eyes--mine lostconfidence and fell.
i had never confronted a great man before, and wasin a miserable state of funk and inefficiency.
the senator said:--"mr. president, may i have the privilege of introducing mr.
the president gave my hand an unsympathetic wag and dropped it.
he didnot say a word but just stood.
in my trouble i could not think ofanything to say, i merely wanted to resign.
there was an awkward pause,a dreary pause, a horrible pause.
then i thought of something, andlooked up into that unyielding face, and said timidly:--"mr. president, i--i am embarrassed.
his face broke--just a little--a wee glimmer, the momentary flicker of asummer-lightning smile, seven years ahead of time--and i was out and goneas soon as it was.
ten years passed away before i saw him the second time.
meantime i wasbecome better known; and was one of the people appointed to respond totoasts at the banquet given to general grant in chicago--by the army ofthe tennessee when he came back from his tour around the world.
iarrived late at night and got up late in the morning.
all the corridorsof the hotel were crowded with people waiting to get a glimpse of generalgrant when he should pass to the place whence he was to review the greatprocession.
i worked my way by the suite of packed drawing-rooms, and atthe corner of the house i found a window open where there was a roomyplatform decorated with flags, and carpeted.
i stepped out on it, andsaw below me millions of people blocking all the streets, and othermillions caked together in all the windows and on all the house-topsaround.
these masses took me for general grant, and broke into volcanicexplosions and cheers; but it was a good place to see the procession, andi stayed.
presently i heard the distant blare of military music, and farup the street i saw the procession come in sight, cleaving its waythrough the huzzaing multitudes, with sheridan, the most martialfigure of the war, riding at its head in the dress uniform of alieutenant-general.
and now general grant, arm-in-arm with major carter harrison, stepped outon the platform, followed two and two by the badged and uniformedreception committee.
general grant was looking exactly as he had lookedupon that trying occasion of ten years before--all iron and bronzeself-possession.
mr. harrison came over and led me to the general andformally introduced me.
before i could put together the proper remark,general grant said--"mr. clemens, i am not embarrassed.
--and that littleseven-year smile twinkled across his face again.
seventeen years have gone by since then, and to-day, in new york, thestreets are a crush of people who are there to honor the remains of thegreat soldier as they pass to their final resting-place under themonument; and the air is heavy with dirges and the boom of artillery, andall the millions of america are thinking of the man who restored theunion and the flag, and gave to democratic government a new lease oflife, and, as we may hope and do believe, a permanent place among thebeneficent institutions of men.
we had one game in the ship which was a good time-passer--at least it wasat night in the smoking-room when the men were getting freshened up fromthe day's monotonies and dullnesses.
it was the completing ofnon-complete stories.
that is to say, a man would tell all of a storyexcept the finish, then the others would try to supply the ending out oftheir own invention.
when every one who wanted a chance had had it, theman who had introduced the story would give it its original ending--thenyou could take your choice.
sometimes the new endings turned out to bebetter than the old one.
but the story which called out the mostpersistent and determined and ambitious effort was one which had noending, and so there was nothing to compare the new-made endings with.
the man who told it said he could furnish the particulars up to a certainpoint only, because that was as much of the tale as he knew.
he had readit in a volume of sketches twenty-five years ago, and was interruptedbefore the end was reached.
he would give any one fifty dollars whowould finish the story to the satisfaction of a jury to be appointed byourselves.
we appointed a jury and wrestled with the tale.
we inventedplenty of endings, but the jury voted them all down.
the jury was right.
it was a tale which the author of it may possibly have completedsatisfactorily, and if he really had that good fortune i would like toknow what the ending was.
any ordinary man will find that the story'sstrength is in its middle, and that there is apparently no way totransfer it to the close, where of course it ought to be.
in substancethe storiette was as follows:john brown, aged thirty-one, good, gentle, bashful, timid, lived in aquiet village in missouri.
he was superintendent of the presbyteriansunday-school.
it was but a humble distinction; still, it was his onlyofficial one, and he was modestly proud of it and was devoted to its workand its interests.
the extreme kindliness of his nature was recognizedby all; in fact, people said that he was made entirely out of goodimpulses and bashfulness; that he could always be counted upon for helpwhen it was needed, and for bashfulness both when it was needed and whenit wasn't.
mary taylor, twenty-three, modest, sweet, winning, and in character andperson beautiful, was all in all to him.
and he was very nearly all inall to her.
she was wavering, his hopes were high.
her mother had beenin opposition from the first.
but she was wavering, too; he couldsee it.
she was being touched by his warm interest in her twocharity-proteges and by his contributions toward their support.
thesewere two forlorn and aged sisters who lived in a log hut in a lonelyplace up a cross road four miles from mrs. taylor's farm.
one of thesisters was crazy, and sometimes a little violent, but not often.
at last the time seemed ripe for a final advance, and brown gathered hiscourage together and resolved to make it.
he would take along acontribution of double the usual size, and win the mother over; with heropposition annulled, the rest of the conquest would be sure and prompt.
he took to the road in the middle of a placid sunday afternoon in thesoft missourian summer, and he was equipped properly for his mission.
hewas clothed all in white linen, with a blue ribbon for a necktie, and hehad on dressy tight boots.
his horse and buggy were the finest that thelivery stable could furnish.
the lap robe was of white linen, it wasnew, and it had a hand-worked border that could not be rivaled in thatregion for beauty and elaboration.
when he was four miles out on the lonely road and was walking his horseover a wooden bridge, his straw hat blew off and fell in the creek, andfloated down and lodged against a bar.
he did not quite know what to do.
he must have the hat, that was manifest; but how was he to get it?
then he had an idea.
the roads were empty, nobody was stirring.
yes, hewould risk it.
he led the horse to the roadside and set it to croppingthe grass; then he undressed and put his clothes in the buggy, petted thehorse a moment to secure its compassion and its loyalty, then hurried tothe stream.
he swam out and soon had the hat.
when he got to the top ofthe bank the horse was gone!
his legs almost gave way under him.
the horse was walking leisurelyalong the road.
brown trotted after it, saying, "whoa, whoa, there's agood fellow;" but whenever he got near enough to chance a jump for thebuggy, the horse quickened its pace a little and defeated him.
and sothis went on, the naked man perishing with anxiety, and expecting everymoment to see people come in sight.
he tagged on and on, imploring thehorse, beseeching the horse, till he had left a mile behind him, and wasclosing up on the taylor premises; then at last he was successful, andgot into the buggy.
he flung on his shirt, his necktie, and his coat;then reached for--but he was too late; he sat suddenly down and pulled upthe lap-robe, for he saw some one coming out of the gate--a woman; hethought.
he wheeled the horse to the left, and struck briskly up thecross-road.
it was perfectly straight, and exposed on both sides; butthere were woods and a sharp turn three miles ahead, and he was verygrateful when he got there.
as he passed around the turn he slowed downto a walk, and reached for his tr---- too late again.
he had come upon mrs. enderby, mrs.  glossop, mrs. taylor, and mary.
they were on foot, and seemed tired and excited.
they came at once tothe buggy and shook hands, and all spoke at once, and said eagerly andearnestly, how glad they were that he was come, and how fortunate it was.
and mrs. enderby said, impressively:"it looks like an accident, his coming at such a time; but let no oneprofane it with such a name; he was sent--sent from on high."
they were all moved, and mrs. glossop said in an awed voice:"sarah enderby, you never said a truer word in your life.
this is noaccident, it is a special providence.
he was sent.
he is an angel--anangel as truly as ever angel was--an angel of deliverance.
i say angel,sarah enderby, and will have no other word.
don't let any one ever sayto me again, that there's no such thing as special providences; for ifthis isn't one, let them account for it that can."
"i know it's so," said mrs. taylor, fervently.
"john brown, i couldworship you; i could go down on my knees to you.
didn't something tellyou?--didn't you feel that you were sent?
i could kiss the hem of yourlaprobe."
he was not able to speak; he was helpless with shame and fright.
mrs.taylor went on:"why, just look at it all around, julia glossop.
any person can see thehand of providence in it.
here at noon what do we see?
we see the smokerising.
i speak up and say, 'that's the old people's cabin afire.'
didn't i, julia glossop?"
"the very words you said, nancy taylor.
i was as close to you as i amnow, and i heard them.
you may have said hut instead of cabin, but insubstance it's the same.
and you were looking pale, too."
i was that pale that if--why, you just compare it with thislaprobe.
then the next thing i said was, 'mary taylor, tell the hiredman to rig up the team-we'll go to the rescue.'
and she said, 'mother,don't you know you told him he could drive to see his people, and stayover sunday?'
and it was just so.
i declare for it, i had forgotten it.
'then,' said i, 'we'll go afoot.'
and go we did.
and found sarahenderby on the road."
"and we all went together," said mrs.  enderby.
"and found the cabin setfire to and burnt down by the crazy one, and the poor old things so oldand feeble that they couldn't go afoot.
and we got them to a shady placeand made them as comfortable as we could, and began to wonder which wayto turn to find some way to get them conveyed to nancy taylor's house.
and i spoke up and said--now what did i say?
didn't i say, 'providencewill provide'?"
"why sure as you live, so you did!
i had forgotten it."
"so had i," said mrs. glossop and mrs. taylor; "but you certainly saidit.
now wasn't that remarkable?"
"yes, i said it.
and then we went to mr. moseley's, two miles, and allof them were gone to the camp meeting over on stony fork; and then wecame all the way back, two miles, and then here, another mile--andprovidence has provided.
you see it yourselves."
they gazed at each other awe-struck, and lifted their hands and said inunison:"it's per-fectly wonderful."
"and then," said mrs.  glossop, "what do you think we had better do---letmr. brown drive the old people to nancy taylor's one at a time, or putboth of them in the buggy, and him lead the horse?"
"now, then, that's a question," said mrs.  enderby.
"you see, we are alltired out, and any way we fix it it's going to be difficult.
for if mr.brown takes both of them, at least one of us must, go back to help him,for he can't load them into the buggy by himself, and they so helpless."
"that is so," said mrs. taylor.
"it doesn't look-oh, how would this do?
--one of us drive there with mr. brown, and the rest of you go along tomy house and get things ready.
i'll go with him.
he and i together canlift one of the old people into the buggy; then drive her to my houseand----"but who will take care of the other one?"
said mrs.  enderby.
"wemusn't leave her there in the woods alone, you know--especially the crazyone.
there and back is eight miles, you see."
they had all been sitting on the grass beside the buggy for a while, now,trying to rest their weary bodies.
they fell silent a moment or two, andstruggled in thought over the baffling situation; then mrs. enderbybrightened and said:"i think i've got the idea, now.
you see, we can't walk any more.
thinkwhat we've done: four miles there, two to moseley's, is six, then back tohere--nine miles since noon, and not a bite to eat; i declare i don't seehow we've done it; and as for me, i am just famishing.
now, somebody'sgot to go back, to help mr. brown--there's no getting around that; butwhoever goes has got to ride, not walk.
so my idea is this: one of us toride back with mr. brown, then ride to nancy taylor's house with one ofthe old people, leaving mr. brown to keep the other old one company, youall to go now to nancy's and rest and wait; then one of you drive backand get the other one and drive her to nancy's, and mr. brown walk."
they all cried.
"oh, that will do--that will answerperfectly."
and they all said that mrs.  enderby had the best head forplanning, in the company; and they said that they wondered that theyhadn't thought of this simple plan themselves.
they hadn't meant to takeback the compliment, good simple souls, and didn't know they had done it.
after a consultation it was decided that mrs. enderby should drive backwith brown, she being entitled to the distinction because she hadinvented the plan.
everything now being satisfactorily arranged andsettled, the ladies rose, relieved and happy, and brushed down theirgowns, and three of them started homeward; mrs. enderby set her foot onthe buggy-step and was about to climb in, when brown found a remnant ofhis voice and gasped out--"please mrs. enderby, call them back--i am very weak; i can't walk, ican't, indeed."
"why, dear mr. brown!
you do look pale; i am ashamed of myself that ididn't notice it sooner.
come back-all of you!
mr. brown is not well.
is there anything i can do for you, mr.
brown?--i'm real sorry.
are youin pain?"
"no, madam, only weak; i am not sick, but only just weak--lately; notlong, but just lately."
the others came back, and poured out their sympathies and commiserations,and were full of self-reproaches for not having noticed how pale he was.
and they at once struck out a new plan, and soon agreed that it was byfar the best of all.
they would all go to nancy taylor's house and seeto brown's needs first.
he could lie on the sofa in the parlor, andwhile mrs. taylor and mary took care of him the other two ladies wouldtake the buggy and go and get one of the old people, and leave one ofthemselves with the other one, and----by this time, without any solicitation, they were at the horse's head andwere beginning to turn him around.
the danger was imminent, but brownfound his voice again and saved himself.
he said--"but ladies, you are overlooking something which makes the planimpracticable.
you see, if you bring one of them home, and one remainsbehind with the other, there will be three persons there when one of youcomes back for that other, for some one must drive the buggy back, andthree can't come home in it."
they all exclaimed, "why, sure-ly, that is so!"
and they were, allperplexed again.
"dear, dear, what can we do?"
said mrs.  glossop; "it is the mostmixed-up thing that ever was.
the fox and the goose and the corn andthings--oh, dear, they are nothing to it."
they sat wearily down once more, to further torture their tormented headsfor a plan that would work.
presently mary offered a plan; it was herfirst effort.
she said:"i am young and strong, and am refreshed, now.
take mr. brown to ourhouse, and give him help--you see how plainly he needs it.
i will goback and take care of the old people; i can be there in twenty minutes.
you can go on and do what you first started to do--wait on the main roadat our house until somebody comes along with a wagon; then send and bringaway the three of us.
you won't have to wait long; the farmers will soonbe coming back from town, now.
i will keep old polly patient and cheeredup--the crazy one doesn't need it."
this plan was discussed and accepted; it seemed the best that could bedone, in the circumstances, and the old people must be gettingdiscouraged by this time.
brown felt relieved, and was deeply thankful.
let him once get to themain road and he would find a way to escape.
then mrs. taylor said:"the evening chill will be coming on, pretty soon, and those poor oldburnt-out things will need some kind of covering.
take the lap-robe withyou, dear."
"very well, mother, i will."
she stepped to the buggy and put out her hand to take it----that was the end of the tale.
the passenger who told it said that whenhe read the story twenty-five years ago in a train he was interrupted atthat point--the train jumped off a bridge.
at first we thought we could finish the story quite easily, and we set towork with confidence; but it soon began to appear that it was not asimple thing, but difficult and baffling.
this was on account of brown'scharacter--great generosity and kindliness, but complicated with unusualshyness and diffidence, particularly in the presence of ladies.
therewas his love for mary, in a hopeful state but not yet secure--just in acondition, indeed, where its affair must be handled with great tact, andno mistakes made, no offense given.
and there was the mother wavering,half willing-by adroit and flawless diplomacy to be won over, now, orperhaps never at all.
also, there were the helpless old people yonder inthe woods waiting-their fate and brown's happiness to be determined bywhat brown should do within the next two seconds.
mary was reaching forthe lap-robe; brown must decide-there was no time to be lost.
of course none but a happy ending of the story would be accepted by thejury; the finish must find brown in high credit with the ladies, hisbehavior without blemish, his modesty unwounded, his character for selfsacrifice maintained, the old people rescued through him, theirbenefactor, all the party proud of him, happy in him, his praises on alltheir tongues.
we tried to arrange this, but it was beset with persistent andirreconcilable difficulties.
we saw that brown's shyness would not allowhim to give up the lap-robe.
this would offend mary and her mother; andit would surprise the other ladies, partly because this stinginess towardthe suffering old people would be out of character with brown, and partlybecause he was a special providence and could not properly act so.
ifasked to explain his conduct, his shyness would not allow him to tell thetruth, and lack of invention and practice would find him incapable ofcontriving a lie that would wash.  we worked at the troublesome problemuntil three in the morning.
meantime mary was still reaching for the lap-robe.
we gave it up, anddecided to let her continue to reach.
it is the reader's privilege todetermine for himself how the thing came out.
on the seventh day out we saw a dim vast bulk standing up out of thewastes of the pacific and knew that that spectral promontory was diamondhead, a piece of this world which i had not seen before for twenty-nineyears.
so we were nearing honolulu, the capital city of the sandwichislands--those islands which to me were paradise; a paradise which i hadbeen longing all those years to see again.
not any other thing in theworld could have stirred me as the sight of that great rock did.
in the night we anchored a mile from shore.
through my port i could seethe twinkling lights of honolulu and the dark bulk of the mountain-rangethat stretched away right and left.
i could not make out the beautifulnuuana valley, but i knew where it lay, and remembered how it used tolook in the old times.
we used to ride up it on horseback in those days--we young people--and branch off and gather bones in a sandy regionwhere one of the first kamehameha's battles was fought.
he was aremarkable man, for a king; and he was also a remarkable man for asavage.
he was a mere kinglet and of little or no consequence at thetime of captain cook's arrival in 1788; but about four years afterward heconceived the idea of enlarging his sphere of influence.
that is acourteous modern phrase which means robbing your neighbor--for yourneighbor's benefit; and the great theater of its benevolences is africa.
kamehameha went to war, and in the course of ten years he whipped out allthe other kings and made himself master of every one of the nine or tenislands that form the group.
but he did more than that.
he boughtships, freighted them with sandal wood and other native products, andsent them as far as south america and china; he sold to his savages theforeign stuffs and tools and utensils which came back in these ships, andstarted the march of civilization.
it is doubtful if the match to thisextraordinary thing is to be found in the history of any other savage.
savages are eager to learn from the white man any new way to kill eachother, but it is not their habit to seize with avidity and apply withenergy the larger and nobler ideas which he offers them.
the details ofkamehameha's history show that he was always hospitably ready to examinethe white man's ideas, and that he exercised a tidy discrimination inmaking his selections from the samples placed on view.
a shrewder discrimination than was exhibited by his son and successor,liholiho, i think.
liholiho could have qualified as a reformer, perhaps,but as a king he was a mistake.
a mistake because he tried to be bothking and reformer.
this is mixing fire and gunpowder together.
a kinghas no proper business with reforming.
his best policy is to keep thingsas they are; and if he can't do that, he ought to try to make them worsethan they are.
this is not guesswork; i have thought over this matter agood deal, so that if i should ever have a chance to become a king iwould know how to conduct the business in the best way.
when liholiho succeeded his father he found himself possessed of anequipment of royal tools and safeguards which a wiser king would haveknown how to husband, and judiciously employ, and make profitable.
theentire country was under the one scepter, and his was that scepter.
there was an established church, and he was the head of it.
there was astanding army, and he was the head of that; an army of 114 privates undercommand of 27 generals and a field marshal.
there was a proud andancient hereditary nobility.
there was still one other asset.
this wasthe tabu--an agent endowed with a mysterious and stupendous power, anagent not found among the properties of any european monarch, a tool ofinestimable value in the business.
liholiho was headmaster of the tabu.
the tabu was the most ingenious and effective of all the inventions thathas ever been devised for keeping a people's privileges satisfactorilyrestricted.
it required the sexes to live in separate houses.
it did not allowpeople to eat in either house; they must eat in another place.
it didnot allow a man's woman-folk to enter his house.
it did not allow thesexes to eat together; the men must eat first, and the women must wait onthem.
then the women could eat what was left--if anything was left--andwait on themselves.
i mean, if anything of a coarse or unpalatable sortwas left, the women could have it.
but not the good things, the finethings, the choice things, such as pork, poultry, bananas, cocoanuts, thechoicer varieties of fish, and so on.
by the tabu, all these were sacredto the men; the women spent their lives longing for them and wonderingwhat they might taste like; and they died without finding out.
these rules, as you see, were quite simple and clear.
it was easy toremember them; and useful.
for the penalty for infringing any rule inthe whole list was death.
those women easily learned to put up withshark and taro and dog for a diet when the other things were soexpensive.
it was death for any one to walk upon tabu'd ground; or defile a tabu'dthing with his touch; or fail in due servility to a chief; or step uponthe king's shadow.
the nobles and the king and the priests were alwayssuspending little rags here and there and yonder, to give notice to thepeople that the decorated spot or thing was tabu, and death lurking near.
the struggle for life was difficult and chancy in the islands in thosedays.
thus advantageously was the new king situated.
will it be believed thatthe first thing he did was to destroy his established church, root andbranch?
he did indeed do that.
to state the case figuratively, he was aprosperous sailor who burnt his ship and took to a raft.
this church wasa horrid thing.
it heavily oppressed the people; it kept them alwaystrembling in the gloom of mysterious threatenings; it slaughtered them insacrifice before its grotesque idols of wood and stone; it cowed them, itterrorized them, it made them slaves to its priests, and through thepriests to the king.
it was the best friend a king could have, and themost dependable.
to a professional reformer who should annihilate sofrightful and so devastating a power as this church, reverence and praisewould be due; but to a king who should do it, could properly be duenothing but reproach; reproach softened by sorrow; sorrow for hisunfitness for his position.
he destroyed his established church, and his kingdom is a republic today,in consequence of that act.
when he destroyed the church and burned the idols he did a mighty thingfor civilization and for his people's weal--but it was not "business."
it was unkingly, it was inartistic.
it made trouble for his line.
theamerican missionaries arrived while the burned idols were still smoking.
they found the nation without a religion, and they repaired the defect.
they offered their own religion and it was gladly received.
but it wasno support to arbitrary kingship, and so the kingly power began to weakenfrom that day.
forty-seven years later, when i was in the islands,kamehameha v.  was trying to repair liholiho's blunder, and notsucceeding.
he had set up an established church and made himself thehead of it.
but it was only a pinchbeck thing, an imitation, a bauble,an empty show.
it had no power, no value for a king.
it could not harryor burn or slay, it in no way resembled the admirable machine whichliholiho destroyed.
it was an established church without anestablishment; all the people were dissenters.
long before that, the kingship had itself become but a name, a show.
atan early day the missionaries had turned it into something very much likea republic; and here lately the business whites have turned it intosomething exactly like it.
in captain cook's time (1778), the native population of the islands wasestimated at 400,000; in 1836 at something short of 200,000, in 1866 at50,000; it is to-day, per census, 25,000.  all intelligent people praisekamehameha i. and liholiho for conferring upon their people the greatboon of civilization.
i would do it myself, but my intelligence is outof repair, now, from over-work.
when i was in the islands nearly a generation ago, i was acquainted witha young american couple who had among their belongings an attractivelittle son of the age of seven--attractive but not practicablycompanionable with me, because he knew no english.
he had played fromhis birth with the little kanakas on his father's plantation, and hadpreferred their language and would learn no other.
the family removed toamerica a month after i arrived in the islands, and straightway the boybegan to lose his kanaka and pick up english.
by the time he was twelvehe hadn't a word of kanaka left; the language had wholly departed fromhis tongue and from his comprehension.
nine years later, when he wastwenty-one, i came upon the family in one of the lake towns of new york,and the mother told me about an adventure which her son had been having.
by trade he was now a professional diver.
a passenger boat had beencaught in a storm on the lake, and had gone down, carrying her peoplewith her.
a few days later the young diver descended, with his armor on,and entered the berth-saloon of the boat, and stood at the foot of thecompanionway, with his hand on the rail, peering through the dim water.
presently something touched him on the shoulder, and he turned and founda dead man swaying and bobbing about him and seemingly inspecting himinquiringly.
he was paralyzed with fright.
his entry had disturbed thewater, and now he discerned a number of dim corpses making for him andwagging their heads and swaying their bodies like sleepy people trying todance.
his senses forsook him, and in that condition he was drawn to thesurface.
he was put to bed at home, and was soon very ill.  during somedays he had seasons of delirium which lasted several hours at a time; andwhile they lasted he talked kanaka incessantly and glibly; and kanakaonly.
he was still very ill, and he talked to me in that tongue; but idid not understand it, of course.
the doctor-books tell us that caseslike this are not uncommon.
then the doctors ought to study the casesand find out how to multiply them.
many languages and things get mislaidin a person's head, and stay mislaid for lack of this remedy.
many memories of my former visit to the islands came up in my mind whilewe lay at anchor in front of honolulu that night.
and pictures--picturespictures--an enchanting procession of them!
i was impatient for themorning to come.
when it came it brought disappointment, of course.
cholera had brokenout in the town, and we were not allowed to have any communication withthe shore.
thus suddenly did my dream of twenty-nine years go to ruin.
messages came from friends, but the friends themselves i was not to haveany sight of.
my lecture-hall was ready, but i was not to see that,either.
several of our passengers belonged in honolulu, and these were sentashore; but nobody could go ashore and return.
there were people onshore who were booked to go with us to australia, but we could notreceive them; to do it would cost us a quarantine-term in sydney.
theycould have escaped the day before, by ship to san francisco; but the barshad been put up, now, and they might have to wait weeks before any shipcould venture to give them a passage any whither.
and there werehardships for others.
an elderly lady and her son, recreation-seekersfrom massachusetts, had wandered westward, further and further from home,always intending to take the return track, but always concluding to gostill a little further; and now here they were at anchor before honolulupositively their last westward-bound indulgence--they had made up theirminds to that--but where is the use in making up your mind in this world?
it is usually a waste of time to do it.
these two would have to staywith us as far as australia.
then they could go on around the world, orgo back the way they had come; the distance and the accommodations andoutlay of time would be just the same, whichever of the two routes theymight elect to take.
think of it: a projected excursion of five hundredmiles gradually enlarged, without any elaborate degree of intention, to apossible twenty-four thousand.
however, they were used to extensions bythis time, and did not mind this new one much.
and we had with us a lawyer from victoria, who had been sent out by thegovernment on an international matter, and he had brought his wife withhim and left the children at home with the servants and now what was tobe done?
go ashore amongst the cholera and take the risks?
they decided to go on, to the fiji islands, wait there afortnight for the next ship, and then sail for home.
they couldn'tforesee that they wouldn't see a homeward-bound ship again for six weeks,and that no word could come to them from the children, and no word gofrom them to the children in all that time.
it is easy to make plans inthis world; even a cat can do it; and when one is out in those remoteoceans it is noticeable that a cat's plans and a man's are worth aboutthe same.
there is much the same shrinkage in both, in the matter ofvalues.
there was nothing for us to do but sit about the decks in the shade ofthe awnings and look at the distant shore.
we lay in luminous bluewater; shoreward the water was green-green and brilliant; at the shoreitself it broke in a long white ruffle, and with no crash, no sound thatwe could hear.
the town was buried under a mat of foliage that lookedlike a cushion of moss.
the silky mountains were clothed in soft, richsplendors of melting color, and some of the cliffs were veiled inslanting mists.
i recognized it all.
it was just as i had seen it longbefore, with nothing of its beauty lost, nothing of its charm wanting.
a change had come, but that was political, and not visible from the ship.
the monarchy of my day was gone, and a republic was sitting in its seat.
it was not a material change.
the old imitation pomps, the fuss andfeathers, have departed, and the royal trademark--that is about all thatone could miss, i suppose.
that imitation monarchy, was grotesqueenough, in my time; if it had held on another thirty years it would havebeen a monarchy without subjects of the king's race.
we had a sunset of a very fine sort.
the vast plain of the sea wasmarked off in bands of sharply-contrasted colors: great stretches of darkblue, others of purple, others of polished bronze; the billowy mountainsshowed all sorts of dainty browns and greens, blues and purples andblacks, and the rounded velvety backs of certain of them made one want tostroke them, as one would the sleek back of a cat.
the long, slopingpromontory projecting into the sea at the west turned dim and leaden andspectral, then became suffused with pink--dissolved itself in a pinkdream, so to speak, it seemed so airy and unreal.
presently thecloud-rack was flooded with fiery splendors, and these were copied on thesurface of the sea, and it made one drunk with delight to look upon it.
from talks with certain of our passengers whose home was honolulu, andfrom a sketch by mrs. mary h. krout, i was able to perceive what thehonolulu of to-day is, as compared with the honolulu of my time.
in mytime it was a beautiful little town, made up of snow-white woodencottages deliciously smothered in tropical vines and flowers and treesand shrubs; and its coral roads and streets were hard and smooth, and aswhite as the houses.
the outside aspects of the place suggested thepresence of a modest and comfortable prosperity--a general prosperity--perhaps one might strengthen the term and say universal.
there were nofine houses, no fine furniture.
there were no decorations.
tallowcandles furnished the light for the bedrooms, a whale-oil lamp furnishedit for the parlor.
native matting served as carpeting.
in the parlorone would find two or three lithographs on the walls--portraits as arule: kamehameha iv., louis kossuth, jenny lind; and may be an engravingor two: rebecca at the well, moses smiting the rock, joseph's servantsfinding the cup in benjamin's sack.
there would be a center table, withbooks of a tranquil sort on it: the whole duty of man, baxter's saints'rest, fox's martyrs, tupper's proverbial philosophy, bound copies of themissionary herald and of father damon's seaman's friend.
a melodeon; amusic stand, with 'willie, we have missed you', 'star of the evening','roll on silver moon', 'are we most there', 'i would not live alway', andother songs of love and sentiment, together with an assortment of hymns.
a what-not with semi-globular glass paperweights, enclosing miniaturepictures of ships, new england rural snowstorms, and the like; sea-shellswith bible texts carved on them in cameo style; native curios; whale'stooth with full-rigged ship carved on it.
there was nothing reminiscentof foreign parts, for nobody had been abroad.
trips were made to sanfrancisco, but that could not be called going abroad.
comprehensivelyspeaking, nobody traveled.
but honolulu has grown wealthy since then, and of course wealth hasintroduced changes; some of the old simplicities have disappeared.
hereis a modern house, as pictured by mrs.  krout:     "almost every house is surrounded by extensive lawns and gardens     enclosed by walls of volcanic stone or by thick hedges of the     brilliant hibiscus.
"the houses are most tastefully and comfortably furnished; the     floors are either of hard wood covered with rugs or with fine indian     matting, while there is a preference, as in most warm countries, for     rattan or bamboo furniture; there are the usual accessories of     bric-a-brac, pictures, books, and curios from all parts of theworld,     for these island dwellers are indefatigable travelers.
"nearly every house has what is called a lanai.
it is a large     apartment, roofed, floored, open on three sides, with a door or a     draped archway opening into the drawing-room.
frequently the roof     is formed by the thick interlacing boughs of the hou tree,     impervious to the sun and even to the rain, except in violent     storms.
vines are trained about the sides--the stephanotis or some     one of the countless fragrant and blossoming trailers which abound     in the islands.
there are also curtains of matting that may be     drawn to exclude the sun or rain.
the floor is bare for coolness,     or partially covered with rugs, and the lanai is prettily furnished     with comfortable chairs, sofas, and tables loaded with flowers, or     wonderful ferns in pots.
"the lanai is the favorite reception room, and here at any social     function the musical program is given and cakes and ices are served;     here morning callers are received, or gay riding parties, the ladies     in pretty divided skirts, worn for convenience in riding astride,     --the universal mode adopted by europeans and americans, as well as     by the natives.
"the comfort and luxury of such an apartment, especially at a     seashore villa, can hardly be imagined.
the soft breezes sweep     across it, heavy with the fragrance of jasmine and gardenia, and     through the swaying boughs of palm and mimosa there are glimpses of     rugged mountains, their summits veiled in clouds, of purple sea with     the white surf beating eternally against the reefs, whiter still in     the yellow sunlight or the magical moonlight of the tropics."
there: rugs, ices, pictures, lanais, worldly books, sinful bric-a-bracfetched from everywhere.
and the ladies riding astride.
these arechanges, indeed.
in my time the native women rode astride, but the whiteones lacked the courage to adopt their wise custom.
in my time ice wasseldom seen in honolulu.
it sometimes came in sailing vessels from newengland as ballast; and then, if there happened to be a man-of-war inport and balls and suppers raging by consequence, the ballast was worthsix hundred dollars a ton, as is evidenced by reputable tradition.
butthe ice-machine has traveled all over the world, now, and brought icewithin everybody's reach.
in lapland and spitzbergen no one uses nativeice in our day, except the bears and the walruses.
the bicycle is not mentioned.
it was not necessary.
we know that it isthere, without inquiring.
it is everywhere.
but for it, people couldnever have had summer homes on the summit of mont blanc; before its day,property up there had but a nominal value.
the ladies of the hawaiiancapital learned too late the right way to occupy a horse--too late to getmuch benefit from it.
the riding-horse is retiring from businesseverywhere in the world.
in honolulu a few years from now he will beonly a tradition.
we all know about father damien, the french priest who voluntarilyforsook the world and went to the leper island of molokai to labor amongits population of sorrowful exiles who wait there, in slow-consumingmisery, for death to come and release them from their troubles; and weknow that the thing which he knew beforehand would happen, did happen:that he became a leper himself, and died of that horrible disease.
therewas still another case of self-sacrifice, it appears.
i asked after"billy" ragsdale, interpreter to the parliament in my time--a half-white.
he was a brilliant young fellow, and very popular.
as an interpreter hewould have been hard to match anywhere.
he used to stand up in theparliament and turn the english speeches into hawaiian and the hawaiianspeeches into english with a readiness and a volubility that wereastonishing.
i asked after him, and was told that his prosperous careerwas cut short in a sudden and unexpected way, just as he was about tomarry a beautiful half-caste girl.
he discovered, by some nearlyinvisible sign about his skin, that the poison of leprosy was in him.
the secret was his own, and might be kept concealed for years; but hewould not be treacherous to the girl that loved him; he would not marryher to a doom like his.
and so he put his affairs in order, and wentaround to all his friends and bade them good-bye, and sailed in the lepership to molokai.
there he died the loathsome and lingering death thatall lepers die.
in this place let me insert a paragraph or two from "the paradise ofthe pacific" (rev.
h. h. gowen)--     "poor lepers!
it is easy for those who have no relatives or friends     among them to enforce the decree of segregation to the letter, but     who can write of the terrible, the heart-breaking scenes which that     enforcement has brought about?
"a man upon hawaii was suddenly taken away after a summary arrest,     leaving behind him a helpless wife about to give birth to a babe.
the devoted wife with great pain and risk came the whole journey to     honolulu, and pleaded until the authorities were unable to resist     her entreaty that she might go and live like a leper with her leper     husband.
"a woman in the prime of life and activity is condemned as an     incipient leper, suddenly removed from her home, and her husband     returns to find his two helpless babes moaning for their lost     mother.
the case of the babies is hard, but its bitterness is     a trifle--less than a trifle--less than nothing--compared to what     the mother must suffer; and suffer minute by minute, hour by hour,     day by day, month by month, year by year, without respite, relief,     or any abatement of her pain till she dies.
"one woman, luka kaaukau, has been living with her leper husband in     the settlement for twelve years.
the man has scarcely a joint left,     his limbs are only distorted ulcerated stumps, for four years his     wife has put every particle of food into his mouth.
he wanted his     wife to abandon his wretched carcass long ago, as she herself was     sound and well, but luka said that she was content to remain and     wait on the man she loved till the spirit should be freed from its     burden.
"i myself have known hard cases enough:--of a girl, apparently in     full health, decorating the church with me at easter, who before     christmas is taken away as a confirmed leper; of a mother hiding her     child in the mountains for years so that not even her dearest     friends knew that she had a child alive, that he might not be taken     away; of a respectable white man taken away from his wife and     family, and compelled to become a dweller in the leper settlement,     where he is counted dead, even by the insurance companies."
and one great pity of it all is, that these poor sufferers are innocent.
the leprosy does not come of sins which they committed, but of sinscommitted by their ancestors, who escaped the curse of leprosy!
mr. gowan has made record of a certain very striking circumstance.
wouldyou expect to find in that awful leper settlement a custom worthy to betransplanted to your own country?
they have one such, and it isinexpressibly touching and beautiful.
when death sets open theprison-door of life there, the band salutes the freed soul with a burstof glad music!
sailed from honolulu.--from diary:sept. 2.  flocks of flying fish-slim, shapely, graceful, and intenselywhite.
with the sun on them they look like a flight of silverfruit-knives.
they are able to fly a hundred yards.
sept. 3.  in 9 deg.
50' north latitude, at breakfast.
approaching theequator on a long slant.
those of us who have never seen the equator area good deal excited.
i think i would rather see it than any other thingin the world.
we entered the "doldrums" last night--variable winds,bursts of rain, intervals of calm, with chopping seas and a wobbly anddrunken motion to the ship--a condition of things findable inother regions sometimes, but present in the doldrums always.
theglobe-girdling belt called the doldrums is 20 degrees wide, and thethread called the equator lies along the middle of it.
sept. 4.  total eclipse of the moon last night.
at 7.30 it began to gooff.
at total--or about that--it was like a rich rosy cloud with atumbled surface framed in the circle and projecting from it--a bulge ofstrawberry-ice, so to speak.
at half-eclipse the moon was like a gildedacorn in its cup.
sept. 5.  closing in on the equator this noon.
a sailor explained to ayoung girl that the ship's speed is poor because we are climbing up thebulge toward the center of the globe; but that when we should once getover, at the equator, and start down-hill, we should fly.
when she askedhim the other day what the fore-yard was, he said it was the front yard,the open area in the front end of the ship.
that man has a good deal oflearning stored up, and the girl is likely to get it all.
crossed the equator.
in the distance it looked like a blueribbon stretched across the ocean.
several passengers kodak'd it.
wehad no fool ceremonies, no fantastics, no horse play.
all that sort ofthing has gone out.
in old times a sailor, dressed as neptune, used tocome in over the bows, with his suite, and lather up and shave everybodywho was crossing the equator for the first time, and then cleanse theseunfortunates by swinging them from the yard-arm and ducking them threetimes in the sea.
this was considered funny.
nobody knows why.
no, thatis not true.
we do know why.
such a thing could never be funny on land;no part of the old-time grotesque performances gotten up on shipboard tocelebrate the passage of the line could ever be funny on shore--theywould seem dreary and witless to shore people.
but the shore peoplewouldchange their minds about it at sea, on a long voyage.
on such a voyage,with its eternal monotonies, people's intellects deteriorate; the ownersof the intellects soon reach a point where they almost seem to preferchildish things to things of a maturer degree.
one is often surprised atthe juvenilities which grown people indulge in at sea, and the interestthey take in them, and the consuming enjoyment they get out of them.
this is on long voyages only.
the mind gradually becomes inert, dull,blunted; it loses its accustomed interest in intellectual things; nothingbut horse-play can rouse it, nothing but wild and foolish grotesqueriescan entertain it.
on short voyages it makes no such exposure of itself;it hasn't time to slump down to this sorrowful level.
the short-voyage passenger gets his chief physical exercise out of"horse-billiards"--shovel-board.
it is a good game.
we play it in thisship.
a quartermaster chalks off a diagram like this-on the deck.
the player uses a cue that is like a broom-handle with a quarter-moon ofwood fastened to the end of it.
with this he shoves wooden disks thesize of a saucer--he gives the disk a vigorous shove and sends it fifteenor twenty feet along the deck and lands it in one of the squares if hecan.
if it stays there till the inning is played out, it will count asmany points in the game as the figure in the square it has stopped inrepresents.
the adversary plays to knock that disk out and leave his ownin its place--particularly if it rests upon the 9 or 10 or some other ofthe high numbers; but if it rests in the "10off" he backs it up--landshis disk behind it a foot or two, to make it difficult for its owner toknock it out of that damaging place and improve his record.
when theinning is played out it may be found that each adversary has placed hisfour disks where they count; it may be found that some of them aretouching chalk lines and not counting; and very often it will be foundthat there has been a general wreckage, and that not a disk has been leftwithin the diagram.
anyway, the result is recorded, whatever it is, andthe game goes on.
the game is 100 points, and it takes from twentyminutes to forty to play it, according to luck and the condition of thesea.
it is an exciting game, and the crowd of spectators furnishabundance of applause for fortunate shots and plenty of laughter for theother kind.
it is a game of skill, but at the same time the uneasymotion of the ship is constantly interfering with skill; this makes it achancy game, and the element of luck comes largely in.
we had a couple of grand tournaments, to determine who should be"champion of the pacific"; they included among the participants nearlyall the passengers, of both sexes, and the officers of the ship, and theyafforded many days of stupendous interest and excitement, and murderousexercise--for horse-billiards is a physically violent game.
the figures in the following record of some of the closing games in thefirst tournament will show, better than any description, how very chancythe game is.
the losers here represented had all been winners in theprevious games of the series, some of them by fine majorities:chase,102      mrs.  d.,57    mortimer, 105  the surgeon, 92miss c.,105    mrs.  t.,9     clemens, 101   taylor,92taylor,109     davies,95      miss c., 108   mortimer,55thomas,102     roper,76       clemens, 111   miss c.,89coomber, 106   chase,98and so on; until but three couples of winners were left.
then i beat myman, young smith beat his man, and thomas beat his.
this reduced thecombatants to three.
smith and i took the deck, and i led off.
at theclose of the first inning i was 10 worse than nothing and smith hadscored 7.  the luck continued against me.
when i was 57, smith was 97--within 3 of out.
the luck changed then.
he picked up a 10-off or so,and couldn't recover.
i beat him.
the next game would end tournament no.
1.mr. thomas and i were the contestants.
he won the lead and went to thebat--so to speak.
and there he stood, with the crotch of his cue restingagainst his disk while the ship rose slowly up, sank slowly down, roseagain, sank again.
she never seemed to rise to suit him exactly.
shestarted up once more; and when she was nearly ready for the turn, he letdrive and landed his disk just within the left-hand end of the 10.
the umpire proclaimed "a good 10," and the game-keeper setit down.
i played: my disk grazed the edge of mr. thomas's disk, andwent out of the diagram.
mr. thomas played again--and landed his second disk alongside of thefirst, and almost touching its right-hand side.
i played, and missed both of them.
mr. thomas delivered his third shot and landed his disk just at the rightof the other two.
there they lay, side by side, the three in a row.
it did not seempossible that anybody could miss them.
still i did it.
mr. thomas played his last disk.
it seems incredible, but he actuallylanded that disk alongside of the others, and just to the right of them-astraight solid row of 4 disks.
(tumultuous and long-continued applause.)
then i played my last disk.
again it did not seem possible that anybodycould miss that row--a row which would have been 14 inches long if thedisks had been clamped together; whereas, with the spaces separating themthey made a longer row than that.
but i did it.
it may be that i wasgetting nervous.
i think it unlikely that that innings has ever had its parallel in thehistory of horse-billiards.
to place the four disks side by side in the10 was an extraordinary feat; indeed, it was a kind of miracle.
to missthem was another miracle.
it will take a century to produce another manwho can place the four disks in the 10; and longer than that to find aman who can't knock them out.
i was ashamed of my performance at thetime, but now that i reflect upon it i see that it was rather fine anddifficult.
mr. thomas kept his luck, and won the game, and later the championship.
in a minor tournament i won the prize, which was a waterbury watch.
iput it in my trunk.
in pretoria, south africa, nine months afterward, myproper watch broke down and i took the waterbury out, wound it, set it bythe great clock on the parliament house (8.05), then went back to my roomand went to bed, tired from a long railway journey.
the parliamentaryclock had a peculiarity which i was not aware of at the time--a peculiarity which exists in no other clock, and would not exist inthatone if it had been made by a sane person; on the half-hour it strikes thesucceeding hour, then strikes the hour again, at the proper time.
i layreading and smoking awhile; then, when i could hold my eyes open nolonger and was about to put out the light, the great clock began to boom,and i counted ten.
i reached for the waterbury to see how it was gettingalong.
it was marking 9.30.  it seemed rather poor speed for athree-dollar watch, but i supposed that the climate was affecting it.
ishoved it half an hour ahead; and took to my book and waited to see whatwould happen.
at 10 the great clock struck ten again.
i looked--thewaterbury was marking half-past 10.  this was too much speed for themoney, and it troubled me.
i pushed the hands back a half hour, andwaited once more; i had to, for i was vexed and restless now, and mysleepiness was gone.
by and by the great clock struck 11.  the waterburywas marking 10.30.  i pushed it ahead half an hour, with some show oftemper.
by and by the great clock struck 11 again.
the waterbury showedup 11.30, now, and i beat her brains out against the bedstead.
i wassorry next day, when i found out.
to return to the ship.
the average human being is a perverse creature; and when he isn't that,he is a practical joker.
the result to the other person concerned isabout the same: that is, he is made to suffer.
the washing down of thedecks begins at a very early hour in all ships; in but few ships are anymeasures taken to protect the passengers, either by waking or warningthem, or by sending a steward to close their ports.
and so thedeckwashers have their opportunity, and they use it.
they send a bucketof water slashing along the side of the ship and into the ports,drenching the passenger's clothes, and often the passenger himself.
thisgood old custom prevailed in this ship, and under unusually favorablecircumstances, for in the blazing tropical regions a removable zinc thinglike a sugarshovel projects from the port to catch the wind and bring itin; this thing catches the wash-water and brings it in, too--and inflooding abundance.
mrs. i., an invalid, had to sleep on the locker--sofaunder her port, and every time she over-slept and thus failed to takecare of herself, the deck-washers drowned her out.
and the painters, what a good time they had!
this ship would be goinginto dock for a month in sydney for repairs; but no matter, painting wasgoing on all the time somewhere or other.
the ladies' dresses wereconstantly getting ruined, nevertheless protests and supplications wentfor nothing.
sometimes a lady, taking an afternoon nap on deck near aventilator or some other thing that didn't need painting, would wake upby and by and find that the humorous painter had been noiselessly daubingthat thing and had splattered her white gown all over with little greasyyellow spots.
the blame for this untimely painting did not lie with the ship'sofficers, but with custom.
as far back as noah's time it became law thatships must be constantly painted and fussed at when at sea; custom grewout of the law, and at sea custom knows no death; this custom willcontinue until the sea goes dry.
we are moving so nearly south that we cross only abouttwo meridians of longitude a day.
this morning we were in longitude 178west from greenwich, and 57 degrees west from san francisco.
to-morrowwe shall be close to the center of the globe--the 180th degree of westlongitude and 180th degree of east longitude.
and then we must drop out a day-lose a day out of our lives, a day neverto be found again.
we shall all die one day earlier than from thebeginning of time we were foreordained to die.
we shall be a daybehindhand all through eternity.
we shall always be saying to the otherangels, "fine day today," and they will be always retorting, "but itisn't to-day, it's tomorrow."
we shall be in a state of confusion all thetime and shall never know what true happiness is.
sure enough, it has happened.
yesterday it was september 8,sunday; to-day, per the bulletin-board at the head of the companionway,it is september 10, tuesday.
there is something uncanny about it.
in fact, nearly unthinkable, and wholly unrealizable,when one comes to consider it.
while we were crossing the 180th meridianit was sunday in the stern of the ship where my family were, and tuesdayin the bow where i was.
they were there eating the half of a fresh appleon the 8th, and i was at the same time eating the other half of it on the10th--and i could notice how stale it was, already.
the family were thesame age that they were when i had left them five minutes before, but iwas a day older now than i was then.
the day they were living instretched behind them half way round the globe, across the pacific oceanand america and europe; the day i was living in stretched in front of mearound the other half to meet it.
they were stupendous days for bulk andstretch; apparently much larger days than we had ever been in before.
all previous days had been but shrunk-up little things by comparison.
the difference in temperature between the two days was very marked, theirday being hotter than mine because it was closer to the equator.
along about the moment that we were crossing the great meridian a childwas born in the steerage, and now there is no way to tell which day itwas born on.
the nurse thinks it was sunday, the surgeon thinks it wastuesday.
the child will never know its own birthday.
it will always bechoosing first one and then the other, and will never be able to make upits mind permanently.
this will breed vacillation and uncertainty in itsopinions about religion, and politics, and business, and sweethearts, andeverything, and will undermine its principles, and rot them away, andmake the poor thing characterless, and its success in life impossible.
every one in the ship says so.
and this is not all--in fact, not theworst.
for there is an enormously rich brewer in the ship who said asmuch as ten days ago, that if the child was born on his birthday he wouldgive it ten thousand dollars to start its little life with.
his birthdaywas monday, the 9th of september.
if the ships all moved in the one direction--westward, i mean--the worldwould suffer a prodigious loss--in the matter of valuable time, throughthe dumping overboard on the great meridian of such multitudes of days byships crews and passengers.
but fortunately the ships do not all sailwest, half of them sail east.
so there is no real loss.
these latterpick up all the discarded days and add them to the world's stock again;and about as good as new, too; for of course the salt water preservesthem.
wednesday, sept. 11.  in this world we often make mistakes of judgment.
we do not as a rule get out of them sound and whole, but sometimes we do.
at dinner yesterday evening-present, a mixture of scotch, english,american, canadian, and australasian folk--a discussion broke out aboutthe pronunciation of certain scottish words.
this was private ground,and the non-scotch nationalities, with one exception, discreetly keptstill.
but i am not discreet, and i took a hand.
i didn't know anythingabout the subject, but i took a hand just to have something to do.
atthat moment the word in dispute was the word three.
one scotchman wasclaiming that the peasantry of scotland pronounced it three, hisadversaries claimed that they didn't--that they pronounced it 'thraw'.
the solitary scot was having a sultry time of it, so i thought i wouldenrich him with my help.
in my position i was necessarily quiteimpartial, and was equally as well and as ill equipped to fight on theone side as on the other.
so i spoke up and said the peasantrypronounced the word three, not thraw.
it was an error of judgment.
there was a moment of astonished and ominous silence, then weatherensued.
the storm rose and spread in a surprising way, and i was snowedunder in a very few minutes.
it was a bad defeat for me--a kind ofwaterloo.
it promised to remain so, and i wished i had had better sensethan to enter upon such a forlorn enterprise.
but just then i had asaving thought--at least a thought that offered a chance.
while thestorm was still raging, i made up a scotch couplet, and then spoke up andsaid:"very well, don't say any more.
i confess defeat.
i thought i knew, buti see my mistake.
i was deceived by one of your scotch poets."
"a scotch poet!
it is wonderful the power of that name.
these men looked doubtful--butparalyzed, all the same.
they were quite silent for a moment; then oneof them said--with the reverence in his voice which is always present ina scotchman's tone when he utters the name.
"does robbie burns say--what does he say?"
"this is what he says:         'there were nae bairns but only three         --ane at the breast, twa at the knee.'"
it ended the discussion.
there was no man there profane enough, disloyalenough, to say any word against a thing which robert burns had settled.
i shall always honor that great name for the salvation it brought me inthis time of my sore need.
it is my belief that nearly any invented quotation, played withconfidence, stands a good chance to deceive.
there are people who thinkthat honesty is always the best policy.
this is a superstition; thereare times when the appearance of it is worth six of it.
we are moving steadily southward-getting further and further down underthe projecting paunch of the globe.
yesterday evening we saw the bigdipper and the north star sink below the horizon and disappear from ourworld.
no, not "we," but they.
they saw it--somebody saw it--and toldme about it.
but it is no matter, i was not caring for those things, iam tired of them, any way.
i think they are well enough, but one doesn'twant them always hanging around.
my interest was all in the southerncross.
i had never seen that.
i had heard about it all my life, and itwas but natural that i should be burning to see it.
no otherconstellation makes so much talk.
i had nothing against the big dipper--and naturally couldn't have anything against it, since it is a citizenofour own sky, and the property of the united states--but i did want it tomove out of the way and give this foreigner a chance.
judging by thesize of the talk which the southern cross had made, i supposed it wouldneed a sky all to itself.
but that was a mistake.
we saw the cross to-night, and it is not large.
not large, and not strikingly bright.
but it was low down toward thehorizon, and it may improve when it gets up higher in the sky.
it isingeniously named, for it looks just as a cross would look if it lookedlike something else.
but that description does not describe; it is toovague, too general, too indefinite.
it does after a fashion suggest across -- a cross that is out of repair--or out of drawing; not correctlyshaped.
it is long, with a short cross-bar, and the cross-bar is cantedout of the straight line.
it consists of four large stars and one little one.
the little one isout of line and further damages the shape.
it should have been placed atthe intersection of the stem and the cross-bar.
if you do not draw animaginary line from star to star it does not suggest a cross--noranything in particular.
one must ignore the little star, and leave it out of the combination--itconfuses everything.
if you leave it out, then you can make out of thefour stars a sort of cross--out of true; or a sort of kite--out of true;or a sort of coffin-out of true.
constellations have always been troublesome things to name.
if you giveone of them a fanciful name, it will always refuse to live up to it; itwill always persist in not resembling the thing it has been named for.
ultimately, to satisfy the public, the fanciful name has to be discardedfor a common-sense one, a manifestly descriptive one.
the great bearremained the great bear--and unrecognizable as such--for thousands ofyears; and people complained about it all the time, and quite properly;but as soon as it became the property of the united states, congresschanged it to the big dipper, and now every body is satisfied, and thereis no more talk about riots.
i would not change the southern cross tothe southern coffin, i would change it to the southern kite; for up therein the general emptiness is the proper home of a kite, but not forcoffins and crosses and dippers.
in a little while, now--i cannottell exactly how long it will be--the globe will belong to theenglish-speaking race; and of course the skies also.
then theconstellations will be re-organized, and polished up, and re-named--themost of them "victoria," i reckon, but this one will sail thereafter asthe southern kite, or go out of business.
several towns and things, hereand there, have been named for her majesty already.
in these past few days we are plowing through a mighty milky way ofislands.
they are so thick on the map that one would hardly expect tofind room between them for a canoe; yet we seldom glimpse one.
once wesaw the dim bulk of a couple of them, far away, spectral and dreamythings; members of the horne-alofa and fortuna.
on the larger one aretwo rival native kings--and they have a time together.
they arecatholics; so are their people.
the missionaries there are frenchpriests.
from the multitudinous islands in these regions the "recruits" for thequeensland plantations were formerly drawn; are still drawn from them, ibelieve.
vessels fitted up like old-time slavers came here and carriedoff the natives to serve as laborers in the great australian province.
in the beginning it was plain, simple man-stealing, as per testimony ofthe missionaries.
this has been denied, but not disproven.
afterward itwas forbidden by law to "recruit" a native without his consent, andgovernmental agents were sent in all recruiting vessels to see that thelaw was obeyed--which they did, according to the recruiting people; andwhich they sometimes didn't, according to the missionaries.
a man couldbe lawfully recruited for a three-years term of service; he couldvolunteer for another term if he so chose; when his time was up he couldreturn to his island.
and would also have the means to do it; for thegovernment required the employer to put money in its hands for thispurpose before the recruit was delivered to him.
captain wawn was a recruiting ship-master during many years.
from hispleasant book one gets the idea that the recruiting business was quitepopular with the islanders, as a rule.
and yet that did not make thebusiness wholly dull and uninteresting; for one finds rather frequentlittle breaks in the monotony of it--like this, for instance:     "the afternoon of our arrival at leper island the schooner was lying     almost becalmed under the lee of the lofty central portion of the     island, about three-quarters of a mile from the shore.
the boats     were in sight at some distance.
the recruiter-boat had run into a     small nook on the rocky coast, under a high bank, above which stood     a solitary hut backed by dense forest.
the government agent and     mate in the second boat lay about 400 yards to the westward.
"suddenly we heard the sound of firing, followed by yells from the     natives on shore, and then we saw the recruiter-boat push out with a     seemingly diminished crew.
the mate's boat pulled quickly up, took     her in tow, and presently brought her alongside, all her own crew     being more or less hurt.
it seems the natives had called them into     the place on pretence of friendship.
a crowd gathered about the     stern of the boat, and several fellows even got into her.
all of a     sudden our men were attacked with clubs and tomahawks.
the     recruiter escaped the first blows aimed at him, making play with his     fists until he had an opportunity to draw his revolver.
'tom     sayers,' a mare man, received a tomahawk blow on the head which laid     the scalp open but did not penetrate his skull, fortunately.
'bobby     towns,' another mare boatman, had both his thumbs cut in warding off     blows, one of them being so nearly severed from the hand that the     doctors had to finish the operation.
lihu, a lifu boy, the     recruiter's special attendant, was cut and pricked in various     places, but nowhere seriously.
jack, an unlucky tanna recruit, who     had been engaged to act as boatman, received an arrow through his     forearm, the head of which--apiece of bone seven or eight inches     long--was still in the limb, protruding from both sides, when the     boats returned.
the recruiter himself would have got off scot-free     had not an arrow pinned one of his fingers to the loom of the     steering-oar just as they were getting off.
the fight had been     short but sharp.
the enemy lost two men, both shot dead."
the truth is, captain wawn furnishes such a crowd of instances of fatalencounters between natives and french and english recruiting-crews (forthe french are in the business for the plantations of new caledonia),that one is almost persuaded that recruiting is not thoroughly popularamong the islanders; else why this bristling string of attacks andbloodcurdling slaughter?
the captain lays it all to "exeter hallinfluence."
but for the meddling philanthropists, the native fathers andmothers would be fond of seeing their children carted into exile and nowand then the grave, instead of weeping about it and trying to kill thekind recruiters.
captain wawn is crystal-clear on one point: he does not approve ofmissionaries.
they obstruct his business.
they make "recruiting," as hecalls it ("slave-catching," as they call it in their frank way) a troublewhen it ought to be just a picnic and a pleasure excursion.
themissionaries have their opinion about the manner in which the labortraffic is conducted, and about the recruiter's evasions of the law ofthe traffic, and about the traffic itself--and it is distinctlyuncomplimentary to the traffic and to everything connected with it,including the law for its regulation.
captain wawn's book is of veryrecent date; i have by me a pamphlet of still later date--hot from thepress, in fact--by rev.
gray, a missionary; and the book and thepamphlet taken together make exceedingly interesting reading, to my mind.
interesting, and easy to understand--except in one detail, which i willmention presently.
it is easy to understand why the queensland sugarplanter should want the kanaka recruit: he is cheap.
very cheap, infact.
these are the figures paid by the planter: l20 to the recruiterfor getting the kanaka or "catching" him, as the missionary phrase goes;l3 to the queensland government for "superintending" the importation; l5deposited with the government for the kanaka's passage home when histhree years are up, in case he shall live that long; about l25 to thekanaka himself for three years' wages and clothing; total payment for theuse of a man three years, l53; or, including diet, l60.
altogether, ahundred dollars a year.
one can understand why the recruiter is fond ofthe business; the recruit costs him a few cheap presents (given to therecruit's relatives, not to the recruit himself), and the recruit isworth l20 to the recruiter when delivered in queensland.
all this isclear enough; butthe thing that is not clear is, what there is about it all to persuadethe recruit.
he is young and brisk; life at home in his beautiful islandis one lazy, long holiday to him; or if he wants to work he can turn outa couple of bags of copra per week and sell it for four or five shillingsa bag.
in queensland he must get up at dawn and work from eight totwelve hours a day in the canefields--in a much hotter climate than he isused to--and get less than four shillings a week for it.
i cannot understand his willingness to go to queensland.
it is a deeppuzzle to me.
here is the explanation, from the planter's point of view;at least i gather from the missionary's pamphlet that it is theplanter's:     "when he comes from his home he is a savage, pure and simple.
he     feels no shame at his nakedness and want of adornment.
when he     returns home he does so well dressed, sporting a waterbury watch,     collars, cuffs, boots, and jewelry.
he takes with him one or more     boxes--["box" is english for trunk.]
--well filled with clothing, a     musical instrument or two, and perfumery and other articles of     luxury he has learned to appreciate."
for just one moment we have a seeming flash of comprehension of, thekanaka's reason for exiling himself: he goes away to acquirecivilization.
yes, he was naked and not ashamed, now he is clothed andknows how to be ashamed; he was unenlightened; now he has a waterburywatch; he was unrefined, now he has jewelry, and something to make himsmell good; he was a nobody, a provincial, now he has been to farcountries and can show off.
it all looks plausible--for a moment.
then the missionary takes hold ofthis explanation and pulls it to pieces, and dances on it, and damages itbeyond recognition.
"admitting that the foregoing description is the average one, the     average sequel is this: the cuffs and collars, if used at all, are     carried off by youngsters, who fasten them round the leg, just below     the knee, as ornaments.
the waterbury, broken and dirty, finds its     way to the trader, who gives a trifle for it; or the inside is taken     out, the wheels strung on a thread and hung round the neck.
knives,     axes, calico, and handkerchiefs are divided among friends, and there     is hardly one of these apiece.
the boxes, the keys often lost on     the road home, can be bought for 2s.
they are to be seen     rotting outside in almost any shore village on tanna.
(i speak of     what i have seen.)
a returned kanaka has been furiously angry with     me because i would not buy his trousers, which he declared were just     my fit.
he sold them afterwards to one of my aniwan teachers for     9d.
worth of tobacco--a pair of trousers that probably cost him 8s.
a coat or shirt is handy for cold weather.
the white handkerchiefs, the 'senet' (perfumery), the umbrella, and     perhaps the hat, are kept.
the boots have to take their chance, if     they do not happen to fit the copra trader.
'senet' on the hair,     streaks of paint on the face, a dirty white handkerchief round the     neck, strips of turtle shell in the ears, a belt, a sheath and     knife, and an umbrella constitute the rig of returned kanaka at home     the day after landing."
a hat, an umbrella, a belt, a neckerchief.
otherwise stark naked.
allin a day the hard-earned "civilization" has melted away to this.
andeven these perishable things must presently go.
indeed, there is but asingle detail of his civilization that can be depended on to stay by him:according to the missionary, he has learned to swear.
this is art, andart is long, as the poet says.
in all countries the laws throw light upon the past.
the queensland lawfor the regulation of the labor traffic is a confession.
it is aconfession that the evils charged by the missionaries upon the traffichad existed in the past, and that they still existed when the law wasmade.
the missionaries make a further charge: that the law is evaded bythe recruiters, and that the government agent sometimes helps them to doit.
regulation 31 reveals two things: that sometimes a young fool of arecruit gets his senses back, after being persuaded to sign away hisliberty for three years, and dearly wants to get out of the engagementand stay at home with his own people; and that threats, intimidation, andforce are used to keep him on board the recruiting-ship, and to hold himto his contract.
regulation 31 forbids these coercions.
the lawrequires that he shall be allowed to go free; and another clause of itrequires the recruiter to set him ashore--per boat, because of theprevalence of sharks.
testimony from rev.
mr. gray:     "there are 'wrinkles' for taking the penitent kanaka.
my first     experience of the traffic was a case of this kind in 1884.  a vessel     anchored just out of sight of our station, word was brought to me     that some boys were stolen, and the relatives wished me to go and     get them back.
the facts were, as i found, that six boys had     recruited, had rushed into the boat, the government agent informed     me.
they had all 'signed'; and, said the government agent, 'on     board they shall remain.'
i was assured that the six boys were of     age and willing to go.
yet on getting ready to leave the ship i     found four of the lads ready to come ashore in the boat!
this i     forbade.
one of them jumped into the water and persisted in coming     ashore in my boat.
when appealed to, the government agent suggested     that we go and leave him to be picked up by the ship's boat, a     quarter mile distant at the time!"
the law and the missionaries feel for the repentant recruit--andproperly, one may be permitted to think, for he is only a youth andignorant and persuadable to his hurt--but sympathy for him is not kept instock by the recruiter.
mr. gray says:     "a captain many years in the traffic explained to me how a penitent     could betaken.
'when a boy jumps overboard we just take a boat and     pull ahead of him, then lie between him and the shore.
if he has     not tired himself swimming, and passes the boat, keep on heading him     in this way.
the dodge rarely fails.
the boy generally tires of     swimming, gets into the boat of his own accord, and goes quietly on     board."
yes, exhaustion is likely to make a boy quiet.
if the distressed boy hadbeen the speaker's son, and the captors savages, the speaker would havebeen surprised to see how differently the thing looked from the new pointof view; however, it is not our custom to put ourselves in the otherperson's place.
somehow there is something pathetic about thatdisappointed young savage's resignation.
i must explain, here, that inthe traffic dialect, "boy" does not always mean boy; it means a youthabove sixteen years of age.
that is by queensland law the age ofconsent, though it is held that recruiters allow themselves some latitudein guessing at ages.
captain wawn of the free spirit chafes under the annoyance of "cast-ironregulations."
they and the missionaries have poisoned his life.
hegrieves for the good old days, vanished to come no more.
see him weep;hear him cuss between the lines!
"for a long time we were allowed to apprehend and detain all     deserters who had signed the agreement on board ship, but the     'cast-iron' regulations of the act of 1884 put a stop to that,     allowing the kanaka to sign the agreement for three years' service,     travel about in the ship in receipt of the regular rations, cadge     all he could, and leave when he thought fit, so long as he did not     extend his pleasure trip to queensland."
mr. gray calls this same restrictive cast-iron law a "farce."
"thereis as much cruelty and injustice done to natives by acts that are legalas by deeds unlawful.
the regulations that exist are unjust andinadequate--unjust and inadequate they must ever be."
he furnishes hisreasons for his position, but they are too long for reproduction here.
however, if the most a kanaka advantages himself by a three-years coursein civilization in queensland, is a necklace and an umbrella and a showyimperfection in the art of swearing, it must be that all the profit ofthe traffic goes to the white man.
this could be twisted into aplausible argument that the traffic ought to be squarely abolished.
however, there is reason for hope that that can be left alone to achieveitself.
it is claimed that the traffic will depopulate its sources ofsupply within the next twenty or thirty years.
queensland is a veryhealthy place for white people--death-rate 12 in 1,000 of the population--but the kanaka death-rate is away above that.
the vital statistics for1893 place it at 52; for 1894 (mackay district), 68.  the first sixmonths of the kanaka's exile are peculiarly perilous for him because ofthe rigors of the new climate.
the death-rate among the new men hasreached as high as 180 in the 1,000.  in the kanaka's native home hisdeath-rate is 12 in time of peace, and 15 in time of war.
thus exile toqueensland--with the opportunity to acquire civilization, an umbrella,and a pretty poor quality of profanity--is twelve times as deadly for himas war.
common christian charity, common humanity, does seem to require,not only that these people be returned to their homes, but that war,pestilence, and famine be introduced among them for their preservation.
concerning these pacific isles and their peoples an eloquent prophetspoke long years ago--five and fifty years ago.
in fact, he spoke alittle too early.
prophecy is a good line of business, but it is full ofrisks.
this prophet was the right rev.
m. russell, ll.d., d.c.l., ofedinburgh:     "is the tide of civilization to roll only to the foot of the rocky     mountains, and is the sun of knowledge to set at last in the waves     of the pacific?
no; the mighty day of four thousand years is     drawing to its close; the sun of humanity has performed its destined     course; but long ere its setting rays are extinguished in the west,     its ascending beams have glittered on the isles of the eastern seas     .
and now we see the race of japhet setting forth to     people the isles, and the seeds of another europe and a second     england sown in the regions of the sun.
but mark the words of the     prophecy: 'he shall dwell in the tents of shem, and canaan shall be     his servant.'
it is not said canaan shall be his slave.
to the     anglo-saxon race is given the scepter of the globe, but there is not     given either the lash of the slave-driver or the rack of the     executioner.
the east will not be stained with the same atrocities     as the west; the frightful gangrene of an enthralled race is not to     mar the destinies of the family of japhet in the oriental world;     humanizing, not destroying, as they advance; uniting with, not     enslaving, the inhabitants with whom they dwell, the british race     may,"  etc., etc.
and he closes his vision with an invocation from thomson:          "come, bright improvement!
on the car of time,          and rule the spacious world from clime to clime."
very well, bright improvement has arrived, you see, with hercivilization, and her waterbury, and her umbrella, and her third-qualityprofanity, and her humanizing-not-destroying machinery, and herhundred-and-eighty death-rate, and everything is going along just ashandsome!
but the prophet that speaks last has an advantage over the pioneer in thebusiness.
mr. gray says:     "what i am concerned about is that we as a christian nation should     wipe out these races to enrich ourselves."
and he closes his pamphlet with a grim indictment which is as eloquent inits flowerless straightforward english as is the hand-painted rhapsody ofthe early prophet:     "my indictment of the queensland-kanaka labor traffic is this     "1. it generally demoralizes and always impoverishes the kanaka,     deprives him of his citizenship, and depopulates the islands fitted     to his home.
"2. it is felt to lower the dignity of the white agricultural     laborer in queensland, and beyond a doubt it lowers his wages there.
"3. the whole system is fraught with danger to australia and the     islands on the score of health.
"4. on social and political grounds the continuance of the     queensland kanaka labor traffic must be a barrier to the true     federation of the australian colonies.
"5. the regulations under which the traffic exists in queensland are     inadequate to prevent abuses, and in the nature of things they must     remain so.
"6. the whole system is contrary to the spirit and doctrine of the     gospel of jesus christ.
the gospel requires us to help the weak,     but the kanaka is fleeced and trodden down.
"7. the bed-rock of this traffic is that the life and liberty of a     black man are of less value than those of a white man.
and a     traffic that has grown out of 'slave-hunting' will certainly remain     to the end not unlike its origin."
from diary:--for a day or two we have been plowing among an invisiblevast wilderness of islands, catching now and then a shadowy glimpse of amember of it.
there does seem to be a prodigious lot of islands thisyear; the map of this region is freckled and fly-specked all over withthem.
their number would seem to be uncountable.
we are moving amongthe fijis now--224 islands and islets in the group.
in front of us, tothe west, the wilderness stretches toward australia, then curves upwardto new guinea, and still up and up to japan; behind us, to the east, thewilderness stretches sixty degrees across the wastes of the pacific;south of us is new zealand.
somewhere or other among these myriads samoais concealed, and not discoverable on the map.
still, if you wish to gothere, you will have no trouble about finding it if you follow thedirections given by robert louis stevenson to dr. conan doyle and to mr.j. m. barrie.
"you go to america, cross the continent to san francisco,and then it's the second turning to the left."
to get the full flavor ofthe joke one must take a glance at the map.
wednesday, september 11.--yesterday we passed close to an island or so,and recognized the published fiji characteristics: a broad belt of cleanwhite coral sand around the island; back of it a graceful fringe ofleaning palms, with native huts nestling cosily among the shrubbery attheir bases; back of these a stretch of level land clothed in tropicvegetation; back of that, rugged and picturesque mountains.
a detailof the immediate foreground: a mouldering ship perched high up on areef-bench.
this completes the composition, and makes the pictureartistically perfect.
in the afternoon we sighted suva, the capital of the group, and threadedour way into the secluded little harbor--a placid basin of brilliant blueand green water tucked snugly in among the sheltering hills.
a few shipsrode at anchor in it--one of them a sailing vessel flying the americanflag; and they said she came from duluth!
there's a journey!
duluth isseveral thousand miles from the sea, and yet she is entitled to the proudname of mistress of the commercial marine of the united states ofamerica.
there is only one free, independent, unsubsidized american shipsailing the foreign seas, and duluth owns it.
all by itself that ship isthe american fleet.
all by itself it causes the american name and powerto be respected in the far regions of the globe.
all by itself itcertifies to the world that the most populous civilized nation, in theearth has a just pride in her stupendous stretch of sea-front, and isdetermined to assert and maintain her rightful place as one of the greatmaritime powers of the planet.
all by itself it is making foreign eyesfamiliar with a flag which they have not seen before for forty years,outside of the museum.
for what duluth has done, in building, equipping,and maintaining at her sole expense the american foreign commercialfleet, and in thus rescuing the american name from shame and lifting ithigh for the homage of the nations, we owe her a debt of gratitude whichour hearts shall confess with quickened beats whenever her name is namedhenceforth.
many national toasts will die in the lapse of time, butwhile the flag flies and the republic survives, they who live under theirshelter will still drink this one, standing and uncovered: health andprosperity to thee, o duluth, american queen of the alien seas!
row-boats began to flock from the shore; their crews were the firstnatives we had seen.
these men carried no overplus of clothing, and thiswas wise, for the weather was hot.
handsome, great dusky men they were,muscular, clean-limbed, and with faces full of character andintelligence.
it would be hard to find their superiors anywhere amongthe dark races, i should think.
everybody went ashore to look around, and spy out the land, and have thatluxury of luxuries to sea-voyagers--a land-dinner.
and there we saw morenatives: wrinkled old women, with their flat mammals flung over theirshoulders, or hanging down in front like the cold-weather drip from themolasses-faucet; plump and smily young girls, blithe and content, easyand graceful, a pleasure to look at; young matrons, tall, straight,comely, nobly built, sweeping by with chin up, and a gait incomparablefor unconscious stateliness and dignity; majestic young men--athletes forbuild and muscle--clothed in a loose arrangement of dazzling white, withbronze breast and bronze legs naked, and the head a cannon-swab of solidhair combed straight out from the skull and dyed a rich brick-red.
onlysixty years ago they were sunk in darkness; now they have the bicycle.
we strolled about the streets of the white folks' little town, and aroundover the hills by paths and roads among european dwellings and gardensand plantations, and past clumps of hibiscus that made a body blink, thegreat blossoms were so intensely red; and by and by we stopped to ask anelderly english colonist a question or two, and to sympathize with himconcerning the torrid weather; but he was surprised, and said:"this?
this is not hot.
you ought to be here in the summer time once."
"we supposed that this was summer; it has the ear-marks of it.
you couldtake it to almost any country and deceive people with it.
but if itisn't summer, what does it lack?"
"it lacks half a year.
this is mid-winter."
i had been suffering from colds for several months, and a sudden changeof season, like this, could hardly fail to do me hurt.
it brought onanother cold.
it is odd, these sudden jumps from season to season.
afortnight ago we left america in mid-summer, now it is midwinter; about aweek hence we shall arrive in australia in the spring.
after dinner i found in the billiard-room a resident whom i had knownsomewhere else in the world, and presently made some new friends anddrove with them out into the country to visit his excellency the head ofthe state, who was occupying his country residence, to escape the rigorsof the winter weather, i suppose, for it was on breezy high ground andmuch more comfortable than the lower regions, where the town is, andwhere the winter has full swing, and often sets a person's hair afirewhen he takes off his hat to bow.
there is a noble and beautiful view ofocean and islands and castellated peaks from the governor's high-placedhouse, and its immediate surroundings lie drowsing in that dreamy reposeand serenity which are the charm of life in the pacific islands.
one of the new friends who went out there with me was a large man, and ihad been admiring his size all the way.
i was still admiring it as hestood by the governor on the veranda, talking; then the fijian butlerstepped out there to announce tea, and dwarfed him.
maybe he did notquite dwarf him, but at any rate the contrast was quite striking.
perhaps that dark giant was a king in a condition of politicalsuspension.
i think that in the talk there on the veranda it was saidthat in fiji, as in the sandwich islands, native kings and chiefs are ofmuch grander size and build than the commoners.
this man was clothed inflowing white vestments, and they were just the thing for him; theycomported well with his great stature and his kingly port and dignity.
european clothes would have degraded him and made him commonplace.
iknow that, because they do that with everybody that wears them.
it was said that the old-time devotion to chiefs and reverence for theirpersons still survive in the native commoner, and in great force.
theeducated young gentleman who is chief of the tribe that live in theregion about the capital dresses in the fashion of high-class europeangentlemen, but even his clothes cannot damn him in the reverence of hispeople.
their pride in his lofty rank and ancient lineage lives on, inspite of his lost authority and the evil magic of his tailor.
he has noneed to defile himself with work, or trouble his heart with the sordidcares of life; the tribe will see to it that he shall not want, and thathe shall hold up his head and live like a gentleman.
i had a glimpse ofhim down in the town.
perhaps he is a descendant of the last king--theking with the difficult name whose memory is preserved by a notablemonument of cut-stone which one sees in the enclosure in the middle ofthe town.
thakombau--i remember, now; that is the name.
it is easier topreserve it on a granite block than in your head.
fiji was ceded to england by this king in 1858.  one of the gentlemenpresent at the governor's quoted a remark made by the king at the time ofthe session--a neat retort, and with a touch of pathos in it, too.
theenglish commissioner had offered a crumb of comfort to thakombau bysaying that the transfer of the kingdom to great britain was merely "asort of hermit-crab formality, you know."
"yes," said poor thakombau,"but with this difference--the crab moves into an unoccupied shell, butmine isn't."
however, as far as i can make out from the books, the king was betweenthe devil and the deep sea at the time, and hadn't much choice.
he owedthe united states a large debt--a debt which he could pay if allowedtime, but time was denied him.
he must pay up right away or the warshipswould be upon him.
to protect his people from this disaster he ceded hiscountry to britain, with a clause in the contract providing for theultimate payment of the american debt.
in old times the fijians were fierce fighters; they were very religious,and worshiped idols; the big chiefs were proud and haughty, and they weremen of great style in many ways; all chiefs had several wives, thebiggest chiefs sometimes had as many as fifty; when a chief was dead andready for burial, four or five of his wives were strangled and put intothe grave with him.
in 1804 twenty-seven british convicts escaped fromaustralia to fiji, and brought guns and ammunition with them.
considerwhat a power they were, armed like that, and what an opportunity theyhad.
if they had been energetic men and sober, and had had brains andknown how to use them, they could have achieved the sovereignty of thearchipelago(--)twenty-seven kings and each with eight or nine islandsunderhis scepter.
but nothing came of this chance.
they lived worthlesslives of sin and luxury, and died without honor--in most cases byviolence.
only one of them had any ambition; he was an irishman namedconnor.
he tried to raise a family of fifty children, and scoredforty-eight.
he died lamenting his failure.
it was a foolish sortof avarice.
many a father would have been rich enough with forty.
it is a fine race, the fijians, with brains in their heads, and aninquiring turn of mind.
it appears that their savage ancestors had adoctrine of immortality in their scheme of religion--with limitations.
that is to say, their dead friend would go to a happy hereafter if hecould be accumulated, but not otherwise.
they drew the line; theythought that the missionary's doctrine was too sweeping, toocomprehensive.
they called his attention to certain facts.
forinstance, many of their friends had been devoured by sharks; the sharks,in their turn, were caught and eaten by other men; later, these men werecaptured in war, and eaten by the enemy.
the original persons hadentered into the composition of the sharks; next, they and the sharks hadbecome part of the flesh and blood and bone of the cannibals.
how, then,could the particles of the original men be searched out from the finalconglomerate and put together again?
the inquirers were full of doubts,and considered that the missionary had not examined the matter with thegravity and attention which so serious a thing deserved.
the missionary taught these exacting savages many valuable things, andgot from them one--a very dainty and poetical idea: those wild andignorant poor children of nature believed that the flowers, after theyperish, rise on the winds and float away to the fair fields of heaven,and flourish there forever in immortal beauty!
when one glances at the map the members of the stupendous islandwilderness of the pacific seem to crowd upon each other; but no, there isno crowding, even in the center of a group; and between groups there arelonely wide deserts of sea.
not everything is known about the islands,their peoples and their languages.
a startling reminder of this isfurnished by the fact that in fiji, twenty years ago, were living twostrange and solitary beings who came from an unknown country and spoke anunknown language.
"they were picked up by a passing vessel many hundredsof miles from any known land, floating in the same tiny canoe in whichthey had been blown out to sea.
when found they were but skin and bone.
no one could understand what they said, and they have never named theircountry; or, if they have, the name does not correspond with that of anyisland on any chart.
they are now fat and sleek, and as happy as the dayis long.
in the ship's log there is an entry of the latitude andlongitude in which they were found, and this is probably all the cluethey will ever have to their lost homes."
--[forbes's "two years infiji."]
what a strange and romantic episode it is; and how one is tortured withcuriosity to know whence those mysterious creatures came, those menwithout a country, errant waifs who cannot name their lost home,wandering children of nowhere.
indeed, the island wilderness is the very home of romance and dreams andmystery.
the loneliness, the solemnity, the beauty, and the deep reposeof this wilderness have a charm which is all their own for the bruisedspirit of men who have fought and failed in the struggle for life in thegreat world; and for men who have been hunted out of the great world forcrime; and for other men who love an easy and indolent existence; and forothers who love a roving free life, and stir and change and adventure;and for yet others who love an easy and comfortable career of trading andmoney-getting, mixed with plenty of loose matrimony by purchase, divorcewithout trial or expense, and limitless spreeing thrown in to make lifeideally perfect.
we sailed again, refreshed.
the most cultivated person in the ship was a young englishman whosehome was in new zealand.
he was a naturalist.
his learning in hisspecialty was deep and thorough, his interest in his subject amounted toa passion, he had an easy gift of speech; and so, when he talked aboutanimals it was a pleasure to listen to him.
and profitable, too, thoughhe was sometimes difficult to understand because now and then he usedscientific technicalities which were above the reach of some of us.
theywere pretty sure to be above my reach, but as he was quite willing toexplain them i always made it a point to get him to do it.
i had a fairknowledge of his subject--layman's knowledge--to begin with, but it washis teachings which crystalized it into scientific form and clarity--in aword, gave it value.
his special interest was the fauna of australasia, and his knowledge ofthe matter was as exhaustive as it was accurate.
i already knew a gooddeal about the rabbits in australasia and their marvelous fecundity, butin my talks with him i found that my estimate of the great hindrance andobstruction inflicted by the rabbit pest upon traffic and travel was farshort of the facts.
he told me that the first pair of rabbits importedinto australasia bred so wonderfully that within six months rabbits wereso thick in the land that people had to dig trenches through them to getfrom town to town.
he told me a great deal about worms, and the kangaroo, and othercoleoptera, and said he knew the history and ways of all suchpachydermata.
he said the kangaroo had pockets, and carried its young inthem when it couldn't get apples.
and he said that the emu was as big asan ostrich, and looked like one, and had an amorphous appetite and wouldeat bricks.
also, that the dingo was not a dingo at all, but just a wilddog; and that the only difference between a dingo and a dodo was thatneither of them barked; otherwise they were just the same.
he said thatthe only game-bird in australia was the wombat, and the only song-birdthe larrikin, and that both were protected by government.
the mostbeautiful of the native birds was the bird of paradise.
next came thetwo kinds of lyres; not spelt the same.
he said the one kind was dyingout, the other thickening up.
he explained that the "sundowner" was nota bird it was a man; sundowner was merely the australian equivalent ofour word, tramp.
he is a loafer, a hard drinker, and a sponge.
hetramps across the country in the sheep-shearing season, pretending tolook for work; but he always times himself to arrive at a sheep-run justat sundown, when the day's labor ends; all he wants is whisky and supperand bed and breakfast; he gets them and then disappears.
the naturalistspoke of the bell bird, the creature that at short intervals all dayrings out its mellow and exquisite peal from the deeps of the forest.
itis the favorite and best friend of the weary and thirsty sundowner; forhe knows that wherever the bell bird is, there is water; and he goessomewhere else.
the naturalist said that the oddest bird in australasiawas the laughing jackass, and the biggest the now extinct great moa.
the moa stood thirteen feet high, and could step over an ordinary man'shead or kick his hat off; and his head, too, for that matter.
he said itwas wingless, but a swift runner.
the natives used to ride it.
it couldmake forty miles an hour, and keep it up for four hundred miles and comeout reasonably fresh.
it was still in existence when the railway wasintroduced into new zealand; still in existence, and carrying the mails.
the railroad began with the same schedule it has now: two expresses aweek-time, twenty miles an hour.
the company exterminated the moa to getthe mails.
speaking of the indigenous coneys and bactrian camels, the naturalistsaid that the coniferous and bacteriological output of australasia wasremarkable for its many and curious departures from the accepted lawsgoverning these species of tubercles, but that in his opinion nature'sfondness for dabbling in the erratic was most notably exhibited in thatcurious combination of bird, fish, amphibian, burrower, crawler,quadruped, and christian called the ornithorhynchus--grotesquest ofanimals, king of the animalculae of the world for versatility ofcharacter and make-up.
said he:     "you can call it anything you want to, and be right.
it is a fish,     for it lives in the river half the time; it is a land animal, for it     resides on the land half the time; it is an amphibian, since it     likes both and does not know which it prefers; it is a hybernian,     for when times are dull and nothing much going on it buries itself     under the mud at the bottom of a puddle and hybernates there a     couple of weeks at a time; it is a kind of duck, for it has a     duck-bill and four webbed paddles; it is a fish and quadruped     together, for in the water it swims with the paddles and on shore it     paws itself across country with them; it is a kind of seal, for it     has a seal's fur; it is carnivorous, herbivorous, insectivorous, and     vermifuginous, for it eats fish and grass and butterflies, and in     the season digs worms out of the mud and devours them; it is clearly     a bird, for it lays eggs, and hatches them; it is clearly a mammal,     for it nurses its young; and it is manifestly a kind of christian,     for it keeps the sabbath when there is anybody around, and when     there isn't, doesn't.
it has all the tastes there are except     refined ones, it has all the habits there are except good ones.
"it is a survival--a survival of the fittest.
mr. darwin invented     the theory that goes by that name, but the ornithorhynchus was the     first to put it to actual experiment and prove that it could be     done.
hence it should have as much of the credit as mr. darwin.
it was never in the ark; you will find no mention of it there; it     nobly stayed out and worked the theory.
of all creatures in the     world it was the only one properly equipped for the test.
the ark     was thirteen months afloat, and all the globe submerged; no land     visible above the flood, no vegetation, no food for a mammal to eat,     nor water for a mammal to drink; for all mammal food was destroyed,     and when the pure floods from heaven and the salt oceans of the     earth mingled their waters and rose above the mountain tops, the     result was a drink which no bird or beast of ordinary construction     could use and live.
but this combination was nuts for the     ornithorhynchus, if i may use a term like that without offense.
its river home had always been salted by the flood-tides of the sea.
on the face of the noachian deluge innumerable forest trees were     floating.
upon these the ornithorhynchus voyaged in peace; voyaged     from clime to clime, from hemisphere to hemisphere, in contentment     and comfort, in virile interest in the constant change of scene, in     humble thankfulness for its privileges, in ever-increasing     enthusiasm in the development of the great theory upon whose     validity it had staked its life, its fortunes, and its sacred honor,     if i may use such expressions without impropriety in connection with     an episode of this nature.
"it lived the tranquil and luxurious life of a creature of     independent means.
of things actually necessary to its existence     and its happiness not a detail was wanting.
when it wished to walk,     it scrambled along the tree-trunk; it mused in the shade of the     leaves by day, it slept in their shelter by night; when it wanted     the refreshment of a swim, it had it; it ate leaves when it wanted a     vegetable diet, it dug under the bark for worms and grubs; when it     wanted fish it caught them, when it wanted eggs it laid them.
if     the grubs gave out in one tree it swam to another; and as for fish,     the very opulence of the supply was an embarrassment.
and finally,     when it was thirsty it smacked its chops in gratitude over a blend     that would have slain a crocodile.
"when at last, after thirteen months of travel and research in all     the zones it went aground on a mountain-summit, it strode ashore,     saying in its heart, 'let them that come after me invent theories     and dream dreams about the survival of the fittest if they like, but     i am the first that has done it!
"this wonderful creature dates back like the kangaroo and many other     australian hydrocephalous invertebrates, to an age long anterior to     the advent of man upon the earth; they date back, indeed, to a time     when a causeway hundreds of miles wide, and thousands of miles long,     joined australia to africa, and the animals of the two countries     were alike, and all belonged to that remote geological epoch known     to science as the old red grindstone post-pleosaurian.
later the     causeway sank under the sea; subterranean convulsions lifted the     african continent a thousand feet higher than it was before, but     australia kept her old level.
in africa's new climate the animals     necessarily began to develop and shade off into new forms and     families and species, but the animals of australia as necessarily     remained stationary, and have so remained until this day.
in the     course of some millions of years the african ornithorhynchus     developed and developed and developed, and sluffed off detail after     detail of its make-up until at last the creature became wholly     disintegrated and scattered.
whenever you see a bird or a beast or     a seal or an otter in africa you know that he is merely a sorry     surviving fragment of that sublime original of whom i have been     speaking--that creature which was everything in general and nothing     in particular--the opulently endowed 'e pluribus unum' of the animal     world.
"such is the history of the most hoary, the most ancient, the most     venerable creature that exists in the earth today--ornithorhynchus     platypus extraordinariensis--whom god preserve!"
when he was strongly moved he could rise and soar like that with ease.
and not only in the prose form, but in the poetical as well.
he hadwritten many pieces of poetry in his time, and these manuscripts he lentaround among the passengers, and was willing to let them be copied.
itseemed to me that the least technical one in the series, and the onewhich reached the loftiest note, perhaps, was his:               invocation.
"come forth from thy oozy couch,     o ornithorhynchus dear!
and greet with a cordial claw     the stranger that longs to hear     "from thy own own lips the tale     of thy origin all unknown:     thy misplaced bone where flesh should be     and flesh where should be bone;     "and fishy fin where should be paw,     and beaver-trowel tail,     and snout of beast equip'd with teeth     where gills ought to prevail.
"come, kangaroo, the good and true     foreshortened as to legs,     and body tapered like a churn,     and sack marsupial, i' fegs,     "and tells us why you linger here,     thou relic of a vanished time,     when all your friends as fossils sleep,     immortalized in lime!"
perhaps no poet is a conscious plagiarist; but there seems to be warrantfor suspecting that there is no poet who is not at one time or another anunconscious one.
the above verses are indeed beautiful, and, in a way,touching; but there is a haunting something about them which unavoidablysuggests the sweet singer of michigan.
it can hardly be doubted that theauthor had read the works of that poet and been impressed by them.
it isnot apparent that he has borrowed from them any word or yet any phrase,but the style and swing and mastery and melody of the sweet singer allare there.
compare this invocation with "frank dutton"--particularlystanzas first and seventeenth--and i think the reader will feel convincedthat he who wrote the one had read the other:     i.
"frank dutton was as fine a lad     as ever you wish to see,     and he was drowned in pine island lake     on earth no more will he be,     his age was near fifteen years,     and he was a motherless boy,     he was living with his grandmother     when he was drowned, poor boy."
"he was drowned on tuesday afternoon,     on sunday he was found,     and the tidings of that drowned boy     was heard for miles around.
his form was laid by his mother's side,     beneath the cold, cold ground,     his friends for him will drop a tear     when they view his little mound."
the sentimental song book.
by mrs. julia moore, p. 36.sept. 15--night.
close to australia now.
sydney 50 miles distant.
that note recalls an experience.
the passengers were sent for, to comeup in the bow and see a fine sight.
it was very dark.
one could notfollow with the eye the surface of the sea more than fifty yards in anydirection it dimmed away and became lost to sight at about that distancefrom us.
but if you patiently gazed into the darkness a little while,there was a sure reward for you.
presently, a quarter of a mile away youwould see a blinding splash or explosion of light on the water--a flashso sudden and so astonishingly brilliant that it would make you catchyour breath; then that blotch of light would instantly extend itself andtake the corkscrew shape and imposing length of the fabled sea-serpent,with every curve of its body and the "break" spreading away from itshead, and the wake following behind its tail clothed in a fierce splendorof living fire.
and my, but it was coming at a lightning gait!
almostbefore you could think, this monster of light, fifty feet long, would goflaming and storming by, and suddenly disappear.
and out in the distancewhence he came you would see another flash; and another and another andanother, and see them turn into sea-serpents on the instant; and oncesixteen flashed up at the same time and came tearing towards us, a swarmof wiggling curves, a moving conflagration, a vision of bewilderingbeauty, a spectacle of fire and energy whose equal the most of thosepeople will not see again until after they are dead.
it was porpoises--porpoises aglow with phosphorescent light.
theypresently collected in a wild and magnificent jumble under the bows, andthere they played for an hour, leaping and frollicking and carrying on,turning summersaults in front of the stem or across it and never gettinghit, never making a miscalculation, though the stem missed them onlyabout an inch, as a rule.
they were porpoises of the ordinary length--eight or ten feet--but every twist of their bodies sent a longprocession of united and glowing curves astern.
that fiery jumble wasan enchanting thing to look at, and we stayed out the performance; onecannot have such a show as that twice in a lifetime.
the porpoise is thekitten of the sea; he never has a serious thought, he cares for nothingbut fun and play.
but i think i never saw him at his winsomest untilthat night.
it was near a center of civilization, and he could have beendrinking.
by and by, when we had approached to somewhere within thirty miles ofsydney heads the great electric light that is posted on one of thoselofty ramparts began to show, and in time the little spark grew to agreat sun and pierced the firmament of darkness with a far-reaching swordof light.
sydney harbor is shut in behind a precipice that extends some miles likea wall, and exhibits no break to the ignorant stranger.
it has a breakin the middle, but it makes so little show that even captain cook sailedby it without seeing it.
near by that break is a false break whichresembles it, and which used to make trouble for the mariner at night, inthe early days before the place was lighted.
it caused the memorabledisaster to the duncan dunbar, one of the most pathetic tragedies in thehistory of that pitiless ruffian, the sea.
the ship was a sailingvessel; a fine and favorite passenger packet, commanded by a popularcaptain of high reputation.
she was due from england, and sydney waswaiting, and counting the hours; counting the hours, and making ready togive her a heart-stirring welcome; for she was bringing back a greatcompany of mothers and daughters, the long-missed light and bloom of lifeof sydney homes; daughters that had been years absent at school, andmothers that had been with them all that time watching over them.
of allthe world only india and australasia have by custom freighted ships andfleets with their hearts, and know the tremendous meaning of that phrase;only they know what the waiting is like when this freightage is entrustedto the fickle winds, not steam, and what the joy is like when the shipthat is returning this treasure comes safe to port and the long dread isover.
on board the duncan dunbar, flying toward sydney heads in the waningafternoon, the happy home-comers made busy preparation, for it was notdoubted that they would be in the arms of their friends before the daywas done; they put away their sea-going clothes and put on clothes meeterfor the meeting, their richest and their loveliest, these poor brides ofthe grave.
but the wind lost force, or there was a miscalculation, andbefore the heads were sighted the darkness came on.
it was said thatordinarily the captain would have made a safe offing and waited for themorning; but this was no ordinary occasion; all about him were appealingfaces, faces pathetic with disappointment.
so his sympathy moved him totry the dangerous passage in the dark.
he had entered the headsseventeen times, and believed he knew the ground.
so he steered straightfor the false opening, mistaking it for the true one.
he did not findout that he was wrong until it was too late.
there was no saving theship.
the great seas swept her in and crushed her to splinters andrubbish upon the rock tushes at the base of the precipice.
not one ofall that fair and gracious company was ever seen again alive.
the taleis told to every stranger that passes the spot, and it will continue tobe told to all that come, for generations; but it will never grow old,custom cannot stale it, the heart-break that is in it can never perishout of it.
there were two hundred persons in the ship, and but one survived thedisaster.
he was a sailor.
a huge sea flung him up the face of theprecipice and stretched him on a narrow shelf of rock midway between thetop and the bottom, and there he lay all night.
at any other time hewould have lain there for the rest of his life, without chance ofdiscovery; but the next morning the ghastly news swept through sydneythat the duncan dunbar had gone down in sight of home, and straightwaythe walls of the heads were black with mourners; and one of these,stretching himself out over the precipice to spy out what might be seenbelow, discovered this miraculously preserved relic of the wreck.
ropeswere brought and the nearly impossible feat of rescuing the man wasaccomplished.
he was a person with a practical turn of mind, and hehired a hall in sydney and exhibited himself at sixpence a head till heexhausted the output of the gold fields for that year.
we entered and cast anchor, and in the morning went oh-ing and ah-ing inadmiration up through the crooks and turns of the spacious and beautifulharbor--a harbor which is the darling of sydney and the wonder of theworld.
it is not surprising that the people are proud of it, nor thatthey put their enthusiasm into eloquent words.
a returning citizen askedme what i thought of it, and i testified with a cordiality which i judgedwould be up to the market rate.
i said it was beautiful--superblybeautiful.
then by a natural impulse i gave god the praise.
the citizendid not seem altogether satisfied.
he said:"it is beautiful, of course it's beautiful--the harbor; but that isn'tall of it, it's only half of it; sydney's the other half, and it takesboth of them together to ring the supremacy-bell.
god made the harbor,and that's all right; but satan made sydney."
of course i made an apology; and asked him to convey it to his friend.
he was right about sydney being half of it.
it would be beautifulwithout sydney, but not above half as beautiful as it is now, with sydneyadded.
it is shaped somewhat like an oak-leaf--a roomy sheet of lovelyblue water, with narrow off-shoots of water running up into the countryon both sides between long fingers of land, high wooden ridges with sidessloped like graves.
handsome villas are perched here and there on theseridges, snuggling amongst the foliage, and one catches alluring glimpsesof them as the ship swims by toward the city.
the city clothes a clusterof hills and a ruffle of neighboring ridges with its undulating masses ofmasonry, and out of these masses spring towers and spires and otherarchitectural dignities and grandeurs that break the flowing lines andgive picturesqueness to the general effect.
the narrow inlets which i have mentioned go wandering out into the landeverywhere and hiding themselves in it, and pleasure-launches are alwaysexploring them with picnic parties on board.
it is said by trustworthypeople that if you explore them all you will find that you have covered700 miles of water passage.
but there are liars everywhere this year,and they will double that when their works are in good going order.
october was close at hand, spring was come.
it was really spring--everybody said so; but you could have sold it for summer in canada, andnobody would have suspected.
it was the very weather that makes our homesummers the perfection of climatic luxury; i mean, when you are out inthe wood or by the sea.
but these people said it was cool, now--a personought to see sydney in the summer time if he wanted to know what warmweather is; and he ought to go north ten or fifteen hundred miles if hewanted to know what hot weather is.
they said that away up there towardthe equator the hens laid fried eggs.
sydney is the place to go to getinformation about other people's climates.
it seems to me that theoccupation of unbiased traveler seeking information is the pleasantestand most irresponsible trade there is.
the traveler can always find outanything he wants to, merely by asking.
he can get at all the facts, andmore.
everybody helps him, nobody hinders him.
anybody who has an oldfact in stock that is no longer negotiable in the domestic market willlet him have it at his own price.
an accumulation of such goods iseasily and quickly made.
they cost almost nothing and they bring par inthe foreign market.
travelers who come to america always freight up withthe same old nursery tales that their predecessors selected, and theycarry them back and always work them off without any trouble in the homemarket.
if the climates of the world were determined by parallels of latitude,then we could know a place's climate by its position on the map; and sowe should know that the climate of sydney was the counterpart of theclimate of columbia, s. c., and of little rock, arkansas, since sydney isabout the same distance south of the equator that those other towns arenorth of-it--thirty-four degrees.
but no, climate disregards theparallels of latitude.
in arkansas they have a winter; in sydney theyhave the name of it, but not the thing itself.
i have seen the ice inthe mississippi floating past the mouth of the arkansas river; and atmemphis, but a little way above, the mississippi has been frozen over,from bank to bank.
but they have never had a cold spell in sydney whichbrought the mercury down to freezing point.
once in a mid-winter daythere, in the month of july, the mercury went down to 36 deg., and thatremains the memorable "cold day" in the history of the town.
no doubtlittle rock has seen it below zero.
once, in sydney, in mid-summer,about new year's day, the mercury went up to 106 deg.
in the shade, andthat is sydney's memorable hot day.
that would about tally with littlerock's hottest day also, i imagine.
my sydney figures are taken from agovernment report, and are trustworthy.
in the matter of summer weatherarkansas has no advantage over sydney, perhaps, but when it comes towinter weather, that is another affair.
you could cut up an arkansaswinter into a hundred sydney winters and have enough left for arkansasand the poor.
the whole narrow, hilly belt of the pacific side of new south wales hasthe climate of its capital--a mean winter temperature of 54 deg.
and amean summer one of 71 deg.
it is a climate which cannot be improved uponfor healthfulness.
but the experts say that 90 deg.
in new south walesis harder to bear than 112 deg.
in the neighboring colony of victoria,because the atmosphere of the former is humid, and of the latter dry.
the mean temperature of the southernmost point of new south wales is thesame as that of nice--60 deg.--yet nice is further from the equator by460 miles than is the former.
but nature is always stingy of perfect climates; stingier in the case ofaustralia than usual.
apparently this vast continent has a really goodclimate nowhere but around the edges.
if we look at a map of the world we are surprised to see how bigaustralia is.
it is about two-thirds as large as the united states wasbefore we added alaska.
but where as one finds a sufficiently good climate and fertile landalmost everywhere in the united states, it seems settled that inside ofthe australian border-belt one finds many deserts and in spots a climatewhich nothing can stand except a few of the hardier kinds of rocks.
ineffect, australia is as yet unoccupied.
if you take a map of the unitedstates and leave the atlantic sea-board states in their places; also thefringe of southern states from florida west to the mouth of themississippi; also a narrow, inhabited streak up the mississippi half-wayto its head waters; also a narrow, inhabited border along the pacificcoast: then take a brushful of paint and obliterate the whole remainingmighty stretch of country that lies between the atlantic states and thepacific-coast strip, your map will look like the latest map of australia.
this stupendous blank is hot, not to say torrid; a part of it is fertile,the rest is desert; it is not liberally watered; it has no towns.
onehas only to cross the mountains of new south wales and descend into thewestward-lying regions to find that he has left the choice climate behindhim, and found a new one of a quite different character.
in fact, hewould not know by the thermometer that he was not in the blisteringplains of india.
captain sturt, the great explorer, gives us a sample ofthe heat.
"the wind, which had been blowing all the morning from the n.e.,     increased to a heavy gale, and i shall never forget its withering     effect.
i sought shelter behind a large gum-tree, but the blasts of     heat were so terrific that i wondered the very grass did not take     fire.
this really was nothing ideal: everything both animate and     inanimate gave way before it; the horses stood with their backs to     the wind and their noses to the ground, without the muscular     strength to raise their heads; the birds were mute, and the leaves     of the trees under which we were sitting fell like a snow shower     around us.
at noon i took a thermometer graded to 127 deg., out of     my box, and observed that the mercury was up to 125.  thinking that     it had been unduly influenced, i put it in the fork of a tree close     to me, sheltered alike from the wind and the sun.
i went to examine     it about an hour afterwards, when i found the mercury had risen to     the-top of the instrument and had burst the bulb, a circumstance     that i believe no traveler has ever before had to record.
i cannot     find language to convey to the reader's mind an idea of the intense     and oppressive nature of the heat that prevailed."
that hot wind sweeps over sydney sometimes, and brings with it what iscalled a "dust-storm."
it is said that most australian towns areacquainted with the dust-storm.
i think i know what it is like, for thefollowing description by mr. gane tallies very well with the alkaliduststorm of nevada, if you leave out the "shovel" part.
still theshovel part is a pretty important part, and seems to indicate that mynevada storm is but a poor thing, after all.
"as we proceeded the altitude became less, and the heat     proportionately greater until we reached dubbo, which is only 600     feet above sea-level.
it is a pretty town, built on an extensive     plain .
after the effects of a shower of rain have passed     away the surface of the ground crumbles into a thick layer of dust,     and occasionally, when the wind is in a particular quarter, it is     lifted bodily from the ground in one long opaque cloud.
in the     midst of such a storm nothing can be seen a few yards ahead, and the     unlucky person who happens to be out at the time is compelled to     seek the nearest retreat at hand.
when the thrifty housewife sees     in the distance the dark column advancing in a steady whirl towards     her house, she closes the doors and windows with all expedition.
a     drawing-room, the window of which has been carelessly left open     during a dust-storm, is indeed an extraordinary sight.
a lady who     has resided in dubbo for some years says that the dust lies so thick     on the carpet that it is necessary to use a shovel to remove it."
and probably a wagon.
i was mistaken; i have not seen a properduststorm.
to my mind the exterior aspects and character of australiaare fascinating things to look at and think about, they are so strange,so weird, so new, so uncommonplace, such a startling and interestingcontrast to the other sections of the planet, the sections that are knownto us all, familiar to us all.
in the matter of particulars--a detailhere, a detail there--we have had the choice climate of new south wales'seacoast; we have had the australian heat as furnished by captain sturt;we have had the wonderful dust-storm; and we have considered thephenomenon of an almost empty hot wilderness half as big as the unitedstates, with a narrow belt of civilization, population, and good climatearound it.
captain cook found australia in 1770, and eighteen years later thebritish government began to transport convicts to it.
altogether, newsouth wales received 83,000 in 53 years.
the convicts wore heavy chains;they were ill-fed and badly treated by the officers set over them; theywere heavily punished for even slight infractions of the rules; "thecruelest discipline ever known" is one historian's description of theirlife.--[the story of australasia.
english law was hard-hearted in those days.
for trifling offenses whichin our day would be punished by a small fine or a few days' confinement,men, women, and boys were sent to this other end of the earth to serveterms of seven and fourteen years; and for serious crimes they weretransported for life.
children were sent to the penal colonies for sevenyears for stealing a rabbit!
when i was in london twenty-three years ago there was a new penalty inforce for diminishing garroting and wife-beating--25 lashes on the bareback with the cat-o'-nine-tails.
it was said that this terriblepunishment was able to bring the stubbornest ruffians to terms; and thatno man had been found with grit enough to keep his emotions to himselfbeyond the ninth blow; as a rule the man shrieked earlier.
that penaltyhad a great and wholesome effect upon the garroters and wife-beaters; buthumane modern london could not endure it; it got its law rescinded.
manya bruised and battered english wife has since had occasion to deplorethat cruel achievement of sentimental "humanity."
in australia and tasmania they gave a convict fiftyfor almost any little offense; and sometimes a brutal officer would addfifty, and then another fifty, and so on, as long as the sufferer couldendure the torture and live.
in tasmania i read the entry, in an oldmanuscript official record, of a case where a convict was given threehundred lashes--for stealing some silver spoons.
and men got more thanthat, sometimes.
who handled the cat?
often it was another convict;sometimes it was the culprit's dearest comrade; and he had to lay on withall his might; otherwise he would get a flogging himself for his mercy--for he was under watch--and yet not do his friend any good: the friendwould be attended to by another hand and suffer no lack in the matter offull punishment.
the convict life in tasmania was so unendurable, and suicide so difficultto accomplish that once or twice despairing men got together and drewstraws to determine which of them should kill another of the group--thismurder to secure death to the perpetrator and to the witnesses of it bythe hand of the hangman!
the incidents quoted above are mere hints, mere suggestions of whatconvict life was like--they are but a couple of details tossed into viewout of a shoreless sea of such; or, to change the figure, they are but apair of flaming steeples photographed from a point which hides from sightthe burning city which stretches away from their bases on every hand.
some of the convicts--indeed, a good many of them--were very bad people,even for that day; but the most of them were probably not noticeablyworse than the average of the people they left behind them at home.
wemust believe this; we cannot avoid it.
we are obliged to believe that anation that could look on, unmoved, and see starving or freezing womenhanged for stealing twenty-six cents' worth of bacon or rags, and boyssnatched from their mothers, and men from their families, and sent to theother side of the world for long terms of years for similar triflingoffenses, was a nation to whom the term "civilized" could not in anylarge way be applied.
and we must also believe that a nation that knew,during more than forty years, what was happening to those exiles and wasstill content with it, was not advancing in any showy way toward a highergrade of civilization.
if we look into the characters and conduct of the officers and gentlemenwho had charge of the convicts and attended to their backs and stomachs,we must grant again that as between the convict and his masters, andbetween both and the nation at home, there was a quite noticeablemonotony of sameness.
four years had gone by, and many convicts had come.
respectable settlerswere beginning to arrive.
these two classes of colonists had to beprotected, in case of trouble among themselves or with the natives.
itis proper to mention the natives, though they could hardly count theywere so scarce.
at a time when they had not as yet begun to be muchdisturbed--not as yet being in the way--it was estimated that in newsouth wales there was but one native to 45,000 acres of territory.
people had to be protected.
officers of the regular army did not wantthis service--away off there where neither honor nor distinction was tobe gained.
so england recruited and officered a kind of militia force of1,000 uniformed civilians called the "new south wales corps" and shippedit.
this was the worst blow of all.
the colony fairly staggered under it.
the corps was an object-lesson of the moral condition of england outsideof the jails.
the colonists trembled.
it was feared that next therewould be an importation of the nobility.
in those early days the colony was non-supporting.
all the necessariesof life--food, clothing, and all--were sent out from england, and kept ingreat government store-houses, and given to the convicts and sold to thesettlers--sold at a trifling advance upon cost.
the corps saw itsopportunity.
its officers went into commerce, and in a most lawless way.
they went to importing rum, and also to manufacturing it in privatestills, in defiance of the government's commands and protests.
theyleagued themselves together and ruled the market; they boycotted thegovernment and the other dealers; they established a close monopoly andkept it strictly in their own hands.
when a vessel arrived with spirits,they allowed nobody to buy but themselves, and they forced the owner tosell to them at a price named by themselves--and it was always lowenough.
they bought rum at an average of two dollars a gallon and soldit at an average of ten.
they made rum the currency of the country--forthere was little or no money--and they maintained their devastating holdand kept the colony under their heel for eighteen or twenty years beforethey were finally conquered and routed by the government.
meantime, they had spread intemperance everywhere.
and they had squeezedfarm after farm out of the settlers hands for rum, and thus hadbountifully enriched themselves.
when a farmer was caught in the lastagonies of thirst they took advantage of him and sweated him for a drink.
in one instance they sold a man a gallon of rum worth two dollars for apiece of property which was sold some years later for $100,000.
when the colony was about eighteen or twenty years old it was discoveredthat the land was specially fitted for the wool-culture.
prosperityfollowed, commerce with the world began, by and by rich mines of thenoble metals were opened, immigrants flowed in, capital likewise.
theresult is the great and wealthy and enlightened commonwealth of new southwales.
it is a country that is rich in mines, wool ranches, trams, railways,steamship lines, schools, newspapers, botanical gardens, art galleries,libraries, museums, hospitals, learned societies; it is the hospitablehome of every species of culture and of every species of materialenterprise, and there is a church at every man's door, and a race-trackover the way.
all english-speaking colonies are made up of lavishly hospitable people,and new south wales and its capital are like the rest in this.
theenglish-speaking colony of the united states of america is alwayscalled lavishly hospitable by the english traveler.
as to the otherenglish-speaking colonies throughout the world from canada all around, iknow by experience that the description fits them.
i will not go moreparticularly into this matter, for i find that when writers try todistribute their gratitude here and there and yonder by detail they runacross difficulties and do some ungraceful stumbling.
mr. gane ("new south wales and victoria in 1885 "), tried to distributehis gratitude, and was not lucky:     "the inhabitants of sydney are renowned for their hospitality.
the     treatment which we experienced at the hands of this generous-hearted     people will help more than anything else to make us recollect with     pleasure our stay amongst them.
in the character of hosts and     hostesses they excel.
the 'new chum' needs only the     acquaintanceship of one of their number, and he becomes at once the     happy recipient of numerous complimentary invitations and thoughtful     kindnesses.
of the towns it has been our good fortune to visit,     none have portrayed home so faithfully as sydney."
nobody could say it finer than that.
if he had put in his cork then, andstayed away from dubbo----but no; heedless man, he pulled it again.
pulled it when he was away along in his book, and his memory of what hehad said about sydney had grown dim:     "we cannot quit the promising town of dubbo without testifying, in     warm praise, to the kind-hearted and hospitable usages of its     inhabitants.
sydney, though well deserving the character it bears     of its kindly treatment of strangers, possesses a little formality     and reserve.
in dubbo, on the contrary, though the same congenial     manners prevail, there is a pleasing degree of respectful     familiarity which gives the town a homely comfort not often met with     elsewhere.
in laying on one side our pen we feel contented in     having been able, though so late in this work, to bestow a     panegyric, however unpretentious, on a town which, though possessing     no picturesque natural surroundings, nor interesting architectural     productions, has yet a body of citizens whose hearts cannot but     obtain for their town a reputation for benevolence and     kind-heartedness."
i wonder what soured him on sydney.
it seems strange that a pleasingdegree of three or four fingers of respectful familiarity should fill aman up and give him the panegyrics so bad.
for he has them, the worstway--any one can see that.
a man who is perfectly at himself does notthrow cold detraction at people's architectural productions andpicturesque surroundings, and let on that what he prefers is a dubbonesedust-storm and a pleasing degree of respectful familiarity.
no, these areold, old symptoms; and when they appear we know that the man has got thepanegyrics.
sydney has a population of 400,000.  when a stranger from america stepsashore there, the first thing that strikes him is that the place is eightor nine times as large as he was expecting it to be; and the next thingthat strikes him is that it is an english city with american trimmings.
later on, in melbourne, he will find the american trimmings still more inevidence; there, even the architecture will often suggest america; aphotograph of its stateliest business street might be passed upon him fora picture of the finest street in a large american city.
i was told thatthe most of the fine residences were the city residences of squatters.
the name seemed out of focus somehow.
when the explanation came, itoffered a new instance of the curious changes which words, as well asanimals, undergo through change of habitat and climate.
with us, whenyou speak of a squatter you are always supposed to be speaking of a poorman, but in australia when you speak of a squatter you are supposed to bespeaking of a millionaire; in america the word indicates the possessor ofa few acres and a doubtful title, in australia it indicates a man whoselandfront is as long as a railroad, and whose title has been perfected inone way or another; in america the word indicates a man who owns a dozenhead of live stock, in australia a man who owns anywhere from fiftythousand up to half a million head; in america the word indicates a manwho is obscure and not important, in australia a man who is prominent andof the first importance; in america you take off your hat to no squatter,in australia you do; in america if your uncle is a squatter you keep itdark, in australia you advertise it; in america if your friend is asquatter nothing comes of it, but with a squatter for your friend inaustralia you may sup with kings if there are any around.
in australia it takes about two acres and a half of pastureland (somepeople say twice as many), to support a sheep; and when the squatter hashalf a million sheep his private domain is about as large as rhodeisland, to speak in general terms.
his annual wool crop may be worth aquarter or a half million dollars.
he will live in a palace in melbourne or sydney or some other of thelarge cities, and make occasional trips to his sheep-kingdom severalhundred miles away in the great plains to look after his battalions ofriders and shepherds and other hands.
he has a commodious dwelling outthere, and if he approve of you he will invite you to spend a week in it,and will make you at home and comfortable, and let you see the greatindustry in all its details, and feed you and slake you and smoke youwith the best that money can buy.
on at least one of these vast estates there is a considerable town, withall the various businesses and occupations that go to make an importanttown; and the town and the land it stands upon are the property of thesquatters.
i have seen that town, and it is not unlikely that there areother squatter-owned towns in australia.
australia supplies the world not only with fine wool, but with muttonalso.
the modern invention of cold storage and its application in shipshas created this great trade.
in sydney i visited a huge establishmentwhere they kill and clean and solidly freeze a thousand sheep a day, forshipment to england.
the australians did not seem to me to differ noticeably from americans,either in dress, carriage, ways, pronunciation, inflections, or generalappearance.
there were fleeting and subtle suggestions of their englishorigin, but these were not pronounced enough, as a rule, to catch one'sattention.
the people have easy and cordial manners from the beginning--from the moment that the introduction is completed.
this is american.
to put it in another way, it is english friendliness with the englishshyness and self-consciousness left out.
now and then--but this is rare--one hears such words as piper for paper,lydy for lady, and tyble for table fall from lips whence one would notexpect such pronunciations to come.
there is a superstition prevalent insydney that this pronunciation is an australianism, but people who havebeen "home"--as the native reverently and lovingly calls england--knowbetter.
it is "costermonger."
all over australasia this pronunciationis nearly as common among servants as it is in london among theuneducated and the partially educated of all sorts and conditions ofpeople.
that mislaid 'y' is rather striking when a person gets enough ofit into a short sentence to enable it to show up.
in the hotel in sydneythe chambermaid said, one morning:"the tyble is set, and here is the piper; and if the lydy is ready i'lltell the wyter to bring up the breakfast."
i have made passing mention, a moment ago, of the native australasian'scustom of speaking of england as "home."
it was always pretty to hearit, and often it was said in an unconsciously caressing way that made ittouching; in a way which transmuted a sentiment into an embodiment, andmade one seem to see australasia as a young girl stroking motherengland's old gray head.
in the australasian home the table-talk is vivacious and unembarrassed;it is without stiffness or restraint.
this does not remind one ofengland so much as it does of america.
but australasia is strictlydemocratic, and reserves and restraints are things that are bred bydifferences of rank.
english and colonial audiences are phenomenally alert and responsive.
where masses of people are gathered together in england, caste issubmerged, and with it the english reserve; equality exists for themoment, and every individual is free; so free from any consciousness offetters, indeed, that the englishman's habit of watching himself andguarding himself against any injudicious exposure of his feelings isforgotten, and falls into abeyance--and to such a degree indeed, that hewill bravely applaud all by himself if he wants to--an exhibition ofdaring which is unusual elsewhere in the world.
but it is hard to move a new english acquaintance when he is by himself,or when the company present is small and new to him.
he is on his guardthen, and his natural reserve is to the fore.
this has given him thefalse reputation of being without humor and without the appreciation ofhumor.
americans are not englishmen, and american humor is not english humor;but both the american and his humor had their origin in england, and havemerely undergone changes brought about by changed conditions and a newenvironment.
about the best humorous speeches i have yet heard were acouple that were made in australia at club suppers--one of them by anenglishman, the other by an australian.
in sydney i had a large dream, and in the course of talk i told it to amissionary from india who was on his way to visit some relatives in newzealand.
i dreamed that the visible universe is the physical person ofgod; that the vast worlds that we see twinkling millions of miles apartin the fields of space are the blood corpuscles in his veins; and that weand the other creatures are the microbes that charge with multitudinouslife the corpuscles.
mr. x., the missionary, considered the dream awhile, then said:     "it is not surpassable for magnitude, since its metes and bounds are     the metes and bounds of the universe itself; and it seems to me that     it almost accounts for a thing which is otherwise nearly     unaccountable--the origin of the sacred legends of the hindoos.
perhaps they dream them, and then honestly believe them to be divine     revelations of fact.
it looks like that, for the legends are built     on so vast a scale that it does not seem reasonable that plodding     priests would happen upon such colossal fancies when awake."
he told some of the legends, and said that they were implicitly believedby all classes of hindoos, including those of high social position andintelligence; and he said that this universal credulity was a greathindrance to the missionary in his work.
then he said something likethis:     "at home, people wonder why christianity does not make faster     progress in india.
they hear that the indians believe easily, and     that they have a natural trust in miracles and give them a     hospitable reception.
then they argue like this: since the indian     believes easily, place christianity before them and they must     believe; confirm its truths by the biblical miracles, and they will     no longer doubt.
the natural deduction is, that as christianity     makes but indifferent progress in india, the fault is with us: we     are not fortunate in presenting the doctrines and the miracles.
"but the truth is, we are not by any means so well equipped as they     think.
we have not the easy task that they imagine.
to use a     military figure, we are sent against the enemy with good powder in     our guns, but only wads for bullets; that is to say, our miracles     are not effective; the hindoos do not care for them; they have more     extraordinary ones of their own.
all the details of their own     religion are proven and established by miracles; the details of ours     must be proven in the same way.
when i first began my work in india     i greatly underestimated the difficulties thus put upon my task.
a     correction was not long in coming.
i thought as our friends think     at home--that to prepare my childlike wonder-lovers to listen with     favor to my grave message i only needed to charm the way to it with     wonders, marvels, miracles.
with full confidence i told the wonders     performed by samson, the strongest man that had ever lived--for so i     called him.
"at first i saw lively anticipation and strong interest in the faces     of my people, but as i moved along from incident to incident of the     great story, i was distressed to see that i was steadily losing the     sympathy of my audience.
i could not understand it.
it was a     surprise to me, and a disappointment.
before i was through, the     fading sympathy had paled to indifference.
thence to the end the     indifference remained; i was not able to make any impression upon     it.
"a good old hindoo gentleman told me where my trouble lay.
he said     'we hindoos recognize a god by the work of his hands--we accept no     other testimony.
apparently, this is also the rule with you     christians.
and we know when a man has his power from a god by the     fact that he does things which he could not do, as a man, with the     mere powers of a man.
plainly, this is the christian's way also, of     knowing when a man is working by a god's power and not by his own.
you saw that there was a supernatural property in the hair of     samson; for you perceived that when his hair was gone he was as     other men.
it is our way, as i have said.
there are many nations     in the world, and each group of nations has its own gods, and will     pay no worship to the gods of the others.
each group believes its     own gods to be strongest, and it will not exchange them except for     gods that shall be proven to be their superiors in power.
man is     but a weak creature, and needs the help of gods--he cannot do     without it.
shall he place his fate in the hands of weak gods when     there may be stronger ones to be found?
that would be foolish.
no,     if he hear of gods that are stronger than his own, he should not     turn a deaf ear, for it is not a light matter that is at stake.
how     then shall he determine which gods are the stronger, his own or     those that preside over the concerns of other nations?
by comparing     the known works of his own gods with the works of those others;     there is no other way.
now, when we make this comparison, we are     not drawn towards the gods of any other nation.
our gods are shown     by their works to be the strongest, the most powerful.
the     christians have but few gods, and they are new--new, and not strong;     as it seems to us.
they will increase in number, it is true, for     this has happened with all gods, but that time is far away, many     ages and decades of ages away, for gods multiply slowly, as is meet     for beings to whom a thousand years is but a single moment.
our own     gods have been born millions of years apart.
the process is slow,     the gathering of strength and power is similarly slow.
in the slow     lapse of the ages the steadily accumulating power of our gods has at     last become prodigious.
we have a thousand proofs of this in the     colossal character of their personal acts and the acts of ordinary     men to whom they have given supernatural qualities.
to your samson     was given supernatural power, and when he broke the withes, and slew     the thousands with the jawbone of an ass, and carried away the     gate's of the city upon his shoulders, you were amazed--and also     awed, for you recognized the divine source of his strength.
but it     could not profit to place these things before your hindoo     congregation and invite their wonder; for they would compare them     with the deed done by hanuman, when our gods infused their divine     strength into his muscles; and they would be indifferent to them--as     you saw.
in the old, old times, ages and ages gone by, when our god     rama was warring with the demon god of ceylon, rama bethought him to     bridge the sea and connect ceylon with india, so that his armies     might pass easily over; and he sent his general, hanuman, inspired     like your own samson with divine strength, to bring the materials     for the bridge.
in two days hanuman strode fifteen hundred miles,     to the himalayas, and took upon his shoulder a range of those lofty     mountains two hundred miles long, and started with it toward ceylon.
it was in the night; and, as he passed along the plain, the people     of govardhun heard the thunder of his tread and felt the earth     rocking under it, and they ran out, and there, with their snowy     summits piled to heaven, they saw the himalayas passing by.
and as     this huge continent swept along overshadowing the earth, upon its     slopes they discerned the twinkling lights of a thousand sleeping     villages, and it was as if the constellations were filing in     procession through the sky.
while they were looking, hanuman     stumbled, and a small ridge of red sandstone twenty miles long was     jolted loose and fell.
half of its length has wasted away in the     course of the ages, but the other ten miles of it remain in the     plain by govardhun to this day as proof of the might of the     inspiration of our gods.
you must know, yourself, that hanuman     could not have carried those mountains to ceylon except by the     strength of the gods.
you know that it was not done by his own     strength, therefore, you know that it was done by the strength of     the gods, just as you know that samson carried the gates by the     divine strength and not by his own.
i think you must concede two     things:  first, that in carrying the gates of the city upon his     shoulders, samson did not establish the superiority of his gods over     ours; secondly, that his feat is not supported by any but verbal     evidence, while hanuman's is not only supported by verbal evidence,     but this evidence is confirmed, established, proven, by visible,     tangible evidence, which is the strongest of all testimony.
we have     the sandstone ridge, and while it remains we cannot doubt, and shall     not.
have you the gates?'"
one is sure to be struck by the liberal way in which australasia spendsmoney upon public works--such as legislative buildings, town halls,hospitals, asylums, parks, and botanical gardens.
i should say thatwhere minor towns in america spend a hundred dollars on the town hall andon public parks and gardens, the like towns in australasia spend athousand.
and i think that this ratio will hold good in the matter ofhospitals, also.
i have seen a costly and well-equipped, andarchitecturally handsome hospital in an australian village of fifteenhundred inhabitants.
it was built by private funds furnished by thevillagers and the neighboring planters, and its running expenses weredrawn from the same sources.
i suppose it would be hard to match this inany country.
this village was about to close a contract for lighting itsstreets with the electric light, when i was there.
that is ahead oflondon.
london is still obscured by gas--gas pretty widely scattered,too, in some of the districts; so widely indeed, that except on moonlightnights it is difficult to find the gas lamps.
the botanical garden of sydney covers thirty-eight acres, beautifullylaid out and rich with the spoil of all the lands and all the climes ofthe world.
the garden is on high ground in the middle of the town,overlooking the great harbor, and it adjoins the spacious grounds ofgovernment house--fifty-six acres; and at hand also, is a recreationground containing eighty-two acres.
in addition, there are thezoological gardens, the race-course, and the great cricket-grounds wherethe international matches are played.
therefore there is plenty of roomfor reposeful lazying and lounging, and for exercise too, for such aslike that kind of work.
there are four specialties attainable in the way of social pleasure.
ifyou enter your name on the visitor's book at government house you willreceive an invitation to the next ball that takes place there, if nothingcan be proven against you.
and it will be very pleasant; for you willsee everybody except the governor, and add a number of acquaintances andseveral friends to your list.
the governor will be in england.
the continent has four or five governors, and i do not knowhow many it takes to govern the outlying archipelago; but anyway you willnot see them.
when they are appointed they come out from england and getinaugurated, and give a ball, and help pray for rain, and get aboard shipand go back home.
and so the lieutenant-governor has to do all the work.
i was in australasia three months and a half, and saw only one governor.
the others were at home.
the australasian governor would not be so restless, perhaps, if he had awar, or a veto, or something like that to call for his reserve-energies,but he hasn't.
there isn't any war, and there isn't any veto in hishands.
and so there is really little or nothing doing in his line.
thecountry governs itself, and prefers to do it; and is so strenuous aboutit and so jealous of its independence that it grows restive if even theimperial government at home proposes to help; and so the imperial veto,while a fact, is yet mainly a name.
thus the governor's functions are much more limited than are a governor'sfunctions with us.
and therefore more fatiguing.
he is the apparenthead of the state, he is the real head of society.
he representsculture, refinement, elevated sentiment, polite life, religion; and byhis example he propagates these, and they spread and flourish and beargood fruit.
he creates the fashion, and leads it.
his ball is the ballof balls, and his countenance makes the horse-race thrive.
he is usually a lord, and this is well; for his position compels him tolead an expensive life, and an english lord is generally well equippedfor that.
another of sydney's social pleasures is the visit to the admiralty house;which is nobly situated on high ground overlooking the water.
the trimboats of the service convey the guests thither; and there, or on boardthe flag-ship, they have the duplicate of the hospitalities of governmenthouse.
the admiral commanding a station in british waters is a magnateof the first degree, and he is sumptuously housed, as becomes the dignityof his office.
third in the list of special pleasures is the tour of the harbor in afine steam pleasure-launch.
your richer friends own boats of this kind,and they will invite you, and the joys of the trip will make a long dayseem short.
and finally comes the shark-fishing.
sydney harbor is populous with thefinest breeds of man-eating sharks in the world.
some people make theirliving catching them; for the government pays a cash bounty on them.
thelarger the shark the larger the bounty, and some of the sharks are twentyfeet long.
you not only get the bounty, but everything that is in theshark belongs to you.
sometimes the contents are quite valuable.
the shark is the swiftest fish that swims.
the speed of the fasteststeamer afloat is poor compared to his.
and he is a great gad-about, androams far and wide in the oceans, and visits the shores of all of them,ultimately, in the course of his restless excursions.
i have a tale totell now, which has not as yet been in print.
in 1870 a young strangerarrived in sydney, and set about finding something to do; but he knew noone, and brought no recommendations, and the result was that he got noemployment.
he had aimed high, at first, but as time and his moneywasted away he grew less and less exacting, until at last he was willingto serve in the humblest capacities if so he might get bread and shelter.
but luck was still against him; he could find no opening of any sort.
finally his money was all gone.
he walked the streets all day, thinking;he walked them all night, thinking, thinking, and growing hungrier andhungrier.
at dawn he found himself well away from the town and driftingaimlessly along the harbor shore.
as he was passing by a noddingshark-fisher the man looked up and said----"say, young fellow, take my line a spell, and change my luck for me."
"how do you know i won't make it worse?"
"because you can't.
it has been at its worst all night.
if you can'tchange it, no harm's done; if you do change it, it's for the better,of course.
"all right, what will you give?"
"i'll give you the shark, if you catch one."
"and i will eat it, bones and all.
give me the line."
"here you are.
i will get away, now, for awhile, so that my luck won'tspoil yours; for many and many a time i've noticed that if----there, pullin, pull in, man, you've got a bite!
i knew how it would be.
why, iknew you for a born son of luck the minute i saw you.
it was an unusually large shark--"a full nineteen-footer," the fishermansaid, as he laid the creature open with his knife.
"now you rob him, young man, while i step to my hamper for a fresh bait.
there's generally something in them worth going for.
you've changed myluck, you see.
but my goodness, i hope you haven't changed your own."
"oh, it wouldn't matter; don't worry about that.
get your bait.
when the fisherman got back the young man had just finished washing hishands in the bay, and was starting away.
"what, you are not going?"
"but what about your shark?"
why, what use is he to me?"
"what use is he?
i like that.
don't you know that we can go and reporthim to government, and you'll get a clean solid eighty shillings bounty?
hard cash, you know.
what do you think about it now?"
"oh, well, you can collect it."
"and keep it?
is that what you mean?"
"well, this is odd.
you're one of those sort they call eccentrics, ijudge.
the saying is, you mustn't judge a man by his clothes, and i'mbelieving it now.
why yours are looking just ratty, don't you know; andyet you must be rich."
the young man walked slowly back to the town, deeply musing as he went.
he halted a moment in front of the best restaurant, then glanced at hisclothes and passed on, and got his breakfast at a "stand-up."
there wasa good deal of it, and it cost five shillings.
he tendered a sovereign,got his change, glanced at his silver, muttered to himself, "there isn'tenough to buy clothes with," and went his way.
at half-past nine the richest wool-broker in sydney was sitting in hismorning-room at home, settling his breakfast with the morning paper.
aservant put his head in and said:"there's a sundowner at the door wants to see you, sir."
"what do you bring that kind of a message here for?
send him about hisbusiness."
"he won't go, sir.
"he won't go?
that's--why, that's unusual.
he's one of two things,then: he's a remarkable person, or he's crazy.
is he crazy?"
he don't look it."
"then he's remarkable.
what does he say he wants?"
"he won't tell, sir; only says it's very important."
"and won't go.
does he say he won't go?"
"says he'll stand there till he sees you, sir, if it's all day."
"and yet isn't crazy.
show him up."
the sundowner was shown in.
the broker said to himself, "no, he's notcrazy; that is easy to see; so he must be the other thing."
then aloud, "well, my good fellow, be quick about it; don't waste anywords; what is it you want?"
"i want to borrow a hundred thousand pounds."
(it's a mistake; he is crazy .
no--he can't be--notwith that eye.)
why, you take my breath away.
come, who are you?"
"nobody that you know."
"what is your name?"
"no, i don't remember hearing the name before.
now then--just forcuriosity's sake--what has sent you to me on this extraordinary errand?"
"the intention to make a hundred thousand pounds for you and as much formyself within the next sixty days."
"well, well, well.
it is the most extraordinary idea that--sit down--youinterest me.
and somehow you--well, you fascinate me; i think that thatis about the word.
and it isn't your proposition--no, that doesn'tfascinate me; it's something else, i don't quite know what; somethingthat's born in you and oozes out of you, i suppose.
now then just forcuriosity's sake again, nothing more: as i understand it, it is yourdesire to bor----""i said intention."
"pardon, so you did.
i thought it was an unheedful use of the word--anunheedful valuing of its strength, you know."
"i knew its strength."
"well, i must say--but look here, let me walk the floor a little, my mindis getting into a sort of whirl, though you don't seem disturbed any.
(plainly this young fellow isn't crazy; but as to his being remarkable--well, really he amounts to that, and something over.)
now then, ibelieve i am beyond the reach of further astonishment.
strike, and sparenot.
what is your scheme?"
"to buy the wool crop--deliverable in sixty days."
"what, the whole of it?"
"the whole of it."
"no, i was not quite out of the reach of surprises, after all.
why, howyou talk!
do you know what our crop is going to foot up?"
"two and a half million sterling--maybe a little more."
"well, you've got your statistics right, any way.
now, then, do you knowwhat the margins would foot up, to buy it at sixty days?"
"the hundred thousand pounds i came here to get."
"right, once more.
well, dear me, just to see what would happen, i wishyou had the money.
and if you had it, what would you do with it?"
"i shall make two hundred thousand pounds out of it in sixty days."
"you mean, of course, that you might make it if----""i said 'shall'."
"yes, by george, you did say 'shall'!
you are the most definite devil iever saw, in the matter of language.
dear, dear, dear, look here!
definite speech means clarity of mind.
upon my word i believe you've gotwhat you believe to be a rational reason, for venturing into this house,an entire stranger, on this wild scheme of buying the wool crop of anentire colony on speculation.
bring it out--i am prepared--acclimatized,if i may use the word.
why would you buy the crop, and why would youmake that sum out of it?
that is to say, what makes you think you----""i don't think--i know."
how do you know?"
"because france has declared war against germany, and wool has gone upfourteen per cent.
in london and is still rising."
now then, i've got you!
such a thunderbolt as you havejust let fly ought to have made me jump out of my chair, but it didn'tstir me the least little bit, you see.
and for a very simple reason: ihave read the morning paper.
you can look at it if you want to.
thefastest ship in the service arrived at eleven o'clock last night, fiftydays out from london.
all her news is printed here.
there are nowar-clouds anywhere; and as for wool, why, it is the low-spiritedestcommodity in the english market.
it is your turn to jump, now .
well, why, don't you jump?
why do you sit there in that placid fashion,when----""because i have later news."
oh, come--later news than fifty days, brought steaming hotfrom london by the----""my news is only ten days old."
"oh, mun-chausen, hear the maniac talk!
where did you get it?"
"got it out of a shark."
"oh, oh, oh, this is too much!
call the police bring the gun--raise the town!
all the asylums in christendom have broken loose inthesingle person of----""sit down!
and collect yourself.
where is the use in getting excited?
am i excited?
there is nothing to get excited about.
when i make astatement which i cannot prove, it will be time enough for you to beginto offer hospitality to damaging fancies about me and my sanity."
"oh, a thousand, thousand pardons!
i ought to be ashamed of myself, andi am ashamed of myself for thinking that a little bit of a circumstancelike sending a shark to england to fetch back a market report----""what does your middle initial stand for, sir?"
what are you writing?"
"wait a moment.
proof about the shark--and another matter.
there--now it is done.
let me see; it says--it says oh, come, this isinteresting!
prove what you say here, and i'll putup the money, and double as much, if necessary, and divide the winningswith you, half and half.
there, now--i've signed; make your promise goodif you can.
show me a copy of the london times only ten days old."
"here it is--and with it these buttons and a memorandum book thatbelonged to the man the shark swallowed.
swallowed him in the thames,without a doubt; for you will notice that the last entry in the book isdated 'london,' and is of the same date as the times, and says, 'berconfequentz der kreigeseflarun, reife ich heute nach deutchland ab, aurbak ich mein leben auf dem ultar meines landes legen mag'----, as cleannative german as anybody can put upon paper, and means that inconsequence of the declaration of war, this loyal soul is leaving forhome to-day, to fight.
and he did leave, too, but the shark had himbefore the day was done, poor fellow."
"and a pity, too.
but there are times for mourning, and we will attendto this case further on; other matters are pressing, now.
i will go downand set the machinery in motion in a quiet way and buy the crop.
it willcheer the drooping spirits of the boys, in a transitory way.
everythingis transitory in this world.
sixty days hence, when they are called todeliver the goods, they will think they've been struck by lightning.
butthere is a time for mourning, and we will attend to that case along withthe other one.
come along, i'll take you to my tailor.
what did you sayyour name is?"
"it is hard to remember.
however, i think you will make it easier by andby, if you live.
there are three kinds of people--commonplace men,remarkable men, and lunatics.
i'll classify you with the remarkables,and take the chances."
the deal went through, and secured to the young stranger the firstfortune he ever pocketed.
the people of sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks, but for somereason they do not seem to be.
on saturdays the young men go out intheir boats, and sometimes the water is fairly covered with the littlesails.
a boat upsets now and then, by accident, a result of tumultuousskylarking; sometimes the boys upset their boat for fun--such as it iswith sharks visibly waiting around for just such an occurrence.
theyoung fellows scramble aboard whole--sometimes--not always.
tragedieshave happened more than once.
while i was in sydney it was reported thata boy fell out of a boat in the mouth of the paramatta river and screamedfor help and a boy jumped overboard from another boat to save him fromthe assembling sharks; but the sharks made swift work with the lives ofboth.
the government pays a bounty for the shark; to get the bounty thefishermen bait the hook or the seine with agreeable mutton; the newsspreads and the sharks come from all over the pacific ocean to get thefree board.
in time the shark culture will be one of the most successfulthings in the colony.
my health had broken down in new york in may; it had remained in adoubtful but fairish condition during a succeeding period of 82 days; itbroke again on the pacific.
it broke again in sydney, but not untilafter i had had a good outing, and had also filled my lectureengagements.
this latest break lost me the chance of seeing queensland.
in the circumstances, to go north toward hotter weather was notadvisable.
so we moved south with a westward slant, 17 hours by rail to the capitalof the colony of victoria, melbourne--that juvenile city of sixty years,and half a million inhabitants.
on the map the distance looked small;but that is a trouble with all divisions of distance in such a vastcountry as australia.
the colony of victoria itself looks small on themap--looks like a county, in fact--yet it is about as large as england,scotland, and wales combined.
or, to get another focus upon it, it isjust 80 times as large as the state of rhode island, and one-third aslarge as the state of texas.
outside of melbourne, victoria seems to be owned by a handful ofsquatters, each with a rhode island for a sheep farm.
that is theimpression which one gathers from common talk, yet the wool industry ofvictoria is by no means so great as that of new south wales.
the climateof victoria is favorable to other great industries--among others,wheat-growing and the making of wine.
we took the train at sydney at about four in the afternoon.
it wasamerican in one way, for we had a most rational sleeping car; also thecar was clean and fine and new--nothing about it to suggest the rollingstock of the continent of europe.
but our baggage was weighed, and extraweight charged for.
that was continental.
continental and troublesome.
any detail of railroading that is not troublesome cannot honorably bedescribed as continental.
the tickets were round-trip ones--to melbourne, and clear to adelaide insouth australia, and then all the way back to sydney.
twelve hundredmore miles than we really expected to make; but then as the round tripwouldn't cost much more than the single trip, it seemed well enough tobuy as many miles as one could afford, even if one was not likely to needthem.
a human being has a natural desire to have more of a good thingthan he needs.
now comes a singular thing: the oddest thing, the strangest thing, themost baffling and unaccountable marvel that australasia can show.
at thefrontier between new south wales and victoria our multitude of passengerswere routed out of their snug beds by lantern-light in the morning in thebiting-cold of a high altitude to change cars on a road that has no breakin it from sydney to melbourne!
think of the paralysis of intellect thatgave that idea birth; imagine the boulder it emerged from on somepetrified legislator's shoulders.
it is a narrow-gage road to the frontier, and a broader gauge thence tomelbourne.
the two governments were the builders of the road and are theowners of it.
one or two reasons are given for this curious state ofthings.
one is, that it represents the jealousy existing between thecolonies--the two most important colonies of australasia.
what the otherone is, i have forgotten.
but it is of no consequence.
it could be butanother effort to explain the inexplicable.
all passengers fret at the double-gauge; all shippers of freight must ofcourse fret at it; unnecessary expense, delay, and annoyance are imposedupon everybody concerned, and no one is benefitted.
each australian colony fences itself off from its neighbor with acustom-house.
personally, i have no objection, but it must be a gooddeal of inconvenience to the people.
we have something resembling ithere and there in america, but it goes by another name.
the large empireof the pacific coast requires a world of iron machinery, and couldmanufacture it economically on the spot if the imposts on foreign ironwere removed.
but they are not.
protection to pennsylvania and alabamaforbids it.
the result to the pacific coast is the same as if there wereseveral rows of custom-fences between the coast and the east.
ironcarted across the american continent at luxurious railway rates would bevaluable enough to be coined when it arrived.
we changed cars.
this was at albury.
and it was there, i think, thatthe growing day and the early sun exposed the distant range called theblue mountains.
as the australians say,but it was a stunning color, that blue.
deep, strong, rich, exquisite;towering and majestic masses of blue--a softly luminous blue, asmouldering blue, as if vaguely lit by fires within.
it extinguished theblue of the sky--made it pallid and unwholesome, whitey and washed-out.
a wonderful color--just divine.
a resident told me that those were not mountains; he said they wererabbit-piles.
and explained that long exposure and the over-ripecondition of the rabbits was what made them look so blue.
this man mayhave been right, but much reading of books of travel has made medistrustful of gratis information furnished by unofficial residents of acountry.
the facts which such people give to travelers are usuallyerroneous, and often intemperately so.
the rabbit-plague has indeed beenvery bad in australia, and it could account for one mountain, but not fora mountain range, it seems to me.
it is too large an order.
we breakfasted at the station.
a good breakfast, except the coffee; andcheap.
the government establishes the prices and placards them.
thewaiters were men, i think; but that is not usual in australasia.
theusual thing is to have girls.
no, not girls, young ladies--generallyduchesses.
they would attract attention at any royal levee ineurope.
even empresses and queens do not dress as they do.
not thatthey could not afford it, perhaps, but they would not know how.
all the pleasant morning we slid smoothly along over the plains, throughthin--not thick--forests of great melancholy gum trees, with trunksrugged with curled sheets of flaking bark--erysipelas convalescents, soto speak, shedding their dead skins.
and all along were tiny cabins,built sometimes of wood, sometimes of gray-blue corrugated iron; andthe doorsteps and fences were clogged with children--rugged littlesimply-clad chaps that looked as if they had been imported from thebanks of the mississippi without breaking bulk.
and there were little villages, with neat stations well placarded withshowy advertisements--mainly of almost too self-righteous brands of"sheepdip."
if that is the name--and i think it is.
it is a stuff liketar, and is dabbed on to places where the shearer clips a piece out ofthe sheep.
it bars out the flies, and has healing properties, and a nipto it which makes the sheep skip like the cattle on a thousand hills.
itis not good to eat.
that is, it is not good to eat except when mixedwith railroad coffee.
it improves railroad coffee.
without it railroadcoffee is too vague.
but with it, it is quite assertive andenthusiastic.
by itself, railroad coffee is too passive; but sheep-dipmakes it wake up and get down to business.
i wonder where they getrailroad coffee?
we saw birds, but not a kangaroo, not an emu, not an ornithorhynchus, nota lecturer, not a native.
indeed, the land seemed quite destitute ofgame.
but i have misused the word native.
in australia it is applied toaustralian-born whites only.
i should have said that we saw noaboriginals--no "blackfellows."
and to this day i have never seen one.
in the great museums you will find all the other curiosities, but in thecurio of chiefest interest to the stranger all of them are lacking.
wehave at home an abundance of museums, and not an american indian in them.
it is clearly an absurdity, but it never struck me before.
truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because fiction is obliged tostick to possibilities; truth isn't.
--pudd'nhead wilson's new calendar.
the air was balmy and delicious, the sunshine radiant; it was a charmingexcursion.
in the course of it we came to a town whose odd name wasfamous all over the world a quarter of a century ago--wagga-wagga.
thiswas because the tichborne claimant had kept a butcher-shop there.
it wasout of the midst of his humble collection of sausages and tripe that hesoared up into the zenith of notoriety and hung there in the wastes ofspace a time, with the telescopes of all nations leveled at him inunappeasable curiosity--curiosity as to which of the two long-missingpersons he was:  arthur orton, the mislaid roustabout of wapping, or sirroger tichborne, the lost heir of a name and estates as old as englishhistory.
we all know now, but not a dozen people knew then; and thedozen kept the mystery to themselves and allowed the most intricate andfascinating and marvelous real-life romance that has ever been playedupon the world's stage to unfold itself serenely, act by act, in abritish court by the long and laborious processes of judicialdevelopment.
when we recall the details of that great romance we marvel to see whatdaring chances truth may freely take in constructing a tale, as comparedwith the poor little conservative risks permitted to fiction.
thefiction-artist could achieve no success with the materials of thissplendid tichborne romance.
he would have to drop out the chief characters; the public would say suchpeople are impossible.
he would have to drop out a number of the mostpicturesque incidents; the public would say such things could neverhappen.
and yet the chief characters did exist, and the incidents didhappen.
it cost the tichborne estates $400,000 to unmask the claimant and drivehim out; and even after the exposure multitudes of englishmen stillbelieved in him.
it cost the british government another $400,000 toconvict him of perjury; and after the conviction the same old multitudesstill believed in him; and among these believers were many educated andintelligent men; and some of them had personally known the real sirroger.
the claimant was sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment.
when hegot out of prison he went to new york and kept a whisky saloon in thebowery for a time, then disappeared from view.
he always claimed to be sir roger tichborne until death called for him.
this was but a few months ago--not very much short of a generation sincehe left wagga-wagga to go and possess himself of his estates.
on hisdeath-bed he yielded up his secret, and confessed in writing that he wasonly arthur orton of wapping, able seaman and butcher--that and nothingmore.
but it is scarcely to be doubted that there are people whom evenhis dying confession will not convince.
the old habit of assimilatingincredibilities must have made strong food a necessity in their case; aweaker article would probably disagree with them.
i was in london when the claimant stood his trial for perjury.
iattended one of his showy evenings in the sumptuous quarters provided forhim from the purses of his adherents and well-wishers.
he was in eveningdress, and i thought him a rather fine and stately creature.
there wereabout twenty-five gentlemen present; educated men, men moving in goodsociety, none of them commonplace; some of them were men of distinction,none of them were obscurities.
they were his cordial friends andadmirers.
it was "sir roger," always "sir roger," on all hands; no onewithheld the title, all turned it from the tongue with unction, and as ifit tasted good.
for many years i had had a mystery in stock.
melbourne, and onlymelbourne, could unriddle it for me.
in 1873 i arrived in london with mywife and young child, and presently received a note from naples signed bya name not familiar to me.
it was not bascom, and it was not henry; buti will call it henry bascom for convenience's sake.
this note, of aboutsix lines, was written on a strip of white paper whose end-edges wereragged.
i came to be familiar with those strips in later years.
theirsize and pattern were always the same.
their contents were usually tothe same effect: would i and mine come to the writer's country-place inengland on such and such a date, by such and such a train, and staytwelve days and depart by such and such a train at the end of thespecified time?
a carriage would meet us at the station.
these invitations were always for a long time ahead; if we were ineurope, three months ahead; if we were in america, six to twelve monthsahead.
they always named the exact date and train for the beginning andalso for the end of the visit.
this first note invited us for a date three months in the future.
itasked us to arrive by the 4.10 p.m. train from london, august 6th.
thecarriage would be waiting.
the carriage would take us away seven dayslater-train specified.
and there were these words: "speak to tomhughes."
i showed the note to the author of "tom brown at rugby," and he said:"accept, and be thankful."
he described mr. bascom as being a man of genius, a man of fineattainments, a choice man in every way, a rare and beautiful character.
he said that bascom hall was a particularly fine example of the statelymanorial mansion of elizabeth's days, and that it was a house worth goinga long way to see--like knowle; that mr. b. was of a social disposition;liked the company of agreeable people, and always had samples of the sortcoming and going.
we paid the visit.
we paid others, in later years--the last one in 1879.soon after that mr. bascom started on a voyage around the world in asteam yacht--a long and leisurely trip, for he was making collections, inall lands, of birds, butterflies, and such things.
the day that president garfield was shot by the assassin guiteau, we wereat a little watering place on long island sound; and in the mail matterof that day came a letter with the melbourne post-mark on it.
it was formy wife, but i recognized mr. bascom's handwriting on the envelope, andopened it.
it was the usual note--as to paucity of lines--and waswritten on the customary strip of paper; but there was nothing usualabout the contents.
the note informed my wife that if it would be anyassuagement of her grief to know that her husband's lecture-tour inaustralia was a satisfactory venture from the beginning to the end, he,the writer, could testify that such was the case; also, that herhusband's untimely death had been mourned by all classes, as she wouldalready know by the press telegrams, long before the reception of thisnote; that the funeral was attended by the officials of the colonial andcity governments; and that while he, the writer, her friend and mine, hadnot reached melbourne in time to see the body, he had at least had thesad privilege of acting as one of the pall-bearers.
my first thought was, why didn't he have the coffin opened?
he wouldhave seen that the corpse was an imposter, and he could have gone rightahead and dried up the most of those tears, and comforted those sorrowinggovernments, and sold the remains and sent me the money.
i did nothing about the matter.
i had set the law after living lecturedoubles of mine a couple of times in america, and the law had not beenable to catch them; others in my trade had tried to catch theirimpostor-doubles and had failed.
then where was the use in harrying aghost?
none--and so i did not disturb it.
i had a curiosity to knowabout that man's lecture-tour and last moments, but that could wait.
when i should see mr. bascom he would tell me all about it.
but hepassed from life, and i never saw him again..  my curiosity faded away.
however, when i found that i was going to australia it revived.
andnaturally: for if the people should say that i was a dull, poor thingcompared to what i was before i died, it would have a bad effect onbusiness.
well, to my surprise the sydney journalists had never heard ofthat impostor!
i pressed them, but they were firm--they had never heardof him, and didn't believe in him.
i could not understand it; still, i thought it would all come right inmelbourne.
the government would remember; and the other mourners.
atthe supper of the institute of journalists i should find out all aboutthe matter.
but no--it turned out that they had never heard of it.
so my mystery was a mystery still.
it was a great disappointment.
ibelieved it would never be cleared up--in this life--so i dropped it outof my mind.
but at last!
just when i was least expecting it----however, this is not the place for the rest of it; i shall come to thematter again, in a far-distant chapter.
melbourne spreads around over an immense area of ground.
it is a statelycity architecturally as well as in magnitude.
it has an elaborate systemof cable-car service; it has museums, and colleges, and schools, andpublic gardens, and electricity, and gas, and libraries, and theaters,and mining centers, and wool centers, and centers of the arts andsciences, and boards of trade, and ships, and railroads, and a harbor,and social clubs, and journalistic clubs, and racing clubs, and asquatter club sumptuously housed and appointed, and as many churches andbanks as can make a living.
in a word, it is equipped with everythingthat goes to make the modern great city.
it is the largest city ofaustralasia, and fills the post with honor and credit.
it has onespecialty; this must not be jumbled in with those other things.
it isthe mitred metropolitan of the horse-racing cult.
its race-ground is themecca of australasia.
on the great annual day of sacrifice--the 5th ofnovember, guy fawkes's day--business is suspended over a stretch of landand sea as wide as from new york to san francisco, and deeper than fromthe northern lakes to the gulf of mexico; and every man and woman, ofhigh degree or low, who can afford the expense, put away their otherduties and come.
they begin to swarm in by ship and rail a fortnightbefore the day, and they swarm thicker and thicker day after day, untilall the vehicles of transportation are taxed to their uttermost to meetthe demands of the occasion, and all hotels and lodgings are bulgingoutward because of the pressure from within.
they come a hundredthousand strong, as all the best authorities say, and they pack thespacious grounds and grandstands and make a spectacle such as is never tobe seen in australasia elsewhere.
it is the "melbourne cup" that brings this multitude together.
theirclothes have been ordered long ago, at unlimited cost, and without boundsas to beauty and magnificence, and have been kept in concealment untilnow, for unto this day are they consecrate.
i am speaking of the ladies'clothes; but one might know that.
and so the grand-stands make a brilliant and wonderful spectacle, adelirium of color, a vision of beauty.
the champagne flows, everybody isvivacious, excited, happy; everybody bets, and gloves and fortunes changehands right along, all the time.
day after day the races go on, and thefun and the excitement are kept at white heat; and when each day is done,the people dance all night so as to be fresh for the race in the morning.
and at the end of the great week the swarms secure lodgings andtransportation for next year, then flock away to their remote homes andcount their gains and losses, and order next year's cup-clothes, and thenlie down and sleep two weeks, and get up sorry to reflect that a wholeyear must be put in somehow or other before they can be wholly happyagain.
the melbourne cup is the australasian national day.
it would bedifficult to overstate its importance.
it overshadows all other holidaysand specialized days of whatever sort in that congeries of colonies.
i might almost say it blots them out.
each of themgets attention, but not everybody's; each of them evokes interest, butnot everybody's; each of them rouses enthusiasm, but not everybody's; ineach case a part of the attention, interest, and enthusiasm is a matterof habit and custom, and another part of it is official and perfunctory.
cup day, and cup day only, commands an attention, an interest, and anenthusiasm which are universal--and spontaneous, not perfunctory.
cupday is supreme--it has no rival.
i can call to mind no specializedannualday, in any country, which can be named by that large name--supreme.
ican call to mind no specialized annual day, in any country, whoseapproach fires the whole land with a conflagration of conversation andpreparation and anticipation and jubilation.
no day save this one; butthis one does it.
in america we have no annual supreme day; no day whose approach makes thewhole nation glad.
we have the fourth of july, and christmas, andthanksgiving.
neither of them can claim the primacy; neither of them canarouse an enthusiasm which comes near to being universal.
eight grownamericans out of ten dread the coming of the fourth, with its pandemoniumand its perils, and they rejoice when it is gone--if still alive.
theapproach of christmas brings harassment and dread to many excellentpeople.
they have to buy a cart-load of presents, and they never knowwhat to buy to hit the various tastes; they put in three weeks of hardand anxious work, and when christmas morning comes they are sodissatisfied with the result, and so disappointed that they want to sitdown and cry.
then they give thanks that christmas comes but once ayear.
the observance of thanksgiving day--as a function--has becomegeneral of late years.
the thankfulness is not so general.
two-thirds of the nation have always had hard luck and a hardtime during the year, and this has a calming effect upon theirenthusiasm.
we have a supreme day--a sweeping and tremendous and tumultuous day, aday which commands an absolute universality of interest and excitement;but it is not annual.
it comes but once in four years; therefore itcannot count as a rival of the melbourne cup.
in great britain and ireland they have two great days--christmas and thequeen's birthday.
but they are equally popular; there is no supremacy.
i think it must be conceded that the position of the australasian day isunique, solitary, unfellowed; and likely to hold that high place a longtime.
the next things which interest us when we travel are, first, the people;next, the novelties; and finally the history of the places and countriesvisited.
novelties are rare in cities which represent the most advancedcivilization of the modern day.
when one is familiar with such cities inthe other parts of the world he is in effect familiar with the cities ofaustralasia.
the outside aspects will furnish little that is new.
therewill be new names, but the things which they represent will sometimes befound to be less new than their names.
there may be shades ofdifference, but these can easily be too fine for detection by theincompetent eye of the passing stranger.
in the larrikin he will not beable to discover a new species, but only an old one met elsewhere, andvariously called loafer, rough, tough, bummer, or blatherskite, accordingto his geographical distribution.
the larrikin differs by a shade fromthose others, in that he is more sociable toward the stranger than they,more kindly disposed, more hospitable, more hearty, more friendly.
atleast it seemed so to me, and i had opportunity to observe.
in sydney,at least.
in melbourne i had to drive to and from the lecture-theater,but in sydney i was able to walk both ways, and did it.
every night, onmy way home at ten, or a quarter past, i found the larrikin grouped inconsiderable force at several of the street corners, and he always gaveme this pleasant salutation:"hello, mark!"
"here's to you, old chap!
"say--mark!--is he dead?"
--a reference to a passage in some book of mine,though i did not detect, at that time, that that was its source.
and ididn't detect it afterward in melbourne, when i came on the stage for thefirst time, and the same question was dropped down upon me from the dizzyheight of the gallery.
it is always difficult to answer a sudden inquirylike that, when you have come unprepared and don't know what it means.
i will remark here--if it is not an indecorum--that the welcome which anamerican lecturer gets from a british colonial audience is a thing whichwill move him to his deepest deeps, and veil his sight and break hisvoice.
and from winnipeg to africa, experience will teach him nothing;he will never learn to expect it, it will catch him as a surprise eachtime.
the war-cloud hanging black over england and america made notrouble for me.
i was a prospective prisoner of war, but at dinners,suppers, on the platform, and elsewhere, there was never anything toremind me of it.
this was hospitality of the right metal, and would havebeen prominently lacking in some countries, in the circumstances.
and speaking of the war-flurry, it seemed to me to bring to light theunexpected, in a detail or two.
it seemed to relegate the war-talk tothe politicians on both sides of the water; whereas whenever aprospective war between two nations had been in the air theretofore, thepublic had done most of the talking and the bitterest.
the attitude ofthe newspapers was new also.
i speak of those of australasia and india,for i had access to those only.
they treated the subject argumentativelyand with dignity, not with spite and anger.
that was a new spirit, too,and not learned of the french and german press, either before sedan orsince.
i heard many public speeches, and they reflected the moderationof the journals.
the outlook is that the english-speaking race willdominate the earth a hundred years from now, if its sections do not getto fighting each other.
it would be a pity to spoil that prospect bybaffling and retarding wars when arbitration would settle theirdifferences so much better and also so much more definitely.
no, as i have suggested, novelties are rare in the great capitals ofmodern times.
even the wool exchange in melbourne could not be told fromthe familiar stock exchange of other countries.
wool brokers are justlike stockbrokers; they all bounce from their seats and put up theirhands and yell in unison--no stranger can tell what--and the presidentcalmly says "sold to smith & co., threpence farthing--next!"
--whenprobably nothing of the kind happened; for how should he know?
in the museums you will find acres of the most strange and fascinatingthings; but all museums are fascinating, and they do so tire your eyes,and break your back, and burn out your vitalities with their consuminginterest.
you always say you will never go again, but you do go.
thepalaces of the rich, in melbourne, are much like the palaces of the richin america, and the life in them is the same; but there the resemblanceends.
the grounds surrounding the american palace are not often large,and not often beautiful, but in the melbourne case the grounds are oftenducally spacious, and the climate and the gardeners together make them asbeautiful as a dream.
it is said that some of the country seats havegrounds--domains--about them which rival in charm and magnitude thosewhich surround the country mansion of an english lord; but i was not outin the country; i had my hands full in town.
and what was the origin of this majestic city and its efflorescence ofpalatial town houses and country seats?
its first brick was laid andits first house built by a passing convict.
australian history is almostalways picturesque; indeed, it is so curious and strange, that it isitself the chiefest novelty the country has to offer, and so it pushesthe other novelties into second and third place.
it does not read likehistory, but like the most beautiful lies.
and all of a fresh new sort,no mouldy old stale ones.
it is full of surprises, and adventures, andincongruities, and contradictions, and incredibilities; but they are alltrue, they all happened.
when we consider the immensity of the british empire in territory,population, and trade, it requires a stern exercise of faith to believein the figures which represent australasia's contribution to the empire'scommercial grandeur.
as compared with the landed estate of the britishempire, the landed estate dominated by any other power except one--russia--is not very impressive for size.
my authorities make thebritishempire not much short of a fourth larger than the russian empire.
roughly proportioned, if you will allow your entire hand to represent thebritish empire, you may then cut off the fingers a trifle above themiddle joint of the middle finger, and what is left of the hand willrepresent russia.
the populations ruled by great britain and china areabout the same--400,000,000 each.
no other power approaches thesefigures.
even russia is left far behind.
the population of australasia--4,000,000--sinks into nothingness, and islost from sight in that british ocean of 400,000,000.  yet the statisticsindicate that it rises again and shows up very conspicuously when itsshare of the empire's commerce is the matter under consideration.
thevalue of england's annual exports and imports is stated at three billionsof dollars,--[new south wales blue book.]
--and it is claimed that morethan one-tenth of this great aggregate is represented by australasia'sexports to england and imports from england.
in addition to this,australasia does a trade with countries other than england, amounting toa hundred million dollars a year, and a domestic intercolonial tradeamounting to a hundred and fifty millions.
in round numbers the 4,000,000 buy and sell about $600,000,000 worth ofgoods a year.
it is claimed that about half of this representscommodities of australasian production.
the products exported annuallyby india are worth a trifle over $500,000,000.
now, here are somefaith-straining figures:indian production (300,000,000 population), $500,000,000.
australasian production (4,000,000 population), $300,000,000.
that is to say, the product of the individual indian, annually (forexport some whither), is worth $1.75; that of the individualaustralasian (for export some whither), $75!
or, to put it in anotherway, the indian family of man and wife and three children sends away anannual result worth $8.75, while the australasian family sends away $375worth.
there are trustworthy statistics furnished by sir richard temple andothers, which show that the individual indian's whole annual product,both for export and home use, is worth in gold only $7.50; or, $37.50for the family-aggregate.
ciphered out on a like ratio ofmultiplication, the australasian family's aggregate production would benearly $1,600.
truly, nothing is so astonishing as figures, if they onceget started.
we left melbourne by rail for adelaide, the capital of the vast provinceof south australia--a seventeen-hour excursion.
on the train we foundseveral sydney friends; among them a judge who was going out on circuit,and was going to hold court at broken hill, where the celebrated silvermine is.
it seemed a curious road to take to get to that region.
brokenhill is close to the western border of new south wales, and sydney is onthe eastern border.
a fairly straight line, 700 miles long, drawnwestward from sydney, would strike broken hill, just as a somewhatshorter one drawn west from boston would strike buffalo.
the way thejudge was traveling would carry him over 2,000 miles by rail, he said;southwest from sydney down to melbourne, then northward up to adelaide,then a cant back northeastward and over the border into new south walesonce more--to broken hill.
it was like going from boston southwest torichmond, virginia, then northwest up to erie, pennsylvania, then a cantback northeast and over the border--to buffalo, new york.
but the explanation was simple.
years ago the fabulously rich silverdiscovery at broken hill burst suddenly upon an unexpectant world.
itsstocks started at shillings, and went by leaps and bounds to the mostfanciful figures.
it was one of those cases where the cook puts amonth's wages into shares, and comes next month and buys your house atyour own price, and moves into it herself; where the coachman takes a fewshares, and next month sets up a bank; and where the common sailorinvests the price of a spree, and the next month buys out the steamshipcompany and goes into business on his own hook.
in a word, it was one ofthose excitements which bring multitudes of people to a common centerwith a rush, and whose needs must be supplied, and at once.
adelaide wasclose by, sydney was far away.
adelaide threw a short railway across theborder before sydney had time to arrange for a long one; it was not worthwhile for sydney to arrange at all.
the whole vast trade-profit ofbroken hill fell into adelaide's hands, irrevocably.
new south walesfurnishes law for broken hill and sends her judges 2,000 miles--mainlythrough alien countries--to administer it, but adelaide takes thedividends and makes no moan.
we started at 4.20 in the afternoon, and moved across level plains untilnight.
in the morning we had a stretch of "scrub" country--the kind ofthingwhich is so useful to the australian novelist.
in the scrub the hostileaboriginal lurks, and flits mysteriously about, slipping out from time totime to surprise and slaughter the settler; then slipping back again, andleaving no track that the white man can follow.
in the scrub thenovelist's heroine gets lost, search fails of result; she wanders hereand there, and finally sinks down exhausted and unconscious, and thesearchers pass within a yard or two of her, not suspecting that she isnear, and by and by some rambler finds her bones and the pathetic diarywhich she had scribbled with her failing hand and left behind.
nobodycan find a lost heroine in the scrub but the aboriginal "tracker," and hewill not lend himself to the scheme if it will interfere with thenovelist's plot.
the scrub stretches miles and miles in all directions,and looks like a level roof of bush-tops without a break or a crack in it--as seamless as a blanket, to all appearance.
one might as well walkunder water and hope to guess out a route and stick to it, i shouldthink.
yet it is claimed that the aboriginal "tracker" was able to huntout people lost in the scrub.
also in the "bush"; also in the desert;and even follow them over patches of bare rocks and over alluvial groundwhich had to all appearance been washed clear of footprints.
from reading australian books and talking with the people, i becameconvinced that the aboriginal tracker's performances evince a craft, apenetration, a luminous sagacity, and a minuteness and accuracy ofobservation in the matter of detective-work not found in nearly soremarkable a degree in any other people, white or colored.
in anofficial account of the blacks of australia published by the governmentof victoria, one reads that the aboriginal not only notices the faintmarks left on the bark of a tree by the claws of a climbing opossum, butknows in some way or other whether the marks were made to-day oryesterday.
and there is the case, on record where a., a settler, makes a bet withb., that b. may lose a cow as effectually as he can, and a. will producean aboriginal who will find her.
b. selects a cow and lets the trackersee the cow's footprint, then be put under guard.
b. then drives the cowa few miles over a course which drifts in all directions, and frequentlydoubles back upon itself; and he selects difficult ground all the time,and once or twice even drives the cow through herds of other cows, andmingles her tracks in the wide confusion of theirs.
he finally bringshis cow home; the aboriginal is set at liberty, and at once moves aroundin a great circle, examining all cow-tracks until he finds the one he isafter; then sets off and follows it throughout its erratic course, andultimately tracks it to the stable where b. has hidden the cow.
nowwherein does one cow-track differ from another?
there must be adifference, or the tracker could not have performed the feat; adifference minute, shadowy, and not detectible by you or me, or by thelate sherlock holmes, and yet discernible by a member of a race chargedby some people with occupying the bottom place in the gradations of humanintelligence.
the train was now exploring a beautiful hill country, and went twistingin and out through lovely little green valleys.
there were severalvarieties of gum trees; among them many giants.
some of them were bodiedand barked like the sycamore; some were of fantastic aspect, and remindedone of the quaint apple trees in japanese pictures.
and there was onepeculiarly beautiful tree whose name and breed i did not know.
thefoliage seemed to consist of big bunches of pine-spines, the lower halfof each bunch a rich brown or old-gold color, the upper half a most vividand strenuous and shouting green.
the effect was altogether bewitching.
the tree was apparently rare.
i should say that the first and lastsamples of it seen by us were not more than half an hour apart.
therewas another tree of striking aspect, a kind of pine, we were told.
itsfoliage was as fine as hair, apparently, and its mass sphered itselfabove the naked straight stem like an explosion of misty smoke.
it wasnot a sociable sort; it did not gather in groups or couples, but eachindividual stood far away from its nearest neighbor.
it scattered itselfin this spacious and exclusive fashion about the slopes of swellinggrassy great knolls, and stood in the full flood of the wonderfulsunshine; and as far as you could see the tree itself you could also seethe ink-black blot of its shadow on the shining green carpet at its feet.
on some part of this railway journey we saw gorse and broom--importationsfrom england--and a gentleman who came into our compartment on a visittried to tell me which--was which; but as he didn't know, he haddifficulty.
he said he was ashamed of his ignorance, but that he hadnever been confronted with the question before during the fifty years andmore that he had spent in australia, and so he had never happened to getinterested in the matter.
but there was no need to be ashamed.
the mostof us have his defect.
we take a natural interest in novelties, but itis against nature to take an interest in familiar things.
the gorse andthe broom were a fine accent in the landscape.
here and there they burstout in sudden conflagrations of vivid yellow against a background ofsober or sombre color, with a so startling effect as to make a body catchhis breath with the happy surprise of it.
and then there was the wattle,a native bush or tree, an inspiring cloud of sumptuous yellow bloom.
itis a favorite with the australians, and has a fine fragrance, a qualityusually wanting in australian blossoms.
the gentleman who enriched me with the poverty of his information aboutthegorse and the broom told me that he came out from england a youth oftwenty and entered the province of south australia with thirty-sixshillings in his pocket--an adventurer without trade, profession, orfriends, but with a clearly-defined purpose in his head: he would stayuntil he was worth l200, then go back home.
he would allow himself fiveyears for the accumulation of this fortune.
"that was more than fifty years ago," said he.
"and here i am, yet."
as he went out at the door he met a friend, and turned and introduced himto me, and the friend and i had a talk and a smoke.
i spoke of theprevious conversation and said there was something very pathetic aboutthishalf century of exile, and that i wished the l200 scheme had succeeded.
oh, it did.
it's not so sad a case.
he is modest, and heleft out some of the particulars.
the lad reached south australia justin time to help discover the burra-burra copper mines.
they turned outl700,000 in the first three years.
up to now they have yieldedl20,000,000.
he has had his share.
before that boy had been in thecountry two years he could have gone home and bought a village; he couldgo now and buy a city, i think.
no, there is nothing very pathetic abouthis case.
he and his copper arrived at just a handy time to save southaustralia.
it had got mashed pretty flat under the collapse of a landboom a while before."
there it is again; picturesque history--australia's specialty.
in 1829 south australia hadn't a white man init.
in 1836 the british parliament erected it--still a solitude--into aprovince, and gave it a governor and other governmental machinery.
speculators took hold, now, and inaugurated a vast land scheme, andinvited immigration, encouraging it with lurid promises of sudden wealth.
it was well worked in london; and bishops, statesmen, and all sorts ofpeople made a rush for the land company's shares.
immigrants soon beganto pour into the region of adelaide and select town lots and farms in thesand and the mangrove swamps by the sea.
the crowds continued to come,prices of land rose high, then higher and still higher, everybody wasprosperous and happy, the boom swelled into gigantic proportions.
avillage of sheet iron huts and clapboard sheds sprang up in the sand, andin these wigwams fashion made display; richly-dressed ladies played oncostly pianos, london swells in evening dress and patent-leather bootswere abundant, and this fine society drank champagne, and in other waysconducted itself in this capital of humble sheds as it had beenaccustomed to do in the aristocratic quarters of the metropolis of theworld.
the provincial government put up expensive buildings for its ownuse, and a palace with gardens for the use of its governor.
the governorhad a guard, and maintained a court.
roads, wharves, and hospitals werebuilt.
all this on credit, on paper, on wind, on inflated and fictitiousvalues--on the boom's moonshine, in fact.
this went on handsomely duringfour or five years.
then all of a sudden came a smash.
bills for a hugeamount drawn by the governor upon the treasury were dishonored, landcompany's credit went up in smoke, a panic followed, values fell with arush, the frightened immigrants seized their gripsacks and fled to otherlands, leaving behind them a good imitation of a solitude, where latelyhad been a buzzing and populous hive of men.
adelaide was indeed almost empty; its population had fallen to 3,000.during two years or more the death-trance continued.
prospect of revivalthere was none; hope of it ceased.
then, as suddenly as the paralysishad come, came the resurrection from it.
those astonishingly rich coppermines were discovered, and the corpse got up and danced.
the wool production began to grow; grain-raising followed--followed sovigorously, too, that four or five years after the copper discovery, thislittle colony, which had had to import its breadstuffs formerly, and payhard prices for them--once $50 a barrel for flour--had become an exporterof grain.
the prosperities continued.
after many years providence, desiring toshow especial regard for new south wales and exhibit a loving interest inits welfare which should certify to all nations the recognition of thatcolony's conspicuous righteousness and distinguished well-deserving,conferred upon it that treasury of inconceivable riches, broken hill; andsouth australia went over the border and took it, giving thanks.
among our passengers was an american with a unique vocation.
unique is astrong word, but i use it justifiably if i did not misconceive what theamerican told me; for i understood him to say that in the world there wasnot another man engaged in the business which he was following.
he wasbuying the kangaroo-skin crop; buying all of it, both the australian cropand the tasmanian; and buying it for an american house in new york.
theprices were not high, as there was no competition, but the year'saggregate of skins would cost him l30,000.
i had had the idea that thekangaroo was about extinct in tasmania and well thinned out on thecontinent.
in america the skins are tanned and made into shoes.
afterthe tanning, the leather takes a new name--which i have forgotten--i onlyremember that the new name does not indicate that the kangaroo furnishesthe leather.
there was a german competition for a while, some years ago,but that has ceased.
the germans failed to arrive at the secret oftanning the skins successfully, and they withdrew from the business.
nowthen, i suppose that i have seen a man whose occupation is reallyentitled to bear that high epithet--unique.
and i suppose that there isnot another occupation in the world that is restricted to the hands of asole person.
i can think of no instance of it.
there is more than onepope, there is more than one emperor, there is even more than one livinggod, walking upon the earth and worshiped in all sincerity by largepopulations of men.
i have seen and talked with two of these beingsmyself in india, and i have the autograph of one of them.
it can comegood, by and by, i reckon, if i attach it to a "permit."
approaching adelaide we dismounted from the train, as the french say, andwere driven in an open carriage over the hills and along their slopes tothe city.
it was an excursion of an hour or two, and the charm of itcould not be overstated, i think.
the road wound around gaps and gorges,and offered all varieties of scenery and prospect--mountains, crags,country homes, gardens, forests--color, color, color everywhere, and theair fine and fresh, the skies blue, and not a shred of cloud to mar thedownpour of the brilliant sunshine.
and finally the mountain gatewayopened, and the immense plain lay spread out below and stretching awayinto dim distances on every hand, soft and delicate and dainty andbeautiful.
on its near edge reposed the city.
we descended and entered.
there was nothing to remind one of the humblecapital, of huts and sheds of the long-vanished day of the land-boom.
no, this was a modern city, with wide streets, compactly built; with finehomes everywhere, embowered in foliage and flowers, and with imposingmasses of public buildings nobly grouped and architecturally beautiful.
there was prosperity, in the air; for another boom was on.
providence,desiring to show especial regard for the neighboring colony on the westcalled western australia--and exhibit a loving interest in its welfarewhich should certify to all nations the recognition of that colony'sconspicuous righteousness and distinguished well-deserving, had recentlyconferred upon it that majestic treasury of golden riches, coolgardie;and now south australia had gone around the corner and taken it, givingthanks.
everything comes to him who is patient and good, and waits.
but south australia deserves much, for apparently she is a hospitablehome for every alien who chooses to come; and for his religion, too.
she has a population, as per the latest census, of only 320,000-odd, andyet her varieties of religion indicate the presence within her borders ofsamples of people from pretty nearly every part of the globe you canthink of.
tabulated, these varieties of religion make a remarkable show.
one would have to go far to find its match.
i copy here thiscosmopolitan curiosity, and it comes from the published census:church of england,........... 89,271roman catholic,.............. 47,179wesleyan,.................... 49,159lutheran,.................... 23,328presbyterian,................ 18,206congregationalist,........... 11,882bible christian,............. 15,762primitive methodist,......... 11,654baptist,..................... 17,547christian brethren,..........    465methodist new connexion,.....     39unitarian,...................    688church of christ,............  3,367society of friends,..........    100salvation army,..............  4,356new jerusalem church,........    168jews,........................    840protestants (undefined),.....  5,532mohammedans,.................    299confucians, etc.,............
3,884other religions,.............  1,719object,......................  6,940not stated,..................  8,046total,.......................320,431the item in the above list "other religions" includes the following asreturned:agnostics, 50atheists, 22believers in christ, 4buddhists, 52calvinists, 46christadelphians, 134christians, 308christ's chapel, 9christian israelites, 2christian socialists, 6church of god, 6cosmopolitans, 3deists, 14evangelists, 60exclusive brethren, 8free church, 21free methodists, 5freethinkers, 258followers of christ, 8gospel meetings, 11greek church, 44infidels, 9maronites, 2memnonists, 1moravians, 139mormons, 4naturalists, 2orthodox, 4others (indefinite), 17pagans, 20pantheists, 3plymouth brethren, 111rationalists, 4reformers, 7secularists, 12seventh-day adventists, 203shaker, 1shintoists, 24spiritualists, 37theosophists, 9town (city) mission, 16welsh church, 27huguenot, 2hussite, 1zoroastrians, 2zwinglian, 1about 64 roads to the other world.
you see how healthy the religiousatmosphere is.
anything can live in it.
agnostics, atheists,freethinkers, infidels, mormons, pagans, indefinites they are all there.
and all the big sects of the world can do more than merely live in it:they can spread, flourish, prosper.
all except the spiritualists and thetheosophists.
that is the most curious feature of this curious table.
what is the matter with the specter?
why do they puff him away?
he is awelcome toy everywhere else in the world.
the successor of the sheet-iron hamlet of the mangrove marshes has thatother australian specialty, the botanical gardens.
we cannot have theseparadises.
the best we could do would be to cover a vast acreage underglass and apply steam heat.
but it would be inadequate, the lacks wouldstill be so great: the confined sense, the sense of suffocation, theatmospheric dimness, the sweaty heat--these would all be there, in placeof the australian openness to the sky, the sunshine and the breeze.
whatever will grow under glass with us will flourish rampantly out ofdoors in australia.--[the greatest heat in victoria, that there is anauthoritative record of, was at sandhurst, in january, 1862.  thethermometer then registered 117 degrees in the shade.
in january, 1880,the heat at adelaide, south australia, was 172 degrees in the sun.]
when the white man came the continent was nearly as poor, in variety ofvegetation, as the desert of sahara; now it has everything that grows onthe earth.
in fact, not australia only, but all australasia has leviedtribute upon the flora of the rest of the world; and wherever one goesthe results appear, in gardens private and public, in the woodsy walls ofthe highways, and in even the forests.
if you see a curious or beautifultree or bush or flower, and ask about it, the people, answering, usuallyname a foreign country as the place of its origin--india, africa, japan,china, england, america, java, sumatra, new guinea, polynesia, and so on.
in the zoological gardens of adelaide i saw the only laughing jackassthat ever showed any disposition to be courteous to me.
this one openedhis head wide and laughed like a demon; or like a maniac who was consumedwith humorous scorn over a cheap and degraded pun.
it was a very humanlaugh.
if he had been out of sight i could have believed that thelaughter came from a man.
it is an odd-looking bird, with a head andbeak that are much too large for its body.
in time man will exterminatethe rest of the wild creatures of australia, but this one will probablysurvive, for man is his friend and lets him alone.
man always has a goodreason for his charities towards wild things, human or animal when he hasany.
in this case the bird is spared because he kills snakes.
if l. j.will take my advice he will not kill all of them.
in that garden i also saw the wild australian dog--the dingo.
he was abeautiful creature--shapely, graceful, a little wolfish in some of hisaspects, but with a most friendly eye and sociable disposition.
thedingo is not an importation; he was present in great force when thewhites first came to the continent.
it may be that he is the oldest dogin the universe; his origin, his descent, the place where his ancestorsfirst appeared, are as unknown and as untraceable as are the camel's.
he is the most precious dog in the world, for he does not bark.
but inan evil hour he got to raiding the sheep-runs to appease his hunger, andthat sealed his doom.
he is hunted, now, just as if he were a wolf.
he has been sentenced to extermination, and the sentence will be carriedout.
this is all right, and not objectionable.
the world was made forman--the white man.
south australia is confusingly named.
all of the colonies have asouthern exposure except one--queensland.
properly speaking, southaustralia is middle australia.
it extends straight up through the centerof the continent like the middle board in a center-table.
it is 2,000miles high, from south to north, and about a third as wide.
a wee littlespot down in its southeastern corner contains eight or nine-tenths of itspopulation; the other one or two-tenths are elsewhere--as elsewhere asthey could be in the united states with all the country between denverand chicago, and canada and the gulf of mexico to scatter over.
there isplenty of room.
a telegraph line stretches straight up north through that 2,000 miles ofwilderness and desert from adelaide to port darwin on the edge of theupper ocean.
south australia built the line; and did it in 1871-2 whenher population numbered only 185,000.  it was a great work; for therewere no roads, no paths; 1,300 miles of the route had been traversed butonce before by white men; provisions, wire, and poles had to be carriedover immense stretches of desert; wells had to be dug along the route tosupply the men and cattle with water.
a cable had been previously laid from port darwin to java and thence toindia, and there was telegraphic communication with england from india.
and so, if adelaide could make connection with port darwin it meantconnection with the whole world.
the enterprise succeeded.
one couldwatch the london markets daily, now; the profit to the wool-growers ofaustralia was instant and enormous.
a telegram from melbourne to san francisco covers approximately 20,000miles--the equivalent of five-sixths of the way around the globe.
it hasto halt along the way a good many times and be repeated; still, butlittle time is lost.
these halts, and the distances between them, arehere tabulated.--[from "round the empire."
(george r.  parkin), all butthe last two.]
melbourne-mount gambier,.......300mount gambier-adelaide,........270adelaide-port augusta,.........200port augusta-alice springs...1,036alice springs-port darwin,.....898port darwin-banjoewangie,... 1,150banjoewangie-batavia,..........480batavia-singapore,.............553singapore-penang,..............399penang-madras,...............1,280madras-bombay,.................650bombay-aden,.................1,662aden-suez,...................1,346suez-alexandria,...............224alexandria-malta,..............828malta-gibraltar,.............1,008gibraltar-falmouth,..........1,061falmouth-london,...............350london-new york,.............2,500new york-san francisco,......3,500i was in adelaide again, some months later, and saw the multitudes gatherin the neighboring city of glenelg to commemorate the reading of theproclamation--in 1836--which founded the province.
if i have at any timecalled it a colony, i withdraw the discourtesy.
it is not a colony, itis a province; and officially so.
moreover, it is the only one so namedin australasia.
there was great enthusiasm; it was the province'snational holiday, its fourth of july, so to speak.
it is the pre-eminentholiday; and that is saying much, in a country where they seem to have amost un-english mania for holidays.
mainly they are workingmen'sholidays; for in south australia the workingman is sovereign; his vote isthe desire of the politician--indeed, it is the very breath of thepolitician's being; the parliament exists to deliver the will of theworkingman, and the government exists to execute it.
the workingman is agreat power everywhere in australia, but south australia is his paradise.
he has had a hard time in this world, and has earned a paradise.
i amglad he has found it.
the holidays there are frequent enough to bebewildering to the stranger.
i tried to get the hang of the system, butwas not able to do it.
you have seen that the province is tolerant, religious-wise.
it is sopolitically, also.
one of the speakers at the commemoration banquet--theminister of public works-was an american, born and reared in new england.
there is nothing narrow about the province, politically, or in any otherway that i know of.
sixty-four religions and a yankee cabinet minister.
no amount of horse-racing can damn this community.
the mean temperature of the province is 62 deg.
the death-rate is 13 inthe 1,000--about half what it is in the city of new york, i should think,and new york is a healthy city.
thirteen is the death-rate for theaverage citizen of the province, but there seems to be no death-rate forthe old people.
there were people at the commemoration banquet who couldremember cromwell.
there were six of them.
these old settlers had allbeen present at the original reading of the proclamation, in 1836.  theyshowed signs of the blightings and blastings of time, in their outwardaspect, but they were young within; young and cheerful, and ready totalk; ready to talk, and talk all you wanted; in their turn, and out ofit.
they were down for six speeches, and they made 42.  the governor andthe cabinet and the mayor were down for 42 speeches, and they made 6.they have splendid grit, the old settlers, splendid staying power.
butthey do not hear well, and when they see the mayor going through motionswhich they recognize as the introducing of a speaker, they think they arethe one, and they all get up together, and begin to respond, in the mostanimated way; and the more the mayor gesticulates, and shouts "sit down!
the more they take it for applause, and the more excited andreminiscent and enthusiastic they get; and next, when they see the wholehouse laughing and crying, three of them think it is about the bitterold-time hardships they are describing, and the other three think thelaughter is caused by the jokes they have been uncorking--jokes of thevintage of 1836--and then the way they do go on!
and finally when usherscome and plead, and beg, and gently and reverently crowd them down intotheir seats, they say, "oh, i'm not tired--i could bang along a week!"
and they sit there looking simple and childlike, and gentle, and proud oftheir oratory, and wholly unconscious of what is going on at the otherend of the room.
and so one of the great dignitaries gets a chance, andbegins his carefully prepared speech, impressively and with solemnity--     "when we, now great and prosperous and powerful, bow our heads in     reverent wonder in the contemplation of those sublimities of energy,     of wisdom, of forethought, of----"up come the immortal six again, in a body, with a joyous "hey, i'vethought of another one!"
and at it they go, with might and main, hearingnot a whisper of the pandemonium that salutes them, but taking all thevisible violences for applause, as before, and hammering joyously awaytill the imploring ushers pray them into their seats again.
and a pity,too; for those lovely old boys did so enjoy living their heroic youthover, in these days of their honored antiquity; and certainly the thingsthey had to tell were usually worth the telling and the hearing.
it was a stirring spectacle; stirring in more ways than one, for it wasamazingly funny, and at the same time deeply pathetic; for they had seenso much, these time-worn veterans, and had suffered so much; and hadbuilt so strongly and well, and laid the foundations of theircommonwealth so deep, in liberty and tolerance; and had lived to see thestructure rise to such state and dignity and hear themselves so praisedfor their honorable work.
one of these old gentlemen told me some things of interest afterward;things about the aboriginals, mainly.
he thought them intelligent--remarkably so in some directions--and he said that along with theirunpleasant qualities they had some exceedingly good ones; and heconsidered it a great pity that the race had died out.
he instancedtheir invention of the boomerang and the "weet-weet" as evidences oftheir brightness; and as another evidence of it he said he had never seena white man who had cleverness enough to learn to do the miracles withthose two toys that the aboriginals achieved.
he said that even thesmartest whites had been obliged to confess that they could not learn thetrick of the boomerang in perfection; that it had possibilities whichthey could not master.
the white man could not control its motions,could not make it obey him; but the aboriginal could.
he told me somewonderful things--some almost incredible things--which he had seen theblacks do with the boomerang and the weet-weet.
they have been confirmedto me since by other early settlers and by trustworthy books.
it is contended--and may be said to be conceded--that the boomerang wasknown to certain savage tribes in europe in roman times.
in support ofthis, virgil and two other roman poets are quoted.
it is also contendedthat it was known to the ancient egyptians.
one of two things is then apparent: either some one with a boomerangarrived in australia in the days of antiquity before european knowledgeof the thing had been lost, or the australian aboriginal reinvented it.
it will take some time to find out which of these two propositions is thefact.
but there is no hurry.
from diary:mr. g.  called.
i had not seen him since nauheim, germany--several yearsago; the time that the cholera broke out at hamburg.
we talked of thepeople we had known there, or had casually met; and g. said:"do you remember my introducing you to an earl--the earl of c.?"
that was the last time i saw you.
you and he were in a carriage,just starting--belated--for the train.
i remember it."
"i remember it too, because of a thing which happened then which i wasnot looking for.
he had told me a while before, about a remarkable andinteresting californian whom he had met and who was a friend of yours,and said that if he should ever meet you he would ask you for someparticulars about that californian.
the subject was not mentioned thatday at nauheim, for we were hurrying away, and there was no time; but thething that surprised me was this: when i introduced you, you said, 'i amglad to meet your lordship--again.'
the 'again' was the surprise.
he isa little hard of hearing, and didn't catch that word, and i thought youhadn't intended that he should.
as we drove off i had only time to say,'why, what do you know about him?'
and i understood you to say, 'oh,nothing, except that he is the quickest judge of----'  then we were gone,and i didn't get the rest.
i wondered what it was that he was such aquick judge of.
i have thought of it many times since, and stillwondered what it could be.
he and i talked it over, but could not guessit out.
he thought it must be fox-hounds or horses, for he is a goodjudge of those--no one is a better.
but you couldn't know that, becauseyou didn't know him; you had mistaken him for some one else; it must bethat, he said, because he knew you had never met him before.
and ofcourse you hadn't had you?"
"yes, i had."
"is that so?
"at a fox-hunt, in england."
"how curious that is.
why, he hadn't the least recollection of it.
hadyou any conversation with him?"
"well, it left not the least impression upon him.
what did you talkabout?"
"about the fox.
i think that was all."
"why, that would interest him; that ought to have left an impression.
what did he talk about?"
it's very curious.
i don't understand it.
did what he said leave animpression upon you?"
it showed me that he was a quick judge of--however, i will tellyou all about it, then you will understand.
it was a quarter of acentury ago 1873 or '74.
i had an american friend in london named f.,who was fond of hunting, and his friends the blanks invited him and me tocome out to a hunt and be their guests at their country place.
in themorning the mounts were provided, but when i saw the horses i changed mymind and asked permission to walk.
i had never seen an english hunterbefore, and it seemed to me that i could hunt a fox safer on the ground.
i had always been diffident about horses, anyway, even those of thecommon altitudes, and i did not feel competent to hunt on a horse thatwent on stilts.
so then mrs. blank came to my help and said i could gowith her in the dog-cart and we would drive to a place she knew of, andthere we should have a good glimpse of the hunt as it went by.
"when we got to that place i got out and went and leaned my elbows on alow stone wall which enclosed a turfy and beautiful great field withheavy wood on all its sides except ours.
mrs. blank sat in the dog-cartfifty yards away, which was as near as she could get with the vehicle.
i was full of interest, for i had never seen a fox-hunt.
i waited,dreaming and imagining, in the deep stillness and impressive tranquilitywhich reigned in that retired spot.
presently, from away off in theforest on the left, a mellow bugle-note came floating; then all of asudden a multitude of dogs burst out of that forest and went tearing byand disappeared in the forest on the right; there was a pause, and thena cloud of horsemen in black caps and crimson coats plunged out of theleft-hand forest and went flaming across the field like a prairie-fire,a stirring sight to see.
there was one man ahead of the rest, and hecame spurring straight at me.
he was fiercely excited.
it was fine tosee him ride; he was a master horseman.
he came like a storm till hewas within seven feet of me, where i was leaning on the wall, then hestood his horse straight up in the air on his hind toe-nails, and shoutedlike a demon:"'which way'd the fox go?'
"i didn't much like the tone, but i did not let on; for he was excited,you know.
but i was calm; so i said softly, and without acrimony:"'which fox?'
"it seemed to anger him.
i don't know why; and he thundered out:"'which fox?
why, the fox?
which way did the fox go?'
"i said, with great gentleness--even argumentatively:"'if you could be a little more definite--a little less vague--because iam a stranger, and there are many foxes, as you will know even betterthan i, and unless i know which one it is that you desire to identify,and----'"'you're certainly the damdest idiot that has escaped in a thousandyears!'
and he snatched his great horse around as easily as i wouldsnatch a cat, and was away like a hurricane.
a very excitable man.
"i went back to mrs. blank, and she was excited, too--oh, all alive.
shesaid:"'he spoke to you!--didn't he?'
"'yes, it is what happened.'
"'i knew it!
i couldn't hear what he said, but i knew he spoke to you!
doyou know who it was?
it was lord c., and he is master of the buckhounds!
tell me--what do you think of him?'
well, for sizing-up a stranger, he's got the most sudden andaccurate judgment of any man i ever saw.'
"it pleased her.
i thought it would."
g. got away from nauheim just in time to escape being shut in by thequarantine-bars on the frontiers; and so did we, for we left the nextday.
but g. had a great deal of trouble in getting by the italiancustom-house, and we should have fared likewise but for thethoughtfulness of our consul-general in frankfort.
he introduced me tothe italian consul-general, and i brought away from that consulate aletter which made our way smooth.
it was a dozen lines merely commendingme in a general way to the courtesies of servants in his italianmajesty's service, but it was more powerful than it looked.
in additionto a raft of ordinary baggage, we had six or eight trunks which werefilled exclusively with dutiable stuff--household goods purchased infrankfort for use in florence, where we had taken a house.
i was goingto ship these through by express; but at the last moment an order wentthroughout germany forbidding the moving of any parcels by train unlessthe owner went with them.
this was a bad outlook.
we must take thesethings along, and the delay sure to be caused by the examination of themin the custom-house might lose us our train.
i imagined all sorts ofterrors, and enlarged them steadily as we approached the italianfrontier.
we were six in number, clogged with all that baggage, and iwas courier for the party--the most incapable one they ever employed.
we arrived, and pressed with the crowd into the immense custom-house, andthe usual worries began; everybody crowding to the counter and begging tohave his baggage examined first, and all hands clattering and chatteringat once.
it seemed to me that i could do nothing; it would be better togive it all up and go away and leave the baggage.
i couldn't speak thelanguage; i should never accomplish anything.
just then a tall handsomeman in a fine uniform was passing by and i knew he must be thestation-master--and that reminded me of my letter.
i ran to him and putit into his hands.
he took it out of the envelope, and the moment hiseye caught the royal coat of arms printed at its top, he took off his capand made a beautiful bow to me, and said in english:"which is your baggage?
please show it to me."
i showed him the mountain.
nobody was disturbing it; nobody wasinterested in it; all the family's attempts to get attention to it hadfailed--except in the case of one of the trunks containing the dutiablegoods.
it was just being opened.
my officer said:"there, let that alone!
now chalk it.
chalk all of the lot.
now please come and show me the hand-baggage."
he plowed through the waiting crowd, i following, to the counter, and hegave orders again, in his emphatic military way:"chalk these.
chalk all of them."
then he took off his cap and made that beautiful bow again, and went hisway.
by this time these attentions had attracted the wonder of that acreof passengers, and the whisper had gone around that the royal family werepresent getting their baggage chalked; and as we passed down in review onour way to the door, i was conscious of a pervading atmosphere of envywhich gave me deep satisfaction.
but soon there was an accident.
my overcoat pockets were stuffed withgerman cigars and linen packages of american smoking tobacco, and aporter was following us around with this overcoat on his arm, andgradually getting it upside down.
just as i, in the rear of my family,moved by the sentinels at the door, about three hatfuls of the tobaccotumbled out on the floor.
one of the soldiers pounced upon it, gatheredit up in his arms, pointed back whence i had come, and marched me aheadof him past that long wall of passengers again--he chattering andexulting like a devil, they smiling in peaceful joy, and i trying to lookas if my pride was not hurt, and as if i did not mind being brought toshame before these pleased people who had so lately envied me.
but atheart i was cruelly humbled.
when i had been marched two-thirds of the long distance and the misery ofit was at the worst, the stately station-master stepped out fromsomewhere, and the soldier left me and darted after him and overtook him;and i could see by the soldier's excited gestures that he was betrayingto him the whole shabby business.
the station-master was plainly veryangry.
he came striding down toward me, and when he was come near hebegan to pour out a stream of indignant italian; then suddenly took offhis hat and made that beautiful bow and said:"oh, it is you!
i beg a thousands pardons!
this idiot here---" he turnedto the exulting soldier and burst out with a flood of white-hot italianlava, and the next moment he was bowing, and the soldier and i weremoving in procession again--he in the lead and ashamed, this time, i withmy chin up.
and so we marched by the crowd of fascinated passengers, andi went forth to the train with the honors of war.
tobacco and all.
before i saw australia i had never heard of the "weet-weet" at all.
i met but few men who had seen it thrown--at least i met but few whomentioned having seen it thrown.
roughly described, it is a fat woodencigar with its butt-end fastened to a flexible twig.
the whole thing isonly a couple of feet long, and weighs less than two ounces.
thisfeather--so to call it--is not thrown through the air, but is flung withan underhanded throw and made to strike the ground a little way in frontof the thrower; then it glances and makes a long skip; glances again,skips again, and again and again, like the flat stone which a boy sendsskating over the water.
the water is smooth, and the stone has a goodchance; so a strong man may make it travel fifty or seventy-five yards;but the weet-weet has no such good chance, for it strikes sand, grass,and earth in its course.
yet an expert aboriginal has sent it a measureddistance of two hundred and twenty yards.
it would have gone evenfurther but it encountered rank ferns and underwood on its passage andthey damaged its speed.
two hundred and twenty yards; and so weightlessa toy--a mouse on the end of a bit of wire, in effect; and not sailingthrough the accommodating air, but encountering grass and sand and stuffat every jump.
it looks wholly impossible; but mr. brough smyth saw thefeat and did the measuring, and set down the facts in his book aboutaboriginal life, which he wrote by command of the victorian government.
what is the secret of the feat?
no one explains.
it cannot be physicalstrength, for that could not drive such a feather-weight any distance.
it must be art.
but no one explains what the art of it is; nor how itgets around that law of nature which says you shall not throw anytwo-ounce thing 220 yards, either through the air or bumping along theground.
j. g. woods says:"the distance to which the weet-weet or kangaroo-rat can be thrown istruly astonishing.
i have seen an australian stand at one side ofkennington oval and throw the kangaroo rat completely across it."
(widthof kennington oval not stated.)
"it darts through the air with the sharpand menacing hiss of a rifle-ball, its greatest height from the groundbeing some seven or eight feet .
when properly thrown itlooks just like a living animal leaping along .
itsmovements have a wonderful resemblance to the long leaps of akangaroo-rat fleeing in alarm, with its long tail trailing behind it."
the old settler said that he had seen distances made by the weet-weet, inthe early days, which almost convinced him that it was as extraordinaryan instrument as the boomerang.
there must have been a large distribution of acuteness among those nakedskinny aboriginals, or they couldn't have been such unapproachabletrackers and boomerangers and weet-weeters.
it must have beenrace-aversion that put upon them a good deal of the low-rate intellectualreputation which they bear and have borne this long time in the world'sestimate of them.
they were lazy--always lazy.
perhaps that was their trouble.
it is akilling defect.
surely they could have invented and built a competenthouse, but they didn't.
and they could have invented and developed theagricultural arts, but they didn't.
they went naked and houseless, andlived on fish and grubs and worms and wild fruits, and were just plainsavages, for all their smartness.
with a country as big as the united states to live and multiply in, andwith no epidemic diseases among them till the white man came with thoseand his other appliances of civilization, it is quite probable that therewas never a day in his history when he could muster 100,000 of his racein all australia.
he diligently and deliberately kept population down byinfanticide--largely; but mainly by certain other methods.
he did notneed to practise these artificialities any more after the white man came.
the white man knew ways of keeping down population which were worthseveral of his.
the white man knew ways of reducing a native population80 percent.
in 20 years.
the native had never seen anything as fine asthat before.
for example, there is the case of the country now called victoria--acountry eighty times as large as rhode island, as i have already said.
by the best official guess there were 4,500 aboriginals in it when thewhites came along in the middle of the 'thirties.
of these, 1,000 livedin gippsland, a patch of territory the size of fifteen or sixteen rhodeislands: they did not diminish as fast as some of the other communities;indeed, at the end of forty years there were still 200 of them left.
thegeelong tribe diminished more satisfactorily: from 173 persons it fadedto 34 in twenty years; at the end of another twenty the tribe numberedone person altogether.
the two melbourne tribes could muster almost 300when the white man came; they could muster but twenty, thirty-seven yearslater, in 1875.  in that year there were still odds and ends of tribesscattered about the colony of victoria, but i was told that natives offull blood are very scarce now.
it is said that the aboriginals continuein some force in the huge territory called queensland.
the early whites were not used to savages.
they could not understand theprimary law of savage life: that if a man do you a wrong, his whole tribeis responsible--each individual of it--and you may take your change outof any individual of it, without bothering to seek out the guilty one.
when a white killed an aboriginal, the tribe applied the ancient law, andkilled the first white they came across.
to the whites this was amonstrous thing.
extermination seemed to be the proper medicine for suchcreatures as this.
they did not kill all the blacks, but they promptlykilled enough of them to make their own persons safe.
from the dawn ofcivilization down to this day the white man has always used that veryprecaution.
mrs. campbell praed lived in queensland, as a child, in theearly days, and in her "sketches of australian life," we get informingpictures of the early struggles of the white and the black to reform eachother.
speaking of pioneer days in the mighty wilderness of queensland, mrs.praed says:     "at first the natives retreated before the whites; and, except that     they every now and then speared a beast in one of the herds, gave     little cause for uneasiness.
but, as the number of squatters     increased, each one taking up miles of country and bringing two or     three men in his train, so that shepherds' huts and stockmen's camps     lay far apart, and defenseless in the midst of hostile tribes, the     blacks' depredations became more frequent and murder was no unusual     event.
"the loneliness of the australian bush can hardly be painted in     words.
here extends mile after mile of primeval forest where     perhaps foot of white man has never trod--interminable vistas where     the eucalyptus trees rear their lofty trunks and spread forth their     lanky limbs, from which the red gum oozes and hangs in fantastic     pendants like crimson stalactites; ravines along the sides of which     the long-bladed grass grows rankly; level untimbered plains     alternating with undulating tracts of pasture, here and there broken     by a stony ridge, steep gully, or dried-up creek.
all wild, vast     and desolate; all the same monotonous gray coloring, except where     the wattle, when in blossom, shows patches of feathery gold, or a     belt of scrub lies green, glossy, and impenetrable as indian jungle.
"the solitude seems intensified by the strange sounds of reptiles,     birds, and insects, and by the absence of larger creatures; of which     in the day-time, the only audible signs are the stampede of a herd     of kangaroo, or the rustle of a wallabi, or a dingo stirring the     grass as it creeps to its lair.
but there are the whirring of     locusts, the demoniac chuckle of the laughing jack-ass, the     screeching of cockatoos and parrots, the hissing of the frilled     lizard, and the buzzing of innumerable insects hidden under the     dense undergrowth.
and then at night, the melancholy wailing of the     curlews, the dismal howling of dingoes, the discordant croaking of     tree-frogs, might well shake the nerves of the solitary watcher."
that is the theater for the drama.
when you comprehend one or two otherdetails, you will perceive how well suited for trouble it was, and howloudly it invited it.
the cattlemen's stations were scattered over thatprofound wilderness miles and miles apart--at each station half a dozenpersons.
there was a plenty of cattle, the black natives were alwaysill-nourished and hungry.
the land belonged to them.
the whites had notbought it, and couldn't buy it; for the tribes had no chiefs, nobody inauthority, nobody competent to sell and convey; and the tribes themselveshad no comprehension of the idea of transferable ownership of land.
theousted owners were despised by the white interlopers, and this opinionwas not hidden under a bushel.
more promising materials for a tragedycould not have been collated.
let mrs. praed speak:     "at nie nie station, one dark night, the unsuspecting hut-keeper,     having, as he believed, secured himself against assault, was lying     wrapped in his blankets sleeping profoundly.
the blacks crept     stealthily down the chimney and battered in his skull while he     slept."
one could guess the whole drama from that little text.
the curtain wasup.
it would not fall until the mastership of one party or the other wasdetermined--and permanently:     "there was treachery on both sides.
the blacks killed the whites     when they found them defenseless, and the whites slew the blacks in     a wholesale and promiscuous fashion which offended against my     childish sense of justice.
"they were regarded as little above the level of brutes, and in some     cases were destroyed like vermin.
"here is an instance.
a squatter, whose station was surrounded by     blacks, whom he suspected to be hostile and from whom he feared an     attack, parleyed with them from his house-door.
he told them it was     christmas-time--a time at which all men, black or white, feasted;     that there were flour, sugar-plums, good things in plenty in the     store, and that he would make for them such a pudding as they had     never dreamed of--a great pudding of which all might eat and be     filled.
the blacks listened and were lost.
the pudding was made     and distributed.
next morning there was howling in the camp, for it     had been sweetened with sugar and arsenic!"
the white man's spirit was right, but his method was wrong.
his spiritwas the spirit which the civilized white has always exhibited toward thesavage, but the use of poison was a departure from custom.
true, it wasmerely a technical departure, not a real one; still, it was a departure,and therefore a mistake, in my opinion.
it was better, kinder, swifter,and much more humane than a number of the methods which have beensanctified by custom, but that does not justify its employment.
that is,it does not wholly justify it.
its unusual nature makes it stand out andattract an amount of attention which it is not entitled to.
it takeshold upon morbid imaginations and they work it up into a sort ofexhibition of cruelty, and this smirches the good name of ourcivilization, whereas one of the old harsher methods would have had nosuch effect because usage has made those methods familiar to us andinnocent.
in many countries we have chained the savage and starved himto death; and this we do not care for, because custom has inured us toit; yet a quick death by poison is lovingkindness to it.
in manycountries we have burned the savage at the stake; and this we do not carefor, because custom has inured us to it; yet a quick death isloving-kindness to it.
in more than one country we have hunted thesavage and his little children and their mother with dogs and gunsthrough the woods and swamps for an afternoon's sport, and filled theregion with happy laughter over their sprawling and stumbling flight, andtheir wild supplications for mercy; but this method we do not mind,because custom has inured us to it; yet a quick death by poison islovingkindness to it.
in many countries we have taken the savage's landfrom him, and made him our slave, and lashed him every day, and brokenhis pride, and made death his only friend, and overworked him till hedropped in his tracks; and this we do not care for, because custom hasinured us to it; yet a quick death by poison is lovingkindness to it.
in the matabeleland today--why, there we are confining ourselves tosanctified custom, we rhodes-beit millionaires in south africa and dukesin london; and nobody cares, because we are used to the old holy customs,and all we ask is that no notice-inviting new ones shall be intruded uponthe attention of our comfortable consciences.
mrs. praed says of thepoisoner, "that squatter deserves to have his name handed down to thecontempt of posterity."
i am sorry to hear her say that.
i myself blame him for one thing, andseverely, but i stop there.
i blame him for, the indiscretion ofintroducing a novelty which was calculated to attract attention to ourcivilization.
there was no occasion to do that.
it was his duty, and itis every loyal man's duty to protect that heritage in every way he can;and the best way to do that is to attract attention elsewhere.
thesquatter's judgment was bad--that is plain; but his heart was right.
heis almost the only pioneering representative of civilization in historywho has risen above the prejudices of his caste and his heredity andtried to introduce the element of mercy into the superior race's dealingswith the savage.
his name is lost, and it is a pity; for it deserves tobe handed down to posterity with homage and reverence.
this paragraph is from a london journal:     "to learn what france is doing to spread the blessings of     civilization in her distant dependencies we may turn with advantage     to new caledonia.
with a view to attracting free settlers to that     penal colony, m. feillet, the governor, forcibly expropriated the     kanaka cultivators from the best of their plantations, with a     derisory compensation, in spite of the protests of the council     general of the island.
such immigrants as could be induced to cross     the seas thus found themselves in possession of thousands of coffee,     cocoa, banana, and bread-fruit trees, the raising of which had cost     the wretched natives years of toil whilst the latter had a few     five-franc pieces to spend in the liquor stores of noumea."
you observe the combination?
it is robbery, humiliation, and slow, slowmurder, through poverty and the white man's whisky.
the savage's gentlefriend, the savage's noble friend, the only magnanimous and unselfishfriend the savage has ever had, was not there with the merciful swiftrelease of his poisoned pudding.
there are many humorous things in the world; among them the white man'snotion that he is less savage than the other savages.--[see chapter ontasmania, post.]
you notice that mrs. praed knows her art.
she can place a thing beforeyou so that you can see it.
she is not alone in that.
australia isfertile in writers whose books are faithful mirrors of the life of thecountry and of its history.
the materials were surprisingly rich, bothin quality and in mass, and marcus clarke, rolph boldrewood, gordon,kendall, and the others, have built out of them a brilliant and vigorousliterature, and one which must endure.
materials--there is no end tothem!
why, a literature might be made out of the aboriginal all byhimself, his character and ways are so freckled with varieties--varietiesnot staled by familiarity, but new to us.
you do not need to invent anypicturesquenesses; whatever you want in that line he can furnish you; andthey will not be fancies and doubtful, but realities and authentic.
inhis history, as preserved by the white man's official records, he iseverything--everything that a human creature can be.
he covers theentire ground.
he is a coward--there are a thousand fact to prove it.
he is brave--there are a thousand facts to prove it.
he is treacherous--oh, beyond imagination!
he is faithful, loyal, true--the white man'srecords supply you with a harvest of instances of it that are noble,worshipful, and pathetically beautiful.
he kills the starving strangerwho comes begging for food and shelter there is proof of it.
he succors,and feeds, and guides to safety, to-day, the lost stranger who fired onhim only yesterday--there is proof of it.
he takes his reluctant brideby force, he courts her with a club, then loves her faithfully through along life--it is of record.
he gathers to himself another wife by thesame processes, beats and bangs her as a daily diversion, and by and bylays down his life in defending her from some outside harm--it is ofrecord.
he will face a hundred hostiles to rescue one of his children,and will kill another of his children because the family is large enoughwithout it.
his delicate stomach turns, at certain details of the whiteman's food; but he likes over-ripe fish, and brazed dog, and cat, andrat, and will eat his own uncle with relish.
he is a sociable animal,yet he turns aside and hides behind his shield when his mother-in-lawgoes by.
he is childishly afraid of ghosts and other trivialities thatmenace his soul, but dread of physical pain is a weakness which he is notacquainted with.
he knows all the great and many of the littleconstellations, and has names for them; he has a symbol-writing by meansof which he can convey messages far and wide among the tribes; he has acorrect eye for form and expression, and draws a good picture; he cantrack a fugitive by delicate traces which the white man's eye cannotdiscern, and by methods which the finest white intelligence cannotmaster; he makes a missile which science itself cannot duplicate withoutthe model--if with it; a missile whose secret baffled and defeated thesearchings and theorizings of the white mathematicians for seventy years;and by an art all his own he performs miracles with it which the whiteman cannot approach untaught, nor parallel after teaching.
withincertain limits this savage's intellect is the alertest and the brightestknown to history or tradition; and yet the poor creature was never ableto invent a counting system that would reach above five, nor a vesselthat he could boil water in.
he is the prize-curiosity of all the races.
to all intents and purposes he is dead--in the body; but he has featuresthat will live in literature.
mr. philip chauncy, an officer of the victorian government, contributedto its archives a report of his personal observations of the aboriginalswhich has in it some things which i wish to condense slightly and inserthere.
he speaks of the quickness of their eyes and the accuracy of theirjudgment of the direction of approaching missiles as being quiteextraordinary, and of the answering suppleness and accuracy of limb andmuscle in avoiding the missile as being extraordinary also.
he has seenan aboriginal stand as a target for cricket-balls thrown with great forceten or fifteen yards, by professional bowlers, and successfully dodgethem or parry them with his shield during about half an hour.
one ofthose balls, properly placed, could have killed him; "yet he depended,with the utmost self-possession, on the quickness of his eye and hisagility."
the shield was the customary war-shield of his race, and would not be aprotection to you or to me.
it is no broader than a stovepipe, and isabout as long as a man's arm.
the opposing surface is not flat, butslopes away from the centerline like a boat's bow.
the difficulty abouta cricket-ball that has been thrown with a scientific "twist" is, that itsuddenly changes its course when it is close to its target and comesstraight for the mark when apparently it was going overhead or to oneside.
i should not be able to protect myself from such balls forhalf-an-hour, or less.
mr. chauncy once saw "a little native man" throw a cricket-ball 119yards.
this is said to beat the english professional record by thirteenyards.
we have all seen the circus-man bound into the air from a spring-boardand make a somersault over eight horses standing side by side.
mr.chauncy saw an aboriginal do it over eleven; and was assured that he hadsometimes done it over fourteen.
but what is that to this:     "i saw the same man leap from the ground, and in going over he     dipped his head, unaided by his hands, into a hat placed in an     inverted position on the top of the head of another man sitting     upright on horseback--both man and horse being of the average size.
the native landed on the other side of the horse with the hat fairly     on his head.
the prodigious height of the leap, and the precision     with which it was taken so as to enable him to dip his head into the     hat, exceeded any feat of the kind i have ever beheld."
i should think so!
on board a ship lately i saw a young oxford athleterun four steps and spring into the air and squirm his hips by aside-twist over a bar that was five and one-half feet high; but he couldnot have stood still and cleared a bar that was four feet high.
i knowthis, because i tried it myself.
one can see now where the kangaroo learned its art.
sir george grey and mr. eyre testify that the natives dug wells fourteenor fifteen feet deep and two feet in diameter at the bore--dug them inthe sand--wells that were "quite circular, carried straight down, and thework beautifully executed."
their tools were their hands and feet.
how did they throw sand out fromsuch a depth?
how could they stoop down and get it, with only two feetof space to stoop in?
how did they keep that sand-pipe from caving inon them?
i do not know.
still, they did manage those seemingimpossibilities.
swallowed the sand, may be.
mr. chauncy speaks highly of the patience and skill and alertintelligence of the native huntsman when he is stalking the emu, thekangaroo, and other game:     "as he walks through the bush his step is light, elastic, and     noiseless; every track on the earth catches his keen eye; a leaf, or     fragment of a stick turned, or a blade of grass recently bent by the     tread of one of the lower animals, instantly arrests his attention;     in fact, nothing escapes his quick and powerful sight on the ground,     in the trees, or in the distance, which may supply him with a meal     or warn him of danger.
a little examination of the trunk of a tree     which may be nearly covered with the scratches of opossums ascending     and descending is sufficient to inform him whether one went up the     night before without coming down again or not."
fennimore cooper lost his chance.
he would have known how to value thesepeople.
he wouldn't have traded the dullest of them for the brightestmohawk he ever invented.
all savages draw outline pictures upon bark; but the resemblances are notclose, and expression is usually lacking.
but the australianaboriginal's pictures of animals were nicely accurate in form, attitude,carriage; and he put spirit into them, and expression.
and his picturesof white people and natives were pretty nearly as good as his pictures ofthe other animals.
he dressed his whites in the fashion of their day,both the ladies and the gentlemen.
as an untaught wielder of the pencilit is not likely that he has his equal among savage people.
his place in art--as to drawing, not color-work--is well up, all thingsconsidered.
his art is not to be classified with savage art at all, buton a plane two degrees above it and one degree above the lowest plane ofcivilized art.
to be exact, his place in art is between botticelli andde maurier.
that is to say, he could not draw as well as de maurier butbetter than boticelli.
in feeling, he resembles both; also in groupingand in his preferences in the matter of subjects.
his "corrobboree" ofthe australian wilds reappears in de maurier's belgravian ballrooms, withclothes and the smirk of civilization added; botticelli's "spring" is the"corrobboree" further idealized, but with fewer clothes and more smirk.
and well enough as to intention, but--my word!
the aboriginal can make a fire by friction.
i have tried that.
all savages are able to stand a good deal of physical pain.
theaustralian aboriginal has this quality in a well-developed degree.
donot read the following instances if horrors are not pleasant to you.
they were recorded by the rev.
henry n. wolloston, of melbourne, who hadbeen a surgeon before he became a clergyman:     1.
"in the summer of 1852 i started on horseback from albany, king     george's sound, to visit at cape riche, accompanied by a native on     foot.
we traveled about forty miles the first day, then camped by a     water-hole for the night.
after cooking and eating our supper, i     observed the native, who had said nothing to me on the subject,     collect the hot embers of the fire together, and deliberately place     his right foot in the glowing mass for a moment, then suddenly     withdraw it, stamping on the ground and uttering a long-drawn     guttural sound of mingled pain and satisfaction.
this operation he     repeated several times.
on my inquiring the meaning of his strange     conduct, he only said, 'me carpenter-make 'em' ('i am mending my     foot'), and then showed me his charred great toe, the nail of which     had been torn off by a tea-tree stump, in which it had been caught     during the journey, and the pain of which he had borne with stoical     composure until the evening, when he had an opportunity of     cauterizing the wound in the primitive manner above described."
and he proceeded on the journey the next day, "as if nothing hadhappened"--and walked thirty miles.
it was a strange idea, to keep asurgeon and then do his own surgery.
"a native about twenty-five years of age once applied to me, as     a doctor, to extract the wooden barb of a spear, which, during a     fight in the bush some four months previously, had entered his     chest, just missing the heart, and penetrated the viscera to a     considerable depth.
the spear had been cut off, leaving the barb     behind, which continued to force its way by muscular action     gradually toward the back; and when i examined him i could feel a     hard substance between the ribs below the left blade-bone.
i made a     deep incision, and with a pair of forceps extracted the barb, which     was made, as usual, of hard wood about four inches long and from     half an inch to an inch thick.
it was very smooth, and partly     digested, so to speak, by the maceration to which it had been     exposed during its four months' journey through the body.
the wound     made by the spear had long since healed, leaving only a small     cicatrix; and after the operation, which the native bore without     flinching, he appeared to suffer no pain.
indeed, judging from his     good state of health, the presence of the foreign matter did not     materially annoy him.
he was perfectly well in a few days."
3 is my favorite.
whenever i read it i seem to enjoy all thatthe patient enjoyed--whatever it was:     3.
"once at king george's sound a native presented himself to me     with one leg only, and requested me to supply him with a wooden leg.
he had traveled in this maimed state about ninety-six miles, for     this purpose.
i examined the limb, which had been severed just     below the knee, and found that it had been charred by fire, while     about two inches of the partially calcined bone protruded through     the flesh.
i at once removed this with the saw; and having made as     presentable a stump of it as i could, covered the amputated end of     the bone with a surrounding of muscle, and kept the patient a few     days under my care to allow the wound to heal.
on inquiring, the     native told me that in a fight with other black-fellows a spear had     struck his leg and penetrated the bone below the knee.
finding it     was serious, he had recourse to the following crude and barbarous     operation, which it appears is not uncommon among these people in     their native state.
he made a fire, and dug a hole in the earth     only sufficiently large to admit his leg, and deep enough to allow     the wounded part to be on a level with the surface of the ground.
he then surrounded the limb with the live coals or charcoal, which     was replenished until the leg was literally burnt off.
the     cauterization thus applied completely checked the hemorrhage, and he     was able in a day or two to hobble down to the sound, with the aid     of a long stout stick, although he was more than a week on the     road."
but he was a fastidious native.
he soon discarded the wooden leg madefor him by the doctor, because "it had no feeling in it."
it must havehad as much as the one he burnt off, i should think.
so much for the aboriginals.
it is difficult for me to let them alone.
they are marvelously interesting creatures.
for a quarter of a century,now, the several colonial governments have housed their remnants incomfortable stations, and fed them well and taken good care of them inevery way.
if i had found this out while i was in australia i could haveseen some of those people--but i didn't.
i would walk thirty miles tosee a stuffed one.
australia has a slang of its own.
this is a matter of course.
the vastcattle and sheep industries, the strange aspects of the country, and thestrange native animals, brute and human, are matters which wouldnaturally breed a local slang.
i have notes of this slang somewhere, butat the moment i can call to mind only a few of the words and phrases.
they are expressive ones.
the wide, sterile, unpeopled deserts havecreated eloquent phrases like "no man's land" and the "never-nevercountry."
also this felicitous form: "she lives in the never-nevercountry"--that is, she is an old maid.
and this one is not withoutmerit: "heifer-paddock"--young ladies' seminary.
"bail up" and "stickup" equivalent of our highwayman-term to "hold up" a stage-coach or atrain.
"new-chum" is the equivalent of our "tenderfoot"--new arrival.
and then there is the immortal "my word!"
we must import it.
in cold print it is the equivalent of our "ger-rreat caesar!"
but spokenwith the proper australian unction and fervency, it is worth six of itfor grace and charm and expressiveness.
our form is rude and explosive;it is not suited to the drawing-room or the heifer-paddock; but "m-yword!"
is, and is music to the ear, too, when the utterer knows how tosay it.
i saw it in print several times on the pacific ocean, but itstruck me coldly, it aroused no sympathy.
that was because it was thedead corpse of the thing, the soul was not there--the tones werelacking--the informing spirit--the deep feeling--the eloquence.
but thefirst time i heard an australian say it, it was positively thrilling.
we left adelaide in due course, and went to horsham, in the colony ofvictoria; a good deal of a journey, if i remember rightly, but pleasant.
horsham sits in a plain which is as level as a floor--one of those famousdead levels which australian books describe so often; gray, bare, sombre,melancholy, baked, cracked, in the tedious long drouths, but ahorizonless ocean of vivid green grass the day after a rain.
a countrytown, peaceful, reposeful, inviting, full of snug homes, with gardenplots, and plenty of shrubbery and flowers.
"horsham, october 17.at the hotel.
the weather divine.
across the way, in front of thelondon bank of australia, is a very handsome cottonwood.
it is inopulent leaf, and every leaf perfect.
the full power of the on-rushingspring is upon it, and i imagine i can see it grow.
alongside the bankand a little way back in the garden there is a row of soaringfountain-sprays of delicate feathery foliage quivering in the breeze, andmottled with flashes of light that shift and play through the mass likeflash-lights through an opal--a most beautiful tree, and a strikingcontrast to the cottonwood.
every leaf of the cottonwood is distinctlydefined--it is a kodak for faithful, hard, unsentimental detail; theother an impressionist picture, delicious to look upon, full of a subtleand exquisite charm, but all details fused in a swoon of vague and softloveliness."
it turned out, upon inquiry, to be a pepper tree--an importation fromchina.
it has a silky sheen, soft and rich.
i saw some that had longred bunches of currant-like berries ambushed among the foliage.
at adistance, in certain lights, they give the tree a pinkish tint and a newcharm.
there is an agricultural college eight miles from horsham.
we weredriven out to it by its chief.
the conveyance was an open wagon; thetime, noonday; no wind; the sky without a cloud, the sunshine brilliant--and the mercury at 92 deg.
in the shade.
in some countries an indolentunsheltered drive of an hour and a half under such conditions would havebeen a sweltering and prostrating experience; but there was nothing ofthat in this case.
it is a climate that is perfect.
there was no senseof heat; indeed, there was no heat; the air was fine and pure andexhilarating; if the drive had lasted half a day i think we should nothave felt any discomfort, or grown silent or droopy or tired.
of course,the secret of it was the exceeding dryness of the atmosphere.
in thatplain 112 deg.
in the shade is without doubt no harder upon a man than is88 or 90 deg.
in new york.
the road lay through the middle of an empty space which seemed to me tobe a hundred yards wide between the fences.
i was not given the width inyards, but only in chains and perches--and furlongs, i think.
i wouldhave given a good deal to know what the width was, but i did not pursuethe matter.
i think it is best to put up with information the way youget it; and seem satisfied with it, and surprised at it, and grateful forit, and say, "my word!"
and never let on.
it was a wide space; i couldtell you how wide, in chains and perches and furlongs and things, butthat would not help you any.
those things sound well, but they areshadowy and indefinite, like troy weight and avoirdupois; nobody knowswhat they mean.
when you buy a pound of a drug and the man asks youwhich you want, troy or avoirdupois, it is best to say "yes," and shiftthe subject.
they said that the wide space dates from the earliest sheep andcattle-raising days.
people had to drive their stock long distances--immense journeys--from worn-out places to new ones where were waterand fresh pasturage; and this wide space had to be left in grass andunfenced, or the stock would have starved to death in the transit.
on the way we saw the usual birds--the beautiful little green parrots,the magpie, and some others; and also the slender native bird of modestplumage and the eternally-forgettable name--the bird that is the smartestamong birds, and can give a parrot 30 to 1 in the game and then talk himto death.
i cannot recall that bird's name.
i think it begins with m.i wish it began with g. or something that a person can remember.
the magpie was out in great force, in the fields and on the fences.
heis a handsome large creature, with snowy white decorations, and is asinger; he has a murmurous rich note that is lovely.
he was once modest,even diffident; but he lost all that when he found out that he wasaustralia's sole musical bird.
he has talent, and cuteness, andimpudence; and in his tame state he is a most satisfactory pet--nevercoming when he is called, always coming when he isn't, and studyingdisobedience as an accomplishment.
he is not confined, but loafs allover the house and grounds, like the laughing jackass.
i think he learnsto talk, i know he learns to sing tunes, and his friends say that heknows how to steal without learning.
i was acquainted with a tame magpiein melbourne.
he had lived in a lady's house several years, and believedhe owned it.
the lady had tamed him, and in return he had tamed thelady.
he was always on deck when not wanted, always having his own way,always tyrannizing over the dog, and always making the cat's life a slowsorrow and a martyrdom.
he knew a number of tunes and could sing them inperfect time and tune; and would do it, too, at any time that silence waswanted; and then encore himself and do it again; but if he was asked tosing he would go out and take a walk.
it was long believed that fruit trees would not grow in that baked andwaterless plain around horsham, but the agricultural college hasdissipated that idea.
its ample nurseries were producing oranges,apricots, lemons, almonds, peaches, cherries, 48 varieties of apples--infact, all manner of fruits, and in abundance.
the trees did not seem tomiss the water; they were in vigorous and flourishing condition.
experiments are made with different soils, to see what things thrive bestin them and what climates are best for them.
a man who is ignorantlytrying to produce upon his farm things not suited to its soil and itsother conditions can make a journey to the college from anywhere inaustralia, and go back with a change of scheme which will make his farmproductive and profitable.
there were forty pupils there--a few of them farmers, relearning theirtrade, the rest young men mainly from the cities--novices.
it seemed astrange thing that an agricultural college should have an attraction forcity-bred youths, but such is the fact.
they are good stuff, too; theyare above the agricultural average of intelligence, and they come withoutany inherited prejudices in favor of hoary ignorances made sacred by longdescent.
the students work all day in the fields, the nurseries, and theshearing-sheds, learning and doing all the practical work of thebusiness--three days in a week.
on the other three they study and hearlectures.
they are taught the beginnings of such sciences as bear uponagriculture--like chemistry, for instance.
we saw the sophomore class insheep-shearing shear a dozen sheep.
they did it by hand, not with themachine.
the sheep was seized and flung down on his side and held there;and the students took off his coat with great celerity and adroitness.
sometimes they clipped off a sample of the sheep, but that is customarywith shearers, and they don't mind it; they don't even mind it as much asthe sheep.
they dab a splotch of sheep-dip on the place and go rightahead.
the coat of wool was unbelievably thick.
before the shearing the sheeplooked like the fat woman in the circus; after it he looked like a bench.
he was clipped to the skin; and smoothly and uniformly.
the fleece comesfrom him all in one piece and has the spread of a blanket.
the college was flying the australian flag--the gridiron of englandsmuggled up in the northwest corner of a big red field that had therandom stars of the southern cross wandering around over it.
from horsham we went to stawell.
still in the colony ofvictoria.
stawell is in the gold-mining country.
in the bank-safe washalf a peck of surface-gold--gold dust, grain gold; rich; pure in fact,and pleasant to sift through one's fingers; and would be pleasanter if itwould stick.
and there were a couple of gold bricks, very heavy tohandle, and worth $7,500 a piece.
they were from a very valuable quartzmine; a lady owns two-thirds of it; she has an income of $75,000 a monthfrom it, and is able to keep house.
the stawell region is not productive of gold only; it has greatvineyards, and produces exceptionally fine wines.
one of thesevineyards--the great western, owned by mr. irving--is regarded as amodel.
its product has reputation abroad.
it yields a choice champagneand a fine claret, and its hock took a prize in france two or three yearsago.
the champagne is kept in a maze of passages under ground, cut inthe rock, to secure it an even temperature during the three-year termrequired to perfect it.
in those vaults i saw 120,000 bottles ofchampagne.
the colony of victoria has a population of 1,000,000, andthose people are said to drink 25,000,000 bottles of champagne per year.
the dryest community on the earth.
the government has lately reduced theduty upon foreign wines.
that is one of the unkindnesses of protection.
a man invests years of work and a vast sum of money in a worthyenterprise, upon the faith of existing laws; then the law is changed, andthe man is robbed by his own government.
on the way back to stawell we had a chance to see a group of boulderscalled the three sisters--a curiosity oddly located; for it was upon highground, with the land sloping away from it, and no height above it fromwhence the boulders could have rolled down.
relics of an earlyice-drift, perhaps.
they are noble boulders.
one of them has the sizeand smoothness and plump sphericity of a balloon of the biggest pattern.
the road led through a forest of great gum-trees, lean and scraggy andsorrowful.
the road was cream-white--a clayey kind of earth, apparently.
along it toiled occasional freight wagons, drawn by long double files ofoxen.
those wagons were going a journey of two hundred miles, i wastold, and were running a successful opposition to the railway!
therailways are owned and run by the government.
those sad gums stood up out of the dry white clay, pictures of patienceand resignation.
it is a tree that can get along without water; still itis fond of it--ravenously so.
it is a very intelligent tree and willdetect the presence of hidden water at a distance of fifty feet, and sendout slender long root-fibres to prospect it.
they will find it; and willalso get at it even through a cement wall six inches thick.
once acement water-pipe under ground at stawell began to gradually reduce itsoutput, and finally ceased altogether to deliver water.
upon examininginto the matter it was found stopped up, wadded compactly with a mass ofroot-fibres, delicate and hair-like.
how this stuff had gotten into thepipe was a puzzle for some little time; finally it was found that it hadcrept in through a crack that was almost invisible to the eye.
a gumtree forty feet away had tapped the pipe and was drinking the water.
frequently, in australia, one has cloud-effects of an unfamiliar sort.
we had this kind of scenery, finely staged, all the way to ballarat.
consequently we saw more sky than country on that journey.
at one time agreat stretch of the vault was densely flecked with wee ragged-edgedflakes of painfully white cloud-stuff, all of one shape and size, andequidistant apart, with narrow cracks of adorable blue showing between.
the whole was suggestive of a hurricane of snow-flakes drifting acrossthe skies.
by and by these flakes fused themselves together ininterminable lines, with shady faint hollows between the lines, the longsatin-surfaced rollers following each other in simulated movement, andenchantingly counterfeiting the majestic march of a flowing sea.
later,the sea solidified itself; then gradually broke up its mass intoinnumerable lofty white pillars of about one size, and ranged theseacross the firmament, in receding and fading perspective, in thesimilitude of a stupendous colonnade--a mirage without a doubt flung fromthe far gates of the hereafter.
the approaches to ballarat were beautiful.
the features, great greenexpanses of rolling pasture-land, bisected by eye-contenting hedges ofcommingled new-gold and old-gold gorse--and a lovely lake.
one must putin the pause, there, to fetch the reader up with a slight jolt, and keephim from gliding by without noticing the lake.
one must notice it; for alovely lake is not as common a thing along the railways of australia asare the dry places.
ninety-two in the shade again, but balmy andcomfortable, fresh and bracing.
a perfect climate.
forty-five years ago the site now occupied by the city of ballarat was asylvan solitude as quiet as eden and as lovely.
nobody had ever heard ofit.
on the 25th of august, 1851, the first great gold-strike made inaustralia was made here.
the wandering prospectors who made it scrapedup two pounds and a half of gold the first day-worth $600.
a few dayslater the place was a hive--a town.
the news of the strike spreadeverywhere in a sort of instantaneous way--spread like a flash to thevery ends of the earth.
a celebrity so prompt and so universal hashardly been paralleled in history, perhaps.
it was as if the nameballarat had suddenly been written on the sky, where all the world couldread it at once.
the smaller discoveries made in the colony of new south wales threemonths before had already started emigrants toward australia; they hadbeen coming as a stream, but they came as a flood, now.
a hundredthousand people poured into melbourne from england and other countries ina single month, and flocked away to the mines.
the crews of the shipsthat brought them flocked with them; the clerks in the government officesfollowed; so did the cooks, the maids, the coachmen, the butlers, and theother domestic servants; so did the carpenters, the smiths, the plumbers,the painters, the reporters, the editors, the lawyers, the clients, thebarkeepers, the bummers, the blacklegs, the thieves, the loose women, thegrocers, the butchers, the bakers, the doctors, the druggists, thenurses; so did the police; even officials of high and hitherto enviedplace threw up their positions and joined the procession.
this roaringavalanche swept out of melbourne and left it desolate, sunday-like,paralyzed, everything at a stand-still, the ships lying idle at anchor,all signs of life departed, all sounds stilled save the rasping of thecloud-shadows as they scraped across the vacant streets.
that grassy and leafy paradise at ballarat was soon ripped open, andlacerated and scarified and gutted, in the feverish search for its hiddenriches.
there is nothing like surface-mining to snatch the graces andbeauties and benignities out of a paradise, and make an odious andrepulsive spectacle of it.
what fortunes were made!
immigrants got rich while the ship unloaded andreloaded--and went back home for good in the same cabin they had come outin!
not all of them.
i saw the others in ballarat myself,forty-five years later--what were left of them by time and death and thedisposition to rove.
they were young and gay, then; they are patriarchaland grave, now; and they do not get excited any more.
they talk of thepast.
they live in it.
their life is a dream, a retrospection.
ballarat was a great region for "nuggets."
no such nuggets were found incalifornia as ballarat produced.
in fact, the ballarat region hasyielded the largest ones known to history.
two of them weighed about 180pounds each, and together were worth $90,000.
they were offered to anypoor person who would shoulder them and carry them away.
gold was soplentiful that it made people liberal like that.
ballarat was a swarming city of tents in the early days.
everybody washappy, for a time, and apparently prosperous.
then came trouble.
thegovernment swooped down with a mining tax.
and in its worst form, too;for it was not a tax upon what the miner had taken out, but upon what hewas going to take out--if he could find it.
it was a license tax--licenseto work his claim--and it had to be paid before he could begin digging.
consider the situation.
no business is so uncertain as surface-mining.
your claim may be good, and it may be worthless.
it may make you welloff in a month; and then again you may have to dig and slave for half ayear, at heavy expense, only to find out at last that the gold is notthere in cost-paying quantity, and that your time and your hard work havebeen thrown away.
it might be wise policy to advance the miner a monthlysum to encourage him to develop the country's riches; but to tax himmonthly in advance instead--why, such a thing was never dreamed of inamerica.
there, neither the claim itself nor its products, howsoeverrich or poor, were taxed.
the ballarat miners protested, petitioned, complained--it was of no use;the government held its ground, and went on collecting the tax.
and notby pleasant methods, but by ways which must have been very galling tofree people.
the rumblings of a coming storm began to be audible.
by and by there was a result; and i think it may be called the finestthing in australasian history.
it was a revolution--small in size; butgreat politically; it was a strike for liberty, a struggle for aprinciple, a stand against injustice and oppression.
it was the baronsand john, over again; it was hampden and ship-money; it was concord andlexington; small beginnings, all of them, but all of them great inpolitical results, all of them epoch-making.
it is another instance of avictory won by a lost battle.
it adds an honorable page to history; thepeople know it and are proud of it.
they keep green the memory of themen who fell at the eureka stockade, and peter lalor has his monument.
the surface-soil of ballarat was full of gold.
this soil the minersripped and tore and trenched and harried and disembowled, and made ityield up its immense treasure.
then they went down into the earth withdeep shafts, seeking the gravelly beds of ancient rivers and brooks--andfound them.
they followed the courses of these streams, and gutted them,sending the gravel up in buckets to the upper world, and washing out ofit its enormous deposits of gold.
the next biggest of the two monsternuggets mentioned above came from an old river-channel 180 feet underground.
finally the quartz lodes were attacked.
that is not poor-man's mining.
quartz-mining and milling require capital, and staying-power, andpatience.
big companies were formed, and for several decades, now, thelodes have been successfully worked, and have yielded great wealth.
since the gold discovery in 1853 the ballarat mines--taking the threekinds of mining together--have contributed to the world's pocketsomething over three hundred millions of dollars, which is to say thatthis nearly invisible little spot on the earth's surface has yieldedabout one-fourth as much gold in forty-four years as all california hasyielded in forty-seven.
the californian aggregate, from 1848 to 1895,inclusive, as reported by the statistician of the united states mint, is$1,265,217,217.
a citizen told me a curious thing about those mines.
with all myexperience of mining i had never heard of anything of the sort before.
the main gold reef runs about north and south--of course--for that is thecustom of a rich gold reef.
at ballarat its course is between walls ofslate.
now the citizen told me that throughout a stretch of twelve milesalong the reef, the reef is crossed at intervals by a straight blackstreak of a carbonaceous nature--a streak in the slate; a streak nothicker than a pencil--and that wherever it crosses the reef you willcertainly find gold at the junction.
it is called the indicator.
thirtyfeet on each side of the indicator (and down in the slate, of course) isa still finer streak--a streak as fine as a pencil mark; and indeed, thatis its name pencil mark.
whenever you find the pencil mark you know thatthirty feet from it is the indicator; you measure the distance, excavate,find the indicator, trace it straight to the reef, and sink your shaft;your fortune is made, for certain.
if that is true, it is curious.
andit is curious anyway.
ballarat is a town of only 40,000 population; and yet, since it is inaustralia, it has every essential of an advanced and enlightened bigcity.
this is pure matter of course.
i must stop dwelling upon thesethings.
it is hard to keep from dwelling upon them, though; for it isdifficult to get away from the surprise of it.
i will let the otherdetails go, this time, but i must allow myself to mention that thislittle town has a park of 326 acres; a flower garden of 83 acres, with anelaborate and expensive fernery in it and some costly and unusually finestatuary; and an artificial lake covering 600 acres, equipped with afleet of 200 shells, small sail boats, and little steam yachts.
at this point i strike out some other praiseful things which i wastempted to add.
i do not strike them out because they were not true ornot well said, but because i find them better said by another man--and aman more competent to testify, too, because he belongs on the ground, andknows.
i clip them from a chatty speech delivered some years ago by mr.william little, who was at that time mayor of ballarat:     "the language of our citizens, in this as in other parts of     australasia, is mostly healthy anglo-saxon, free from americanisms,     vulgarisms, and the conflicting dialects of our fatherland, and is     pure enough to suit a trench or a latham.
our youth, aided by     climatic influence, are in point of physique and comeliness     unsurpassed in the sunny south.
our young men are well ordered; and     our maidens, 'not stepping over the bounds of modesty,' are as fair     as psyches, dispensing smiles as charming as november flowers."
the closing clause has the seeming of a rather frosty compliment, butthat is apparent only, not real.
november is summer-time there.
his compliment to the local purity of the language is warranted.
it isquite free from impurities; this is acknowledged far and wide.
as in thegerman empire all cultivated people claim to speak hanovarian german, soin australasia all cultivated people claim to speak ballarat english.
even in england this cult has made considerable progress, and now that itis favored by the two great universities, the time is not far away whenballarat english will come into general use among the educated classes ofgreat britain at large.
its great merit is, that it is shorter thanordinary english--that is, it is more compressed.
at first you have somedifficulty in understanding it when it is spoken as rapidly as the oratorwhom i have quoted speaks it.
an illustration will show what i mean.
when he called and i handed him a chair, he bowed and said:"q."
presently, when we were lighting our cigars, he held a match to mine andi said:"thank you," and he said:"km."
then i saw.
'q' is the end of the phrase "i thank you" 'km'  is the endof the phrase "you are welcome."
mr. little puts no emphasis upon eitherof them, but delivers them so reduced that they hardly have a sound.
allballarat english is like that, and the effect is very soft and pleasant;it takes all the hardness and harshness out of our tongue and gives to ita delicate whispery and vanishing cadence which charms the ear like thefaint rustling of the forest leaves.
on the rail again--bound for bendigo.
from diary:october 23.  got up at 6, left at 7.30; soon reached castlemaine, one ofthe rich gold-fields of the early days; waited several hours for a train;left at 3.40 and reached bendigo in an hour.
for comrade, a catholicpriest who was better than i was, but didn't seem to know it--a man fullof graces of the heart, the mind, and the spirit; a lovable man.
he will be a bishop some day.
later an archbishop.
finally an archangel, i hope.
and then he will recall me wheni say, "do you remember that trip we made from ballarat to bendigo, whenyou were nothing but father c., and i was nothing to what i am now?"
it has actually taken nine hours to come from ballarat to bendigo.
wecould have saved seven by walking.
however, there was no hurry.
bendigo was another of the rich strikes of the early days.
it does agreat quartz-mining business, now--that business which, more than anyother that i know of, teaches patience, and requires grit and a steadynerve.
the town is full of towering chimney-stacks, and hoisting-works,and looks like a petroleum-city.
speaking of patience; for example, oneof the local companies went steadily on with its deep borings andsearchings without show of gold or a penny of reward for eleven years--then struck it, and became suddenly rich.
the eleven years' work hadcost $55,000, and the first gold found was a grain the size of a pin'shead.
it is kept under locks and bars, as a precious thing, and isreverently shown to the visitor, "hats off."
when i saw it i had notheard its history.
"it is gold.
examine it--take the glass.
now how much should you say itis worth?"
i said:"i should say about two cents; or in your english dialect, fourfarthings."
"well, it cost l11,000."
"yes, it did.
ballarat and bendigo have produced the three monumentalnuggets of the world, and this one is the monumentalest one of the three.
the other two represent l9,000 a piece; this one a couple of thousandmore.
it is small, and not much to look at, but it is entitled to (its)name--adam.
it is the adam-nugget of this mine, and its children run upinto the millions."
speaking of patience again, another of the mines was worked, under heavyexpenses, during 17 years before pay was struck, and still another onecompelled a wait of 21 years before pay was struck; then, in bothinstances, the outlay was all back in a year or two, with compoundinterest.
bendigo has turned out even more gold than ballarat.
the two togetherhave produced $650,000,000 worth--which is half as much as californiaproduced.
it was through mr. blank--not to go into particulars about his name--itwas mainly through mr. blank that my stay in bendigo was made memorablypleasant and interesting.
he explained this to me himself.
he told methat it was through his influence that the city government invited me tothe town-hall to hear complimentary speeches and respond to them; that itwas through his influence that i had been taken on a long pleasure-drivethrough the city and shown its notable features; that it was through hisinfluence that i was invited to visit the great mines; that it wasthrough his influence that i was taken to the hospital and allowed to seethe convalescent chinaman who had been attacked at midnight in his lonelyhut eight weeks before by robbers, and stabbed forty-six times andscalped besides; that it was through his influence that when i arrivedthis awful spectacle of piecings and patchings and bandagings was sittingup in his cot letting on to read one of my books; that it was through hisinfluence that efforts had been made to get the catholic archbishop ofbendigo to invite me to dinner; that it was through his influence thatefforts had been made to get the anglican bishop of bendigo to ask me tosupper; that it was through his influence that the dean of the editorialfraternity had driven me through the woodsy outlying country and shownme, from the summit of lone tree hill, the mightiest and loveliestexpanse of forest-clad mountain and valley that i had seen in allaustralia.
and when he asked me what had most impressed me in bendigoand i answered and said it was the taste and the public spirit which hadadorned the streets with 105 miles of shade trees, he said that it wasthrough his influence that it had been done.
but i am not representing him quite correctly.
he did not say it wasthrough his influence that all these things had happened--for that wouldhave been coarse; he merely conveyed that idea; conveyed it so subtlythat i only caught it fleetingly, as one catches vagrant faint breaths ofperfume when one traverses the meadows in summer; conveyed it withoutoffense and without any suggestion of egoism or ostentation--but conveyedit, nevertheless.
he was an irishman; an educated gentleman; grave, and kindly, andcourteous; a bachelor, and about forty-five or possibly fifty years old,apparently.
he called upon me at the hotel, and it was there that we hadthis talk.
he made me like him, and did it without trouble.
this waspartly through his winning and gentle ways, but mainly through theamazing familiarity with my books which his conversation showed.
he wasdown to date with them, too; and if he had made them the study of hislife he could hardly have been better posted as to their contents than hewas.
he made me better satisfied with myself than i had ever beenbefore.
it was plain that he had a deep fondness for humor, yet he neverlaughed; he never even chuckled; in fact, humor could not win to outwardexpression on his face at all.
no, he was always grave--tenderly,pensively grave; but he made me laugh, all along; and this was verytrying--and very pleasant at the same time--for it was at quotations frommy own books.
when he was going, he turned and said:"you don't remember me?"
have we met before?"
"no, it was a matter of correspondence."
"yes, many years ago.
twelve or fifteen.
oh, longer than that.
but ofcourse you----"  a musing pause.
then he said:"do you remember corrigan castle?"
"n-no, i believe i don't.
i don't seem to recall the name."
he waited a moment, pondering, with the door-knob in his hand, thenstarted out; but turned back and said that i had once been interested incorrigan castle, and asked me if i would go with him to his quarters inthe evening and take a hot scotch and talk it over.
i was a teetotalerand liked relaxation, so i said i would.
we drove from the lecture-hall together about half-past ten.
he had amost comfortably and tastefully furnished parlor, with good pictures onthe walls, indian and japanese ornaments on the mantel, and here andthere, and books everywhere-largely mine; which made me proud.
the lightwas brilliant, the easy chairs were deep-cushioned, the arrangements forbrewing and smoking were all there.
we brewed and lit up; then he passeda sheet of note-paper to me and said--"do you remember that?"
"oh, yes, indeed!"
the paper was of a sumptuous quality.
at the top was a twisted andinterlaced monogram printed from steel dies in gold and blue and red, inthe ornate english fashion of long years ago; and under it, in neatgothic capitals was this--printed in blue:                          the mark twain club                            corrigan castle                           ............187..
said i, "how did you come by this?"
"i was president of it."
"no!--you don't mean it."
"it is true.
i was its first president.
i was re-elected annually aslong as its meetings were held in my castle--corrigan--which was fiveyears."
then he showed me an album with twenty-three photographs of me in it.
five of them were of old dates, the others of various later crops; thelist closed with a picture taken by falk in sydney a month before.
"you sent us the first five; the rest were bought."
this was paradise!
we ran late, and talked, talked, talked--subject, themark twain club of corrigan castle, ireland.
my first knowledge of that club dates away back; all of twenty years, ishould say.
it came to me in the form of a courteous letter, written onthe note-paper which i have described, and signed "by order of thepresident; c. pembroke, secretary."
it conveyed the fact that the clubhad been created in my honor, and added the hope that this token ofappreciation of my work would meet with my approval.
i answered, with thanks; and did what i could to keep my gratificationfrom over-exposure.
it was then that the long correspondence began.
a letter came back, byorder of the president, furnishing me the names of the members-thirty-twoin number.
with it came a copy of the constitution and by-laws, inpamphlet form, and artistically printed.
the initiation fee and dueswere in their proper place; also, schedule of meetings--monthly--foressays upon works of mine, followed by discussions; quarterly forbusiness and a supper, without essays, but with after-supper speeches;also there was a list of the officers: president, vice-president,secretary, treasurer, etc.
the letter was brief, but it was pleasantreading, for it told me about the strong interest which the membershiptook in their new venture, etc., etc.
it also asked me for a photograph--a special one.
i went down and sat for it and sent it--with a letter,of course.
presently came the badge of the club, and very dainty and pretty it was;and very artistic.
it was a frog peeping out from a graceful tangle ofgrass-sprays and rushes, and was done in enamels on a gold basis, and hada gold pin back of it.
after i had petted it, and played with it, andcaressed it, and enjoyed it a couple of hours, the light happened to fallupon it at a new angle, and revealed to me a cunning new detail; with thelight just right, certain delicate shadings of the grass-blades andrush-stems wove themselves into a monogram--mine!
you can see that thatjewel was a work of art.
and when you come to consider the intrinsicvalue of it, you must concede that it is not every literary club thatcould afford a badge like that.
it was easily worth $75, in the opinionof messrs. marcus and ward of new york.
they said they could notduplicate it for that and make a profit.
by this time the club was wellunder way; and from that time forth its secretary kept my off-hours wellsupplied with business.
he reported the club's discussions of my bookswith laborious fullness, and did his work with great spirit and ability.
as a, rule, he synopsized; but when a speech was especially brilliant, heshort-handed it and gave me the best passages from it, written out.
there were five speakers whom he particularly favored in that way:palmer, forbes, naylor, norris, and calder.
palmer and forbes couldnever get through a speech without attacking each other, and each in hisown way was formidably effective--palmer in virile and eloquent abuse,forbes in courtly and elegant but scalding satire.
i could always tellwhich of them was talking without looking for his name.
naylor had apolished style and a happy knack at felicitous metaphor; norris's stylewas wholly without ornament, but enviably compact, lucid, and strong.
but after all, calder was the gem.
he never spoke when sober, he spokecontinuously when he wasn't.
and certainly they were the drunkestspeeches that a man ever uttered.
they were full of good things, but soincredibly mixed up and wandering that it made one's head swim to followhim.
they were not intended to be funny, but they were,--funny for thevery gravity which the speaker put into his flowing miracles ofincongruity.
in the course of five years i came to know the styles ofthe five orators as well as i knew the style of any speaker in my ownclub at home.
these reports came every month.
they were written on foolscap, 600 wordsto the page, and usually about twenty-five pages in a report--a good15,000 words, i should say,--a solid week's work.
the reports wereabsorbingly entertaining, long as they were; but, unfortunately for me,they did not come alone.
they were always accompanied by a lot ofquestions about passages and purposes in my books, which the club wantedanswered; and additionally accompanied every quarter by the treasurer'sreport, and the auditor's report, and the committee's report, and thepresident's review, and my opinion of these was always desired; alsosuggestions for the good of the club, if any occurred to me.
by and by i came to dread those things; and this dread grew and grew andgrew; grew until i got to anticipating them with a cold horror.
for iwas an indolent man, and not fond of letter-writing, and whenever thesethings came i had to put everything by and sit down--for my own peace ofmind--and dig and dig until i got something out of my head which wouldanswer for a reply.
i got along fairly well the first year; but for thesucceeding four years the mark twain club of corrigan castle was mycurse, my nightmare, the grief and misery of my life.
and i got so, sosick of sitting for photographs.
i sat every year for five years, tryingto satisfy that insatiable organization.
then at last i rose in revolt.
i could endure my oppressions no longer.
i pulled my fortitude togetherand tore off my chains, and was a free man again, and happy.
from thatday i burned the secretary's fat envelopes the moment they arrived, andby and by they ceased to come.
well, in the sociable frankness of that night in bendigo i brought thisall out in full confession.
then mr. blank came out in the same frankway, and with a preliminary word of gentle apology said that he was themark twain club, and the only member it had ever had!
why, it was matter for anger, but i didn't feel any.
he said he neverhad to work for a living, and that by the time he was thirty life hadbecome a bore and a weariness to him.
he had no interests left; they hadpaled and perished, one by one, and left him desolate.
he had begun tothink of suicide.
then all of a sudden he thought of that happy idea ofstarting an imaginary club, and went straightway to work at it, withenthusiasm and love.
he was charmed with it; it gave him something todo.
it elaborated itself on his hands;--it became twenty times morecomplex and formidable than was his first rude draft of it.
every newaddition to his original plan which cropped up in his mind gave him afresh interest and a new pleasure.
he designed the club badge himself,and worked over it, altering and improving it, a number of days andnights; then sent to london and had it made.
it was the only one thatwas made.
it was made for me; the "rest of the club" went without.
he invented the thirty-two members and their names.
he invented the fivefavorite speakers and their five separate styles.
he invented theirspeeches, and reported them himself.
he would have kept that club goinguntil now, if i hadn't deserted, he said.
he said he worked like a slaveover those reports; each of them cost him from a week to a fortnight'swork, and the work gave him pleasure and kept him alive and willing to bealive.
it was a bitter blow to him when the club died.
finally, there wasn't any corrigan castle.
he had invented that, too.
it was wonderful--the whole thing; and altogether the most ingenious andlaborious and cheerful and painstaking practical joke i have ever heardof.
and i liked it; liked to hear him tell about it; yet i have been ahater of practical jokes from as long back as i can remember.
finally hesaid--"do you remember a note from melbourne fourteen or fifteen years ago,telling about your lecture tour in australia, and your death and burialin melbourne?--a note from henry bascomb, of bascomb hall, upperholywell, hants."
"i wrote it."
"yes, i did it.
i don't know why.
i just took the notion, and carriedit out without stopping to think.
it was wrong.
it could have doneharm.
i was always sorry about it afterward.
you must forgive me.
iwas mr. bascom's guest on his yacht, on his voyage around the world.
heoften spoke of you, and of the pleasant times you had had together in hishome; and the notion took me, there in melbourne, and i imitated hishand, and wrote the letter."
so the mystery was cleared up, after so many, many years.
after visits to maryborough and some other australian towns, we presentlytook passage for new zealand.
if it would not look too much like showingoff, i would tell the reader where new zealand is; for he is as i was; hethinks he knows.
and he thinks he knows where hertzegovina is; and howto pronounce pariah; and how to use the word unique without exposinghimself to the derision of the dictionary.
but in truth, he knows noneof these things.
there are but four or five people in the world whopossess this knowledge, and these make their living out of it.
theytravel from place to place, visiting literary assemblages, geographicalsocieties, and seats of learning, and springing sudden bets that thesepeople do not know these things.
since all people think they know them,they are an easy prey to these adventurers.
or rather they were an easyprey until the law interfered, three months ago, and a new york courtdecided that this kind of gambling is illegal, "because it traversesarticle iv, section 9, of the constitution of the united states, whichforbids betting on a sure thing."
this decision was rendered by the fullbench of the new york supreme court, after a test sprung upon the courtby counsel for the prosecution, which showed that none of the nine judgeswas able to answer any of the four questions.
all people think that new zealand is close to australia or asia, orsomewhere, and that you cross to it on a bridge.
but that is not so.
itis not close to anything, but lies by itself, out in the water.
it isnearest to australia, but still not near.
the gap between is very wide.
it will be a surprise to the reader, as it was to me, to learn that thedistance from australia to new zealand is really twelve or thirteenhundred miles, and that there is no bridge.
i learned this fromprofessor x., of yale university, whom i met in the steamer on the greatlakes when i was crossing the continent to sail across the pacific.
iasked him about new zealand, in order to make conversation.
i supposedhe would generalize a little without compromising himself, and then turnthe subject to something he was acquainted with, and my object would thenbe attained; the ice would be broken, and we could go smoothly on, andget acquainted, and have a pleasant time.
but, to my surprise, he wasnot only not embarrassed by my question, but seemed to welcome it, and totake a distinct interest in it.
he began to talk--fluently, confidently,comfortably; and as he talked, my admiration grew and grew; for as thesubject developed under his hands, i saw that he not only knew where newzealand was, but that he was minutely familiar with every detail of itshistory, politics, religions, and commerce, its fauna, flora, geology,products, and climatic peculiarities.
when he was done, i was lost inwonder and admiration, and said to myself, he knows everything; in thedomain of human knowledge he is king.
i wanted to see him do more miracles; and so, just for the pleasure ofhearing him answer, i asked him about hertzegovina, and pariah, andunique.
but he began to generalize then, and show distress.
i saw thatwith new zealand gone, he was a samson shorn of his locks; he was asother men.
this was a curious and interesting mystery, and i was frankwith him, and asked him to explain it.
he tried to avoid it at first; but then laughed and said that after all,the matter was not worth concealment, so he would let me into the secret.
in substance, this is his story:"last autumn i was at work one morning at home, when a card came up--thecard of a stranger.
under the name was printed a line which showed thatthis visitor was professor of theological engineering in wellingtonuniversity, new zealand.
i was troubled--troubled, i mean, by theshortness of the notice.
college etiquette required that he be at onceinvited to dinner by some member of the faculty--invited to dine on thatday--not, put off till a subsequent day.
i did not quite know what todo.
college etiquette requires, in the case of a foreign guest, that thedinner-talk shall begin with complimentary references to his country, itsgreat men, its services to civilization, its seats of learning, andthings like that; and of course the host is responsible, and must eitherbegin this talk himself or see that it is done by some one else.
i wasin great difficulty; and the more i searched my memory, the more mytrouble grew.
i found that i knew nothing about new zealand.
i thoughti knew where it was, and that was all.
i had an impression that it wasclose to australia, or asia, or somewhere, and that one went over to iton a bridge.
this might turn out to be incorrect; and even if correct,it would not furnish matter enough for the purpose at the dinner, and ishould expose my college to shame before my guest; he would see that i, amember of the faculty of the first university in america, was whollyignorant of his country, and he would go away and tell this, and laugh atit.
the thought of it made my face burn.
"i sent for my wife and told her how i was situated, and asked for herhelp, and she thought of a thing which i might have thought of myself, ifi had not been excited and worried.
she said she would go and tell thevisitor that i was out but would be in in a few minutes; and she wouldtalk, and keep him busy while i got out the back way and hurried over andmake professor lawson give the dinner.
for lawson knew everything, andcould meet the guest in a creditable way and save the reputation of theuniversity.
i ran to lawson, but was disappointed.
he did not knowanything about new zealand.
he said that, as far as his recollectionwent it was close to australia, or asia, or somewhere, and you go over toit on a bridge; but that was all he knew.
it was too bad.
lawson was aperfect encyclopedia of abstruse learning; but now in this hour of ourneed, it turned out that he did not know any useful thing.
he saw that the reputation of the university was in veryreal peril, and he walked the floor in anxiety, talking, and trying tothink out some way to meet the difficulty.
presently he decided that wemust try the rest of the faculty--some of them might know about newzealand.
so we went to the telephone and called up the professor ofastronomy and asked him, and he said that all he knew was, that it wasclose to australia, or asia, or somewhere, and you went over to it on----"we shut him off and called up the professor of biology, and he said thatall he knew was that it was close to aus----.
"we shut him off, and sat down, worried and disheartened, to see if wecould think up some other scheme.
we shortly hit upon one which promisedwell, and this one we adopted, and set its machinery going at once.
lawson must give the dinner.
the faculty must be notified bytelephone to prepare.
we must all get to work diligently, and at the endof eight hours and a half we must come to dinner acquainted with newzealand; at least well enough informed to appear without discredit beforethis native.
to seem properly intelligent we should have to know aboutnew zealand's population, and politics, and form of government, andcommerce, and taxes, and products, and ancient history, and modernhistory, and varieties of religion, and nature of the laws, and theircodification, and amount of revenue, and whence drawn, and methods ofcollection, and percentage of loss, and character of climate, and--well,a lot of things like that; we must suck the maps and cyclopedias dry.
and while we posted up in this way, the faculty's wives must flock over,one after the other, in a studiedly casual way, and help my wife keep thenew zealander quiet, and not let him get out and come interfering withour studies.
the scheme worked admirably; but it stopped business,stopped it entirely.
"it is in the official log-book of yale, to be read and wondered at byfuture generations--the account of the great blank day--the memorableblank day--the day wherein the wheels of culture were stopped, a sundaysilence prevailed all about, and the whole university stood still whilethe faculty read-up and qualified itself to sit at meat, without shame,in the presence of the professor of theological engineering from newzealand:"when we assembled at the dinner we were miserably tired and worn--but wewere posted.
yes, it is fair to claim that.
in fact, erudition is apale name for it.
new zealand was the only subject; and it was justbeautiful to hear us ripple it out.
and with such an air ofunembarrassed ease, and unostentatious familiarity with detail, andtrained and seasoned mastery of the subject-and oh, the grace and fluencyof it!
"well, finally somebody happened to notice that the guest was lookingdazed, and wasn't saying anything.
so they stirred him up, of course.
then that man came out with a good, honest, eloquent compliment that madethe faculty blush.
he said he was not worthy to sit in the company ofmen like these; that he had been silent from admiration; that he had beensilent from another cause also--silent from shame--silent from ignorance!
'for,' said he, 'i, who have lived eighteen years in new zealand and haveserved five in a professorship, and ought to know much about thatcountry, perceive, now, that i know almost nothing about it.
i say itwith shame, that i have learned fifty times, yes, a hundred times moreabout new zealand in these two hours at this table than i ever knewbefore in all the eighteen years put together.
i was silent because icould not help myself.
what i knew about taxes, and policies, and laws,and revenue, and products, and history, and all that multitude of things,was but general, and ordinary, and vague-unscientific, in a word--and itwould have been insanity to expose it here to the searching glare of youramazingly accurate and all-comprehensive knowledge of those matters,gentlemen.
i beg you to let me sit silent--as becomes me.
but do notchange the subject; i can at least follow you, in this one; whereas ifyou change to one which shall call out the full strength of your mightyerudition, i shall be as one lost.
if you know all this about a remotelittle inconsequent patch like new zealand, ah, what wouldn't you knowabout any other subject!'"
the universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession, whatthere is of it.
--pudd'nhead wilson's new calendar.
from diary:november 1--noon.
a fine day, a brilliant sun.
warm in the sun, coldin the shade--an icy breeze blowing out of the south.
a solemn longswell rolling up northward.
it comes from the south pole, with nothingin the way to obstruct its march and tone its energy down.
i have readsomewhere that an acute observer among the early explorers--cook?
ortasman?--accepted this majestic swell as trustworthy circumstantialevidence that no important land lay to the southward, and so did notwaste time on a useless quest in that direction, but changed his courseand went searching elsewhere.
passing between tasmania (formerly van diemen's land) andneighboring islands--islands whence the poor exiled tasmanian savagesused to gaze at their lost homeland and cry; and die of broken hearts.
how glad i am that all these native races are dead and gone, or nearlyso.
the work was mercifully swift and horrible in some portions ofaustralia.
as far as tasmania is concerned, the extermination wascomplete: not a native is left.
it was a strife of years, and decades ofyears.
the whites and the blacks hunted each other, ambushed each other,butchered each other.
the blacks were not numerous.
but they were wary,alert, cunning, and they knew their country well.
they lasted a longtime, few as they were, and inflicted much slaughter upon the whites.
the government wanted to save the blacks from ultimate extermination, ifpossible.
one of its schemes was to capture them and coop them up, on aneighboring island, under guard.
bodies of whites volunteered for thehunt, for the pay was good--l5 for each black captured and delivered, butthe success achieved was not very satisfactory.
the black was naked, andhis body was greased.
it was hard to get a grip on him that would hold.
the whites moved about in armed bodies, and surprised little families ofnatives, and did make captures; but it was suspected that in thesesurprises half a dozen natives were killed to one caught--and that wasnot what the government desired.
another scheme was to drive the natives into a corner of the island andfence them in by a cordon of men placed in line across the country; butthe natives managed to slip through, constantly, and continue theirmurders and arsons.
the governor warned these unlettered savages by printed proclamation thatthey must stay in the desolate region officially appointed for them!
theproclamation was a dead letter; the savages could not read it.
afterwarda picture-proclamation was issued.
it was painted up on boards, andthese were nailed to trees in the forest.
herewith is a photographicreproduction of this fashion-plate.
substantially it means:1.  the governor wishes the whites and the blacks to love each other;2.  he loves his black subjects;3.  blacks who kill whites will be hanged;4.  whites who kill blacks will be hanged.
upon its several schemes the government spent l30,000 and employed thelabors and ingenuities of several thousand whites for a long time withfailure as a result.
then, at last, a quarter of a century after thebeginning of the troubles between the two races, the right man was found.
no, he found himself.
this was george augustus robinson, called inhistory "the conciliator."
he was not educated, and not conspicuous inany way.
he was a working bricklayer, in hobart town.
but he must havebeen an amazing personality; a man worth traveling far to see.
it may behis counterpart appears in history, but i do not know where to look forit.
he set himself this incredible task: to go out into the wilderness, thejungle, and the mountain-retreats where the hunted and implacable savageswere hidden, and appear among them unarmed, speak the language of loveand of kindness to them, and persuade them to forsake their homes and thewild free life that was so dear to them, and go with him and surrender tothe hated whites and live under their watch and ward, and upon theircharity the rest of their lives!
on its face it was the dream of amadman.
in the beginning, his moral-suasion project was sarcastically dubbed thesugar plum speculation.
if the scheme was striking, and new to theworld's experience, the situation was not less so.
it was this.
thewhite population numbered 40,000 in 1831; the black population numberedthree hundred.
not 300 warriors, but 300 men, women, and children.
thewhites were armed with guns, the blacks with clubs and spears.
thewhites had fought the blacks for a quarter of a century, and had triedevery thinkable way to capture, kill, or subdue them; and could not doit.
if white men of any race could have done it, these would haveaccomplished it.
but every scheme had failed, the splendid 300, thematchless 300 were unconquered, and manifestly unconquerable.
they wouldnot yield, they would listen to no terms, they would fight to the bitterend.
yet they had no poet to keep up their heart, and sing the marvel oftheir magnificent patriotism.
at the end of five-and-twenty years of hard fighting, the surviving 300naked patriots were still defiant, still persistent, still efficaciouswith their rude weapons, and the gove7rnor and the 40,000 knew not whichway to turn, nor what to do.
then the bricklayer--that wonderful man--proposed to go out into thewilderness, with no weapon but his tongue, and no protection but hishonest eye and his humane heart; and track those embittered savages totheir lairs in the gloomy forests and among the mountain snows.
naturally, he was considered a crank.
but he was not quite that.
infact, he was a good way short of that.
he was building upon his long andintimate knowledge of the native character.
the deriders of his projectwere right--from their standpoint--for they believed the natives to bemere wild beasts; and robinson was right, from his standpoint--for hebelieved the natives to be human beings.
the truth did really liebetween the two.
the event proved that robinson's judgment was soundest;but about once a month for four years the event came near to giving theverdict to the deriders, for about that frequently robinson barelyescaped falling under the native spears.
but history shows that he had a thinking head, and was not a mere wildsentimentalist.
for instance, he wanted the war parties called inbefore he started unarmed upon his mission of peace.
he wanted the bestchance of success--not a half-chance.
and he was very willing to havehelp; and so, high rewards were advertised, for any who would go unarmedwith him.
this opportunity was declined.
robinson persuaded some tamednatives of both sexes to go with him--a strong evidence of his persuasivepowers, for those natives well knew that their destruction would bealmost certain.
as it turned out, they had to face death over and overagain.
robinson and his little party had a difficult undertaking upon theirhands.
they could not ride off, horseback, comfortably into the woodsand call leonidas and his 300 together for a talk and a treaty thefollowing day; for the wild men were not in a body; they were scattered,immense distances apart, over regions so desolate that even the birdscould not make a living with the chances offered--scattered in groups oftwenty, a dozen, half a dozen, even in groups of three.
and the missionmust go on foot.
mr. bonwick furnishes a description of those horribleregions, whereby it will be seen that even fugitive gangs of the hardiestand choicest human devils the world has seen--the convicts set apart topeople the "hell of macquarrie harbor station"--were never able, butonce, to survive the horrors of a march through them, but starving andstruggling, and fainting and failing, ate each other, and died:"onward, still onward, was the order of the indomitable robinson.
no oneignorant of the western country of tasmania can form a correct idea ofthe traveling difficulties.
while i was resident in hobart town, thegovernor, sir john franklin, and his lady, undertook the western journeyto macquarrie harbor, and suffered terribly.
one man who assisted tocarry her ladyship through the swamps, gave me his bitter experience ofits miseries.
several were disabled for life.
no wonder that but oneparty, escaping from macquarrie harbor convict settlement, arrived at thecivilized region in safety.
men perished in the scrub, were lost insnow, or were devoured by their companions.
this was the territorytraversed by mr. robinson and his black guides.
all honor to hisintrepidity, and their wonderful fidelity!
when they had, in the depthof winter, to cross deep and rapid rivers, pass among mountains sixthousand feet high, pierce dangerous thickets, and find food in a countryforsaken even by birds, we can realize their hardships.
"after a frightful journey by cradle mountain, and over the lofty plateauof middlesex plains, the travelers experienced unwonted misery, and thecircumstances called forth the best qualities of the noble little band.
mr. robinson wrote afterwards to mr. secretary burnett some details ofthis passage of horrors.
in that letter, of oct 2, 1834, he states thathis natives were very reluctant to go over the dreadful mountain passes;that 'for seven successive days we continued traveling over one solidbody of snow;'  that 'the snows were of incredible depth;'  that 'thenatives were frequently up to their middle in snow.'
but still theill-clad, ill-fed, diseased, and way-worn men and women were sustained bythe cheerful voice of their unconquerable friend, and responded mostnobly to his call."
mr. bonwick says that robinson's friendly capture of the big river triberemember, it was a whole tribe--"was by far the grandest feature of thewar, and the crowning glory of his efforts."
the word "war" was not wellchosen, and is misleading.
there was war still, but only the blacks wereconducting it--the whites were holding off until robinson could give hisscheme a fair trial.
i think that we are to understand that the friendlycapture of that tribe was by far the most important thing, the highest invalue, that happened during the whole thirty years of trucelesshostilities; that it was a decisive thing, a peaceful waterloo, thesurrender of the native napoleon and his dreaded forces, the happy endingof the long strife.
for "that tribe was the terror of the colony," itschief "the black douglas of bush households."
robinson knew that these formidable people were lurking somewhere, insome remote corner of the hideous regions just described, and he and hisunarmed little party started on a tedious and perilous hunt for them.
atlast, "there, under the shadows of the frenchman's cap, whose grim conerose five thousand feet in the uninhabited westward interior," they werefound.
it was a serious moment.
robinson himself believed, for once,that his mission, successful until now, was to end here in failure, andthat his own death-hour had struck.
the redoubtable chief stood in menacing attitude, with his eighteen-footspear poised; his warriors stood massed at his back, armed for battle,their faces eloquent with their long-cherished loathing for white men.
"they rattled their spears and shouted their war-cry."
their women wereback of them, laden with supplies of weapons, and keeping their 150 eagerdogs quiet until the chief should give the signal to fall on.
"i think we shall soon be in the resurrection," whispered a member ofrobinson's little party.
"i think we shall," answered robinson; then plucked up heart and beganhis persuasions--in the tribe's own dialect, which surprised and pleasedthe chief.
presently there was an interruption by the chief:"who are you?"
"we are gentlemen."
"where are your guns?"
"we have none."
the warrior was astonished.
"where your little guns?"
"we have none."
a few minutes passed--in by-play--suspense--discussion among thetribesmen--robinson's tamed squaws ventured to cross the line and beginpersuasions upon the wild squaws.
then the chief stepped back "to conferwith the old women--the real arbiters of savage war."
mr. bonwickcontinues:     "as the fallen gladiator in the arena looks for the signal of life     or death from the president of the amphitheatre, so waited our     friends in anxious suspense while the conference continued.
in a     few minutes, before a word was uttered, the women of the tribe threw     up their arms three times.
this was the inviolable sign of peace!
down fell the spears.
forward, with a heavy sigh of relief, and     upward glance of gratitude, came the friends of peace.
the     impulsive natives rushed forth with tears and cries, as each saw in     the other's rank a loved one of the past.
"it was a jubilee of joy.
a festival followed.
and, while tears     flowed at the recital of woe, a corrobory of pleasant laughter     closed the eventful day."
in four years, without the spilling of a drop of blood, robinson broughtthem all in, willing captives, and delivered them to the white governor,and ended the war which powder and bullets, and thousands of men to usethem, had prosecuted without result since 1804.marsyas charming the wild beasts with his music--that is fable; but themiracle wrought by robinson is fact.
it is history--and authentic; andsurely, there is nothing greater, nothing more reverence-compelling inthe history of any country, ancient or modern.
and in memory of the greatest man australasia ever developed or ever willdevelop, there is a stately monument to george augustus robinson, theconciliator in--no, it is to another man, i forget his name.
however, robertson's own generation honored him, and in manifesting ithonored themselves.
the government gave him a money-reward and athousand acres of land; and the people held mass-meetings and praised himand emphasized their praise with a large subscription of money.
a good dramatic situation; but the curtain fell on another:     "when this desperate tribe was thus captured, there was much     surprise to find that the l30,000 of a little earlier day had been     spent, and the whole population of the colony placed under arms, in     contention with an opposing force of sixteen men with wooden spears!
yet such was the fact.
the celebrated big river tribe, that had     been raised by european fears to a host, consisted of sixteen men,     nine women, and one child.
with a knowledge of the mischief done by     these few, their wonderful marches and their widespread aggressions,     their enemies cannot deny to them the attributes of courage and     military tact.
a wallace might harass a large army with a small and     determined band; but the contending parties were at least equal in     arms and civilization.
the zulus who fought us in africa, the     maories in new zealand, the arabs in the soudan, were far better     provided with weapons, more advanced in the science of war, and     considerably more numerous, than the naked tasmanians.
governor     arthur rightly termed them a noble race."
these were indeed wonderful people, the natives.
they ought not to havebeen wasted.
they should have been crossed with the whites.
it wouldhave improved the whites and done the natives no harm.
but the natives were wasted, poor heroic wild creatures.
they weregathered together in little settlements on neighboring islands, andpaternally cared for by the government, and instructed in religion, anddeprived of tobacco, because the superintendent of the sunday-school wasnot a smoker, and so considered smoking immoral.
the natives were not used to clothes, and houses, and regular hours, andchurch, and school, and sunday-school, and work, and the other misplacedpersecutions of civilization, and they pined for their lost home andtheir wild free life.
too late they repented that they had traded thatheaven for this hell.
they sat homesick on their alien crags, and day byday gazed out through their tears over the sea with unappeasable longingtoward the hazy bulk which was the specter of what had been theirparadise; one by one their hearts broke and they died.
in a very few years nothing but a scant remnant remained alive.
ahandful lingered along into age.
in 1864 the last man died, in 1876 thelast woman died, and the spartans of australasia were extinct.
the whites always mean well when they take human fish out of the oceanand try to make them dry and warm and happy and comfortable in a chickencoop; but the kindest-hearted white man can always be depended on toprove himself inadequate when he deals with savages.
he cannot turn thesituation around and imagine how he would like it to have a well-meaningsavage transfer him from his house and his church and his clothes and hisbooks and his choice food to a hideous wilderness of sand and rocks andsnow, and ice and sleet and storm and blistering sun, with no shelter, nobed, no covering for his and his family's naked bodies, and nothing toeat but snakes and grubs and 'offal.
this would be a hell to him; and ifhe had any wisdom he would know that his own civilization is a hell tothe savage--but he hasn't any, and has never had any; and for lack of ithe shut up those poor natives in the unimaginable perdition of hiscivilization, committing his crime with the very best intentions, and sawthose poor creatures waste away under his tortures; and gazed at it,vaguely troubled and sorrowful, and wondered what could be the matterwith them.
one is almost betrayed into respecting those criminals, theywere so sincerely kind, and tender, and humane; and well-meaning.
they didn't know why those exiled savages faded away, and they did theirhonest best to reason it out.
and one man, in a like case in new southwales, did reason it out and arrive at a solution:     "it is from the wrath of god, which is revealed from heaven against     cold ungodliness and unrighteousness of men."
that settles it.
the aphorism does really seem true: "given the circumstances, the manwill appear."
but the man musn't appear ahead of time, or it will spoileverything.
in robinson's case the moment had been approaching for aquarter of a century--and meantime the future conciliator was tranquillylaying bricks in hobart.
when all other means had failed, the moment hadarrived, and the bricklayer put down his trowel and came forward.
earlier he would have been jeered back to his trowel again.
it remindsme of a tale that was told me by a kentuckian on the train when we werecrossing montana.
he said the tale was current in louisville years ago.
he thought it had been in print, but could not remember.
at any rate, insubstance it was this, as nearly as i can call it back to mind.
a few years before the outbreak of the civil war it began to appear thatmemphis, tennessee, was going to be a great tobacco entrepot--the wisecould see the signs of it.
at that time memphis had a wharf boat, ofcourse.
there was a paved sloping wharf, for the accommodation offreight, but the steamers landed on the outside of the wharfboat, and allloading and unloading was done across it, between steamer and shore.
anumber of wharfboat clerks were needed, and part of the time, every day,they were very busy, and part of the time tediously idle.
they wereboiling over with youth and spirits, and they had to make the intervalsof idleness endurable in some way; and as a rule, they did it bycontriving practical jokes and playing them upon each other.
the favorite butt for the jokes was ed jackson, because he played nonehimself, and was easy game for other people's--for he always believedwhatever was told him.
one day he told the others his scheme for his holiday.
he was not goingfishing or hunting this time--no, he had thought out a better plan.
outof his $40 a month he had saved enough for his purpose, in an economicalway, and he was going to have a look at new york.
it was a great and surprising idea.
it meant travel--immense travel--inthose days it meant seeing the world; it was the equivalent of a voyagearound it in ours.
at first the other youths thought his mind wasaffected, but when they found that he was in earnest, the next thing tobe thought of was, what sort of opportunity this venture might afford fora practical joke.
the young men studied over the matter, then held a secret consultationand made a plan.
the idea was, that one of the conspirators should offered a letter of introduction to commodore vanderbilt, and trick him intodelivering it.
it would be easy to do this.
but what would ed do whenhe got back to memphis?
that was a serious matter.
he was good-hearted,and had always taken the jokes patiently; but they had been jokes whichdid not humiliate him, did not bring him to shame; whereas, this would bea cruel one in that way, and to play it was to meddle with fire; for withall his good nature, ed was a southerner--and the english of that was,that when he came back he would kill as many of the conspirators as hecould before falling himself.
however, the chances must be taken--itwouldn't do to waste such a joke as that.
so the letter was prepared with great care and elaboration.
it wassigned alfred fairchild, and was written in an easy and friendly spirit.
it stated that the bearer was the bosom friend of the writer's son, andwas of good parts and sterling character, and it begged the commodore tobe kind to the young stranger for the writer's sake.
it went on to say,"you may have forgotten me, in this long stretch of time, but you willeasily call me back out of your boyhood memories when i remind you of howwe robbed old stevenson's orchard that night; and how, while he waschasing down the road after us, we cut across the field and doubled backand sold his own apples to his own cook for a hat-full of doughnuts; andthe time that we----" and so forth and so on, bringing in names ofimaginary comrades, and detailing all sorts of wild and absurd and, ofcourse, wholly imaginary schoolboy pranks and adventures, but puttingthem into lively and telling shape.
with all gravity ed was asked if he would like to have a letter tocommodore vanderbilt, the great millionaire.
it was expected that thequestion would astonish ed, and it did.
do you know that extraordinary man?"
"no; but my father does.
they were schoolboys together.
and if youlike, i'll write and ask father.
i know he'll be glad to give it to youfor my sake."
ed could not find words capable of expressing his gratitude and delight.
the three days passed, and the letter was put into his bands.
he startedon his trip, still pouring out his thanks while he shook good-bye allaround.
and when he was out of sight his comrades let fly their laughterin a storm of happy satisfaction--and then quieted down, and were lesshappy, less satisfied.
for the old doubts as to the wisdom of thisdeception began to intrude again.
arrived in new york, ed found his way to commodore vanderbilt's businessquarters, and was ushered into a large anteroom, where a score of peoplewere patiently awaiting their turn for a two-minute interview with themillionaire in his private office.
a servant asked for ed's card, andgot the letter instead.
ed was sent for a moment later, and found mr.vanderbilt alone, with the letter--open--in his hand.
"pray sit down, mr. --er--""jackson."
"ah--sit down, mr. jackson.
by the opening sentences it seems to be aletter from an old friend.
allow me--i will run my eye through it.
hesays he says--why, who is it?"
he turned the sheet and found thesignature.
"alfred fairchild--hm--fairchild--i don't recall the name.
but that is nothing--a thousand names have gone from me.
he says--hesays-hm-hmoh, dear, but it's good!
oh, it's rare!
i don't quiteremember it, but i seem to it'll all come back to me presently.
he says--he says--hm--hm-oh, but that was a game!
how itcarries me back!
it's all dim, of course it's a long time ago--and thenames--some of the names are wavery and indistinct--but sho', i know ithappened--i can feel it!
and lord, how it warms my heart, and bringsback my lost youth!
well, well, well, i've got to come back into thiswork-a-day world now--business presses and people are waiting--i'll keepthe rest for bed to-night, and live my youth over again.
and you'llthank fairchild for me when you see him--i used to call him alf, i think--and you'll give him my gratitude for--what this letter has done for thetired spirit of a hard-worked man; and tell him there isn't anything thati can do for him or any friend of his that i won't do.
and as for you,my lad, you are my guest; you can't stop at any hotel in new york.
where you are a little while, till i get through with these people, thenwe'll go home.
i'll take care of you, my boy--make yourself easy as tothat."
ed stayed a week, and had an immense time--and never suspected that thecommodore's shrewd eye was on him, and that he was daily being weighedand measured and analyzed and tried and tested.
yes, he had an immense time; and never wrote home, but saved it all up totell when he should get back.
twice, with proper modesty and decency, heproposed to end his visit, but the commodore said, "no--wait; leave it tome; i'll tell you when to go."
in those days the commodore was making some of those vast combinations ofhis--consolidations of warring odds and ends of railroads into harmonioussystems, and concentrations of floating and rudderless commerce ineffective centers--and among other things his farseeing eye had detectedthe convergence of that huge tobacco-commerce, already spoken of, towardmemphis, and he had resolved to set his grasp upon it and make it hisown.
the week came to an end.
then the commodore said:"now you can start home.
but first we will have some more talk aboutthat tobacco matter.
i know you now.
i know your abilities as well asyou know them yourself--perhaps better.
you understand that tobaccomatter; you understand that i am going to take possession of it, and youalso understand the plans which i have matured for doing it.
what i wantis a man who knows my mind, and is qualified to represent me in memphis,and be in supreme command of that important business--and i appoint you."
your salary will be high--of course-for you are representing me.
later you will earn increases of it, and will get them.
you will need asmall army of assistants; choose them yourself--and carefully.
take noman for friendship's sake; but, all things being equal, take the man youknow, take your friend, in preference to the stranger."
after somefurther talk under this head, the commodore said:"good-bye, my boy, and thank alf for me, for sending you to me."
when ed reached memphis he rushed down to the wharf in a fever to tellhis great news and thank the boys over and over again for thinking togive him the letter to mr. vanderbilt.
it happened to be one of thoseidle times.
blazing hot noonday, and no sign of life on the wharf.
butas ed threaded his way among the freight piles, he saw a white linenfigure stretched in slumber upon a pile of grain-sacks under an awning,and said to himself, "that's one of them," and hastened his step; next,he said, "it's charley--it's fairchild good"; and the next moment laid anaffectionate hand on the sleeper's shoulder.
the eyes opened lazily,took one glance, the face blanched, the form whirled itself from thesack-pile, and in an instant ed was alone and fairchild was flying forthe wharf-boat like the wind!
ed was dazed, stupefied.
was fairchild crazy?
what could be the meaningof this?
he started slow and dreamily down toward the wharf-boat; turnedthe corner of a freight-pile and came suddenly upon two of the boys.
they were lightly laughing over some pleasant matter; they heard hisstep, and glanced up just as he discovered them; the laugh died abruptly;and before ed could speak they were off, and sailing over barrels andbales like hunted deer.
again ed was paralyzed.
had the boys all gonemad?
what could be the explanation of this extraordinary conduct?
andso, dreaming along, he reached the wharf-boat, and stepped aboard--nothingbut silence there, and vacancy.
he crossed the deck, turned the cornerto go down the outer guard, heard a fervent--"o lord!"
and saw a white linen form plunge overboard.
the youth came up coughing and strangling, and cried out--"go 'way from here!
you let me alone.
i didn't do it, i swear ididn't!"
"didn't do what?"
"give you the----""never mind what you didn't do--come out of that!
what makes you all actso?
what have i done?"
why you haven't done anything.
but----""well, then, what have you got against me?
what do you all treat me sofor?"
"i--er--but haven't you got anything against us?"
"of course not.
what put such a thing into your head?"
"honor bright--you haven't?
"i don't know what in the world you mean, but i swear it, anyway."
"and you'll shake hands with me?"
"goodness knows i'll be glad to!
why, i'm just starving to shake handswith somebody!"
the swimmer muttered, "hang him, he smelt a rat and never delivered theletter!--but it's all right, i'm not going to fetch up the subject."
andhe crawled out and came dripping and draining to shake hands.
first oneand then another of the conspirators showed up cautiously--armed to theteeth--took in the amicable situation, then ventured warily forward andjoined the love-feast.
and to ed's eager inquiry as to what made them act as they had beenacting, they answered evasively, and pretended that they had put it up asa joke, to see what he would do.
it was the best explanation they couldinvent at such short notice.
and each said to himself, "he neverdelivered that letter, and the joke is on us, if he only knew it or wewere dull enough to come out and tell."
then, of course, they wanted to know all about the trip; and he said--"come right up on the boiler deck and order the drinks--it's my treat.
i'm going to tell you all about it.
and to-night it's my treat again--and we'll have oysters and a time!"
when the drinks were brought and cigars lighted, ed said:"well, when i delivered the letter to mr. vanderbilt----""great scott!"
"gracious, how you scared me.
what's the matter?"
nothing--it was a tack in the chair-seat," said one.
"but you all said it.
however, no matter.
when i delivered theletter----""did you deliver it?"
and they looked at each other as people might whothought that maybe they were dreaming.
then they settled to listening; and as the story deepened and its marvelsgrew, the amazement of it made them dumb, and the interest of it tooktheir breath.
they hardly uttered a whisper during two hours, but satlike petrifactions and drank in the immortal romance.
at last the talewas ended, and ed said--"and it's all owing to you, boys, and you'll never find me ungrateful--bless your hearts, the best friends a fellow ever had!
you'll all haveplaces; i want every one of you.
i know you--i know you 'by the back,'as the gamblers say.
you're jokers, and all that, but you're sterling,with the hallmark on.
and charley fairchild, you shall be my firstassistant and right hand, because of your first-class ability, andbecause you got me the letter, and for your father's sake who wrote itfor me, and to please mr. vanderbilt, who said it would!
and here's tothat great man--drink hearty!"
yes, when the moment comes, the man appears--even if he is a thousandmiles away, and has to be discovered by a practical joke.
necessarily, the human interest is the first interest in the log-book ofany country.
the annals of tasmania, in whose shadow we were sailing,are lurid with that feature.
tasmania was a convict-dump, in old times;this has been indicated in the account of the conciliator, wherereference is made to vain attempts of desperate convicts to win topermanent freedom, after escaping from macquarrie harbor and the "gatesof hell."
in the early days tasmania had a great population of convicts,of both sexes and all ages, and a bitter hard life they had.
in one spotthere was a settlement of juvenile convicts--children--who had been sentthither from their home and their friends on the other side of the globeto expiate their "crimes."
in due course our ship entered the estuary called the derwent, at whosehead stands hobart, the capital of tasmania.
the derwent's shoresfurnish scenery of an interesting sort.
the historian laurie, whosebook, "the story of australasia," is just out, invoices its features withconsiderable truth and intemperance: "the marvelous picturesqueness ofevery point of view, combined with the clear balmy atmosphere and thetransparency of the ocean depths, must have delighted and deeplyimpressed" the early explorers.
"if the rock-bound coasts, sullen,defiant, and lowering, seemed uninviting, these were occasionally brokeninto charmingly alluring coves floored with golden sand, clad withevergreen shrubbery, and adorned with every variety of indigenous wattle,she-oak, wild flower, and fern, from the delicately graceful'maiden-hair' to the palm-like 'old man'; while the majestic gum-tree,clean and smooth as the mast of 'some tall ammiral' pierces the clear airto the height of 230 feet or more."
it looked so to me.
"coasting along tasman's peninsula, what a shock ofpleasant wonder must have struck the early mariner on suddenly sightingcape pillar, with its cluster of black-ribbed basaltic columns rising toa height of 900 feet, the hydra head wreathed in a turban of fleecycloud, the base lashed by jealous waves spouting angry fountains offoam."
that is well enough, but i did not suppose those snags were 900 feethigh.
still they were a very fine show.
they stood boldly out bythemselves, and made a fascinatingly odd spectacle.
but there wasnothing about their appearance to suggest the heads of a hydra.
theylooked like a row of lofty slabs with their upper ends tapered to theshape of a carving-knife point; in fact, the early voyager, ignorant oftheir great height, might have mistaken them for a rusty old rank ofpiles that had sagged this way and that out of the perpendicular.
the peninsula is lofty, rocky, and densely clothed with scrub, or brush,or both.
it is joined to the main by a low neck.
at this junction wasformerly a convict station called port arthur--a place hard to escapefrom.
behind it was the wilderness of scrub, in which a fugitive wouldsoon starve; in front was the narrow neck, with a cordon of chained dogsacross it, and a line of lanterns, and a fence of living guards, armed.
we saw the place as we swept by--that is, we had a glimpse of what wewere told was the entrance to port arthur.
the glimpse was worthsomething, as a remembrancer, but that was all.
the voyage thence up the derwent frith displays a grand succession offairy visions, in its entire length elsewhere unequaled.
in gliding overthe deep blue sea studded with lovely islets luxuriant to the water'sedge, one is at a loss which scene to choose for contemplation and toadmire most.
when the huon and bruni have been passed, there seems nopossible chance of a rival; but suddenly mount wellington, massive andnoble like his brother etna, literally heaves in sight, sternly guardedon either hand by mounts nelson and rumney; presently we arrive atsullivan's cove--hobart!
it is an attractive town.
it sits on low hills that slope to the harbor--a harbor that looks like a river, and is as smooth as one.
its stillsurface is pictured with dainty reflections of boats and grassy banks andluxuriant foliage.
back of the town rise highlands that are clothed inwoodland loveliness, and over the way is that noble mountain, wellington,a stately bulk, a most majestic pile.
how beautiful is the whole region,for form, and grouping, and opulence, and freshness of foliage, andvariety of color, and grace and shapeliness of the hills, the capes, thepromontories; and then, the splendor of the sunlight, the dim richdistances, the charm of the water-glimpses!
and it was in this paradisethat the yellow-liveried convicts were landed, and the corps-banditsquartered, and the wanton slaughter of the kangaroo-chasing blackinnocents consummated on that autumn day in may, in the brutish old time.
it was all out of keeping with the place, a sort of bringing of heavenand hell together.
the remembrance of this paradise reminds me that it was at hobart that westruck the head of the procession of junior englands.
we were toencounter other sections of it in new zealand, presently, and otherslater in natal.
wherever the exiled englishman can find in his new homeresemblances to his old one, he is touched to the marrow of his being;the love that is in his heart inspires his imagination, and these alliedforces transfigure those resemblances into authentic duplicates of therevered originals.
it is beautiful, the feeling which works thisenchantment, and it compels one's homage; compels it, and also compelsone's assent--compels it always--even when, as happens sometimes, onedoes not see the resemblances as clearly as does the exile who ispointing them out.
the resemblances do exist, it is quite true; and often they cunninglyapproximate the originals--but after all, in the matter of certainphysical patent rights there is only one england.
now that i havesampled the globe, i am not in doubt.
there is a beauty of switzerland,and it is repeated in the glaciers and snowy ranges of many parts of theearth; there is a beauty of the fiord, and it is repeated in new zealandand alaska; there is a beauty of hawaii, and it is repeated in tenthousand islands of the southern seas; there is a beauty of the prairieand the plain, and it is repeated here and there in the earth; each ofthese is worshipful, each is perfect in its way, yet holds no monopoly ofits beauty; but that beauty which is england is alone--it has noduplicate.
it is made up of very simple details--just grass, and trees, and shrubs,and roads, and hedges, and gardens, and houses, and vines, and churches,and castles, and here and there a ruin--and over it all a mellowdream-haze of history.
but its beauty is incomparable, and all its own.
hobart has a peculiarity--it is the neatest town that the sun shines on;and i incline to believe that it is also the cleanest.
however that maybe, its supremacy in neatness is not to be questioned.
there cannot beanother town in the world that has no shabby exteriors; no rickety gatesand fences, no neglected houses crumbling to ruin, no crazy and unsightlysheds, no weed-grown front-yards of the poor, no back-yards littered withtin cans and old boots and empty bottles, no rubbish in the gutters, noclutter on the sidewalks, no outer-borders fraying out into dirty lanesand tin-patched huts.
no, in hobart all the aspects are tidy, and all acomfort to the eye; the modestest cottage looks combed and brushed, andhas its vines, its flowers, its neat fence, its neat gate, its comely catasleep on the window ledge.
we had a glimpse of the museum, by courtesy of the american gentleman whois curator of it.
it has samples of half-a-dozen different kinds ofmarsupials--[a marsupial is a plantigrade vertebrate whose specialty isits pocket.
in some countries it is extinct, in the others it is rare.
the first american marsupials were stephen girard, mr. astor and theopossum; the principal marsupials of the southern hemisphere are mr.rhodes, and the kangaroo.
i, myself, am the latest marsupial.
also, imight boast that i have the largest pocket of them all.
but there isnothing in that.]
--one, the "tasmanian devil;" that is, i think he wasone of them.
and there was a fish with lungs.
when the water dries upit can live in the mud.
most curious of all was a parrot that killssheep.
on one great sheep-run this bird killed a thousand sheep in awhole year.
he doesn't want the whole sheep, but only the kidney-fat.
this restricted taste makes him an expensive bird to support.
to get thefat he drives his beak in and rips it out; the wound is mortal.
thisparrot furnishes a notable example of evolution brought about by changedconditions.
when the sheep culture was introduced, it presently broughtfamine to the parrot by exterminating a kind of grub which had alwaysthitherto been the parrot's diet.
the miseries of hunger made the birdwilling to eat raw flesh, since it could get no other food, and it beganto pick remnants of meat from sheep skins hung out on the fences to dry.
it soon came to prefer sheep meat to any other food, and by and by itcame to prefer the kidney-fat to any other detail of the sheep.
theparrot's bill was not well shaped for digging out the fat, but naturefixed that matter; she altered the bill's shape, and now the parrot candig out kidney-fat better than the chief justice of the supreme court, oranybody else, for that matter--even an admiral.
and there was another curiosity--quite a stunning one, i thought:arrow-heads and knives just like those which primeval man made out offlint, and thought he had done such a wonderful thing--yes, and has beenhumored and coddled in that superstition by this age of admiringscientists until there is probably no living with him in the other worldby now.
yet here is his finest and nicest work exactly duplicated in ourday; and by people who have never heard of him or his works: byaborigines who lived in the islands of these seas, within our time.
andthey not only duplicated those works of art but did it in the brittlestand most treacherous of substances--glass: made them out of old brandybottles flung out of the british camps; millions of tons of them.
it istime for primeval man to make a little less noise, now.
he has had hisday.
he is not what he used to be.
we had a drive through a bloomy andodorous fairy-land, to the refuge for the indigent--a spacious andcomfortable home, with hospitals, etc., for both sexes.
there was acrowd there, of the oldest people i have ever seen.
it was like beingsuddenly set down in a new world--a weird world where youth has neverbeen, a world sacred to age, and bowed forms, and wrinkles.
out of the359 persons present, 223 were ex-convicts, and could have told stirringtales, no doubt, if they had been minded to talk; 42 of the 359 were past80, and several were close upon 90; the average age at death there is 76years.
as for me, i have no use for that place; it is too healthy.
seventy is old enough--after that, there is too much risk.
youth andgaiety might vanish, any day--and then, what is left?
death in life;death without its privileges, death without its benefits.
there were 185women in that refuge, and 81 of them were ex-convicts.
the steamer disappointed us.
instead of making a long visit at hobart,as usual, she made a short one.
so we got but a glimpse of tasmania, andthen moved on.
we spent part of an afternoon and a night at sea, and reached bluff, innew zealand, early in the morning.
bluff is at the bottom of the middleisland, and is away down south, nearly fort y-seven degrees below theequator.
it lies as far south of the line as quebec lies north of it,and the climates of the two should be alike; but for some reason or otherit has not been so arranged.
quebec is hot in the summer and cold in thewinter, but bluff's climate is less intense; the cold weather is not verycold, the hot weather is not very hot; and the difference between thehottest month and the coldest is but 17 degrees fahrenheit.
in new zealand the rabbit plague began at bluff.
the man who introducedthe rabbit there was banqueted and lauded; but they would hang him, now,if they could get him.
in england the natural enemy of the rabbit isdetested and persecuted; in the bluff region the natural enemy of therabbit is honored, and his person is sacred.
the rabbit's natural enemyin england is the poacher, in bluff its natural enemy is the stoat, theweasel, the ferret, the cat, and the mongoose.
in england any personbelow the heir who is caught with a rabbit in his possession mustsatisfactorily explain how it got there, or he will suffer fine andimprisonment, together with extinction of his peerage; in bluff, the catfound with a rabbit in its possession does not have to explain--everybodylooks the other way; the person caught noticing would suffer fine andimprisonment, with extinction of peerage.
this is a sure way toundermine the moral fabric of a cat.
thirty years from now there willnot be a moral cat in new zealand.
some think there is none there now.
in england the poacher is watched, tracked, hunted--he dare not show hisface; in bluff the cat, the weasel, the stoat, and the mongoose go up anddown, whither they will, unmolested.
by a law of the legislature, postedwhere all may read, it is decreed that any person found in possession ofone of these creatures (dead) must satisfactorily explain thecircumstances or pay a fine of not less than l5, nor more than l20.
therevenue from this source is not large.
persons who want to pay a hundreddollars for a dead cat are getting rarer and rarer every day.
this isbad, for the revenue was to go to the endowment of a university.
allgovernments are more or less short-sighted: in england they fine thepoacher, whereas he ought to be banished to new zealand.
new zealandwould pay his way, and give him wages.
it was from bluff that we ought to have cut across to the west coast andvisited the new zealand switzerland, a land of superb scenery, made up ofsnowy grandeurs, anal mighty glaciers, and beautiful lakes; and overthere, also, are the wonderful rivals of the norwegian and alaskanfiords; and for neighbor, a waterfall of 1,900 feet; but we were obligedto postpone the trip to some later and indefinite time.
november 6.  a lovely summer morning; brilliant blue sky.
a few milesout from invercargill, passed through vast level green expanses snowedover with sheep.
fine to see.
the green, deep and very vivid sometimes;at other times less so, but delicate and lovely.
a passenger reminds methat i am in "the england of the far south."
dunedin, same date.
the town justifies michael davitt's praises.
the people are scotch.
they stopped here on their way from home toheaven-thinking they had arrived.
the population is stated at 40,000, bymalcolm ross, journalist; stated by an m. p. at 60,000.  a journalistcannot lie.
to the residence of dr. hockin.
he has a fine collection of booksrelating to new zealand; and his house is a museum of maori art andantiquities.
he has pictures and prints in color of many native chiefsof the past--some of them of note in history.
there is nothing of thesavage in the faces; nothing could be finer than these men's features,nothing more intellectual than these faces, nothing more masculine,nothing nobler than their aspect.
the aboriginals of australia andtasmania looked the savage, but these chiefs looked like romanpatricians.
the tattooing in these portraits ought to suggest thesavage, of course, but it does not.
the designs are so flowing andgraceful and beautiful that they are a most satisfactory decoration.
ittakes but fifteen minutes to get reconciled to the tattooing, and butfifteen more to perceive that it is just the thing.
after that, theundecorated european face is unpleasant and ignoble.
dr. hockin gave us a ghastly curiosity--a lignified caterpillar with aplant growing out of the back of its neck--a plant with a slender stem 4inches high.
it happened not by accident, but by design--nature'sdesign.
this caterpillar was in the act of loyally carrying out a lawinflicted upon him by nature--a law purposely inflicted upon him to gethim into trouble--a law which was a trap; in pursuance of this law hemade the proper preparations for turning himself into a night-moth; thatis to say, he dug a little trench, a little grave, and then stretchedhimself out in it on his stomach and partially buried himself--thennature was ready for him.
she blew the spores of a peculiar fungusthrough the air with a purpose.
some of them fell into a crease in theback of the caterpillar's neck, and began to sprout and grow--for therewas soil there--he had not washed his neck.
the roots forced themselvesdown into the worm's person, and rearward along through its body, suckingup the creature's juices for sap; the worm slowly died, and turned towood.
and here he was now, a wooden caterpillar, with every detail ofhis former physique delicately and exactly preserved and perpetuated, andwith that stem standing up out of him for his monument--monumentcommemorative of his own loyalty and of nature's unfair return for it.
nature is always acting like that.
mrs. x. said (of course) that thecaterpillar was not conscious and didn't suffer.
she should have knownbetter.
no caterpillar can deceive nature.
if this one couldn't suffer,nature would have known it and would have hunted up another caterpillar.
not that she would have let this one go, merely because it was defective.
she would have waited and let him turn into a night-moth; and thenfried him in the candle.
nature cakes a fish's eyes over with parasites, so that it shan't be ableto avoid its enemies or find its food.
she sends parasites into astar-fish's system, which clog up its prongs and swell them and make themso uncomfortable that the poor creature delivers itself from the prong toease its misery; and presently it has to part with another prong for thesake of comfort, and finally with a third.
if it re-grows the prongs,the parasite returns and the same thing is repeated.
and finally, whenthe ability to reproduce prongs is lost through age, that poor oldstar-fish can't get around any more, and so it dies of starvation.
in australia is prevalent a horrible disease due to an "unperfectedtapeworm."
unperfected--that is what they call it, i do not know why,for it transacts business just as well as if it were finished andfrescoed and gilded, and all that.
november 9.  to the museum and public picture gallery with the presidentof the society of artists.
some fine pictures there, lent by the s. ofa. several of them they bought, the others came to them by gift.
next,to the gallery of the s. of a.--annual exhibition--just opened.
think of a town like this having two such collections as this, and asociety of artists.
it is so all over australasia.
if it were amonarchy one might understand it.
i mean an absolute monarchy, where itisn't necessary to vote money, but take it.
then art flourishes.
butthese colonies are republics--republics with a wide suffrage; voters ofboth sexes, this one of new zealand.
in republics, neither thegovernment nor the rich private citizen is much given to propagating art.
all over australasia pictures by famous european artists are bought forthe public galleries by the state and by societies of citizens.
livingcitizens--not dead ones.
they rob themselves to give, not their heirs.
this s. of a. here owns its building--built it by subscription.
november 11.  on the road.
this train-express goes twenty and one-halfmiles an hour, schedule time; but it is fast enough, the outlook upon seaand land is so interesting, and the cars so comfortable.
they are notenglish, and not american; they are the swiss combination of the two.
a narrow and railed porch along the side, where a person can walkup and down.
a lavatory in each car.
this is progress; this isnineteenth-century spirit.
in new zealand, these fast expresses run twicea week.
it is well to know this if you want to be a bird and fly throughthe country at a 20-mile gait; otherwise you may start on one of the fivewrong days, and then you will get a train that can't overtake its ownshadow.
by contrast, these pleasant cars call to mind the branch-road cars atmaryborough, australia, and the passengers' talk about the branch-roadand the hotel.
somewhere on the road to maryborough i changed for a while to asmoking-carriage.
there were two gentlemen there; both riding backward,one at each end of the compartment.
they were acquaintances of eachother.
i sat down facing the one that sat at the starboard window.
hehad a good face, and a friendly look, and i judged from his dress that hewas a dissenting minister.
he was along toward fifty.
of his own motionhe struck a match, and shaded it with his hand for me to light my cigar.
i take the rest from my diary:in order to start conversation i asked him something about maryborough.
he said, in a most pleasant--even musical voice, but with quiet andcultured decision:"it's a charming town, with a hell of a hotel."
i was astonished.
it seemed so odd to hear a minister swear out loud.
he went placidly on:"it's the worst hotel in australia.
well, one may go further, and say inaustralasia."
"no--none at all.
"the pillows, too?"
"yes, the pillows, too.
and not a good quality of sand.
itpacks too hard, and has never been screened.
there is too much gravel init.
it is like sleeping on nuts."
"isn't there any good sand?"
"plenty of it.
there is as good bed-sand in this region as the world canfurnish.
aerated sand--and loose; but they won't buy it.
they wantsomething that will pack solid, and petrify."
"how are the rooms?"
"eight feet square; and a sheet of iced oil-cloth to step on in themorning when you get out of the sand-quarry."
"as to lights?"
"a good one?"
it's the kind that sheds a gloom."
"i like a lamp that burns all night."
"this one won't.
you must blow it out early."
"that is bad.
one might want it again in the night.
can't find it inthe dark."
"there's no trouble; you can find it by the stench."
"two nails on the door to hang seven suits of clothes on if you've gotthem."
"there aren't any."
"what do you do when you want service?"
but it won't fetch anybody."
"suppose you want the chambermaid to empty the slopjar?"
"there isn't any slop-jar.
the hotels don't keep them.
that is, outsideof sydney and melbourne."
"yes, i knew that.
i was only talking.
it's the oddest thing inaustralia.
another thing: i've got to get up in the dark, in themorning, to take the 5 o'clock train.
now if the boots----""there isn't any."
"well, the porter."
"there isn't any."
"but who will call me?"
you'll call yourself.
and you'll light yourself, too.
there'll not be a light burning in the halls or anywhere.
and if youdon't carry a light, you'll break your neck."
"but who will help me down with my baggage?"
however, i will tell you what to do.
in maryborough there's anamerican who has lived there half a lifetime; a fine man, and prosperousand popular.
he will be on the lookout for you; you won't have anytrouble.
sleep in peace; he will rout you out, and you will make yourtrain.
where is your manager?"
"i left him at ballarat, studying the language.
and besides, he had togo to melbourne and get us ready for new zealand.
i've not tried topilot myself before, and it doesn't look easy."
you've selected the very most difficult piece of railroad inaustralia for your experiment.
there are twelve miles of this road whichno man without good executive ability can ever hope--tell me, have yougood executive ability?
first-rate executive ability?"
"i--well, i think so, but----""that settles it.
the tone of----oh, you wouldn't ever make it in theworld.
however, that american will point you right, and you'll go.
you've got tickets?"
"yes--round trip; all the way to sydney."
"ah, there it is, you see!
you are going in the 5 o'clock bycastlemaine--twelve miles--instead of the 7.15 by ballarat--in order tosave two hours of fooling along the road.
now then, don't interrupt--letme have the floor.
you're going to save the government a deal ofhauling, but that's nothing; your ticket is by ballarat, and it isn'tgood over that twelve miles, and so----""but why should the government care which way i go?"
ask of the winds that far away with fragments strewedthe sea, as the boy that stood on the burning deck used to say.
thegovernment chooses to do its railway business in its own way, and itdoesn't know as much about it as the french.
in the beginning they triedidiots; then they imported the french--which was going backwards, yousee; now it runs the roads itself--which is going backwards again, yousee.
why, do you know, in order to curry favor with the voters, thegovernment puts down a road wherever anybody wants it--anybody that ownstwo sheep and a dog; and by consequence we've got, in the colony ofvictoria, 800 railway stations, and the business done at eighty of themdoesn't foot up twenty shillings a week."
it's the absolute truth."
"why, there are three or four men on wages at every station."
"i know it.
and the station-business doesn't pay for the sheep-dip tosanctify their coffee with.
it's just as i say.
why, if you shake a rag the train will stop in the midst of thewilderness to pick you up.
all that kind of politics costs, you see.
and then, besides, any town that has a good many votes and wants a finestation, gets it.
don't you overlook that maryborough station, if youtake an interest in governmental curiosities.
why, you can put the wholepopulation of maryborough into it, and give them a sofa apiece, and haveroom for more.
you haven't fifteen stations in america that are as big,and you probably haven't five that are half as fine.
why, it'sperfectly elegant.
and the clock!
everybody will show you the clock.
there isn't a station in europe that's got such a clock.
it doesn'tstrike--and that's one mercy.
it hasn't any bell; and as you'll havecause to remember, if you keep your reason, all australia is simplybedamned with bells.
on every quarter-hour, night and day, they jingle atiresome chime of half a dozen notes--all the clocks in town at once, allthe clocks in australasia at once, and all the very same notes; first,downward scale: mi, re, do, sol--then upward scale: sol, si, re, do--downagain: mi, re, do, sol--up again: sol, si, re, do--then the clock--say atmidnight clang--clang--clang--clang--clang--clang--clang--clang--clang--clang--clang--clang----and, by that time you're--hello, what's all thisexcitement about?
oh i see--a runaway--scared by the train; why, youwouldn’t think this train could scare anything.
well, of course, whenthey buildand run eighty stations at a loss and a lot of palace-stations and clockslike maryborough's at another loss, the government has got to economizesomewhere hasn't it?
very well look at the rolling stock.
that's wherethey save the money.
why, that train from maryborough will consist ofeighteen freight-cars and two passenger-kennels; cheap, poor, shabby,slovenly; no drinking water,no sanitary arrangements, every imaginable inconvenience; and slow?--oh,thegait of cold molasses; no air-brake, no springs, and they'll jolt yourhead off every time they start or stop.
that's where they make theirlittle economies, you see.
they spend tons of money to house youpalatially while you wait fifteen minutes for a train, then degrade youto six hours' convict-transportation to get the foolish outlay back.
what a rational man really needs is discomfort while he's waiting, thenhis journey in a nice train would be a grateful change.
but no, thatwould be common sense--and out of place in a government.
and then,besides, they save in that other little detail, you know--repudiate theirown tickets, and collect a poor little illegitimate extra shilling out ofyou for that twelve miles, and----""well, in any case----""wait--there's more.
leave that american out of the account and see whatwould happen.
there's nobody on hand to examine your ticket when youarrive.
but the conductor will come and examine it when the train isready to start.
it is too late to buy your extra ticket now; the traincan't wait, and won't.
you must climb out."
"but can't i pay the conductor?"
"no, he is not authorized to receive the money, and he won't.
you mustclimb out.
there's no other way.
i tell you, the railway management isabout the only thoroughly european thing here--continentally european imean, not english.
it's the continental business in perfection; downfine.
oh, yes, even to the peanut-commerce of weighing baggage."
the train slowed up at his place.
as he stepped out he said:"yes, you'll like maryborough.
plenty of intelligence there.
it's acharming place--with a hell of a hotel."
then he was gone.
i turned to the other gentleman:"is your friend in the ministry?"
"no--studying for it."
it was junior england all the way to christchurch--in fact, just agarden.
and christchurch is an english town, with an english-park annex,and a winding english brook just like the avon--and named the avon; butfrom a man, not from shakespeare's river.
its grassy banks are borderedby the stateliest and most impressive weeping willows to be found in theworld, i suppose.
they continue the line of a great ancestor; they weregrown from sprouts of the willow that sheltered napoleon's grave in st.helena.
it is a settled old community, with all the serenities, thegraces, the conveniences, and the comforts of the ideal home-life.
if ithad an established church and social inequality it would be england overagain with hardly a lack.
in the museum we saw many curious and interesting things; among others afine native house of the olden time, with all the details true to thefacts, and the showy colors right and in their proper places.
all thedetails: the fine mats and rugs and things; the elaborate and wonderfulwood carvings--wonderful, surely, considering who did them--wonderful indesign and particularly in execution, for they were done with admirablesharpness and exactness, and yet with no better tools than flint and jadeand shell could furnish; and the totem-posts were there, ancestor aboveancestor, with tongues protruded and hands clasped comfortably overbellies containing other people's ancestors--grotesque and ugly devils,every one, but lovingly carved, and ably; and the stuffed natives werepresent, in their proper places, and looking as natural as life; and thehousekeeping utensils were there, too, and close at hand the carved andfinely ornamented war canoe.
and we saw little jade gods, to hang around the neck--not everybody's,but sacred to the necks of natives of rank.
also jade weapons, and manykinds of jade trinkets--all made out of that excessively hard stonewithout the help of any tool of iron.
and some of these things had smallround holes bored through them--nobody knows how it was done; a mystery,a lost art.
i think it was said that if you want such a hole bored in apiece of jade now, you must send it to london or amsterdam where thelapidaries are.
also we saw a complete skeleton of the giant moa.
it stood ten feethigh, and must have been a sight to look at when it was a living  bird.
it was a kicker, like the ostrich; in fight it did not use its beak, butits foot.
it must have been a convincing kind of kick.
if a person hadhis back to the bird and did not see who it was that did it, he wouldthink he had been kicked by a wind-mill.
there must have been a sufficiency of moas in the old forgotten days whenhis breed walked the earth.
his bones are found in vast masses, allcrammed together in huge graves.
they are not in caves, but in theground.
nobody knows how they happened to get concentrated there.
mind,they are bones, not fossils.
this means that the moa has not beenextinct very long.
still, this is the only new zealand creature whichhas no mention in that otherwise comprehensive literature, the nativelegends.
this is a significant detail, and is good circumstantialevidence that the moa has been extinct 500 years, since the maori hashimself--by tradition--been in new zealand since the end of the fifteenthcentury.
he came from an unknown land--the first maori did--then sailedback in his canoe and brought his tribe, and they removed the aboriginalpeoples into the sea and into the ground and took the land.
that is thetradition.
that that first maori could come, is understandable, foranybody can come to a place when he isn't trying to; but how thatdiscoverer found his way back home again without a compass is his secret,and he died with it in him.
his language indicates that he came frompolynesia.
he told where he came from, but he couldn't spell well, soone can't find the place on the map, because people who could spellbetter than he could, spelt the resemblance all out of it when they madethe map.
however, it is better to have a map that is spelt right thanone that has information in it.
in new zealand women have the right to vote for members of thelegislature, but they cannot be members themselves.
the law extendingthe suffrage to them went into effect in 1893.  the population ofchristchurch (census of 1891) was 31,454.  the first election under thelaw was held in november of that year.
number of men who voted, 6,313;number of women who voted, 5,989.  these figures ought to convince usthat women are not as indifferent about politics as some people wouldhave us believe.
in new zealand as a whole, the estimated adult femalepopulation was 139,915; of these 109,461 qualified and registered theirnames on the rolls 78.23 per cent.
of the whole.
of these, 90,290 wentto the polls and voted--85.18 per cent.
do men ever turn out better thanthat--in america or elsewhere?
here is a remark to the other sex'scredit, too--i take it from the official report:"a feature of the election was the orderliness and sobriety of thepeople.
women were in no way molested."
at home, a standing argument against woman suffrage has always been thatwomen could not go to the polls without being insulted.
the argumentsagainst woman suffrage have always taken the easy form of prophecy.
theprophets have been prophesying ever since the woman's rights movementbegan in 1848--and in forty-seven years they have never scored a hit.
men ought to begin to feel a sort of respect for their mothers and wivesand sisters by this time.
the women deserve a change of attitude likethat, for they have wrought well.
in forty-seven years they have sweptan imposingly large number of unfair laws from the statute books ofamerica.
in that brief time these serfs have set themselves free--essentially.
men could not have done so much for themselves in that timewithout bloodshed--at least they never have; and that is argument thatthey didn't know how.
the women have accomplished a peaceful revolution,and a very beneficent one; and yet that has not convinced the average manthat they are intelligent, and have courage and energy and perseveranceand fortitude.
it takes much to convince the average man of anything;and perhaps nothing can ever make him realize that he is the averagewoman's inferior--yet in several important details the evidence seems toshow that that is what he is.
man has ruled the human race from thebeginning--but he should remember that up to the middle of the presentcentury it was a dull world, and ignorant and stupid; but it is not sucha dull world now, and is growing less and less dull all the time.
thisis woman's opportunity--she has had none before.
i wonder where man willbe in another forty-seven years?
in the new zealand law occurs this: "the word person wherever it occursthroughout the act includes woman."
that is promotion, you see.
by that enlargement of the word, the matronwith the garnered wisdom and experience of fifty years becomes at onejump the political equal of her callow kid of twenty-one.
the whitepopulation of the colony is 626,000, the maori population is 42,000.  thewhites elect seventy members of the house of representatives, the maorisfour.
the maori women vote for their four members.
november 16.   after four pleasant days in christchurch, we are to leaveat midnight to-night.
mr. kinsey gave me an ornithorhynchus, and i amtaming it.
sailed last night in the flora, from lyttelton.
so we did.
i remember it yet.
the people who sailed in the flora thatnight may forget some other things if they live a good while, but theywill not live long enough to forget that.
the flora is about theequivalent of a cattle-scow; but when the union company find itinconvenient to keep a contract and lucrative to break it, they smuggleher into passenger service, and "keep the change."
they give no notice of their projected depredation; you innocently buytickets for the advertised passenger boat, and when you get down tolyttelton at midnight, you find that they have substituted the scow.
they have plenty of good boats, but no competition--and that is thetrouble.
it is too late now to make other arrangements if you haveengagements ahead.
it is a powerful company, it has a monopoly, and everybody is afraid ofit--including the government's representative, who stands at the end ofthe stage-plank to tally the passengers and see that no boat receives agreater number than the law allows her to carry.
this conveniently-blindrepresentative saw the scow receive a number which was far in excess ofits privilege, and winked a politic wink and said nothing.
thepassengers bore with meekness the cheat which had been put upon them, andmade no complaint.
it was like being at home in america, where abused passengers act in justthe same way.
a few days before, the union company had discharged acaptain for getting a boat into danger, and had advertised this act asevidence of its vigilance in looking after the safety of the passengers--for thugging a captain costs the company nothing, but when opportunityoffered to send this dangerously overcrowded tub to sea and save a littletrouble and a tidy penny by it, it forgot to worry about the passenger'ssafety.
the first officer told me that the flora was privileged to carry 125passengers.
she must have had all of 200 on board.
all the cabins werefull, all the cattle-stalls in the main stable were full, the spaces atthe heads of companionways were full, every inch of floor and table inthe swill-room was packed with sleeping men and remained so until theplace was required for breakfast, all the chairs and benches on thehurricane deck were occupied, and still there were people who had to walkabout all night!
if the flora had gone down that night, half of the people on board wouldhave been wholly without means of escape.
the owners of that boat were not technically guilty of conspiracy tocommit murder, but they were morally guilty of it.
i had a cattle-stall in the main stable--a cavern fitted up with a longdouble file of two-storied bunks, the files separated by a calicopartition--twenty men and boys on one side of it, twenty women and girlson the other.
the place was as dark as the soul of the union company,and smelt like a kennel.
when the vessel got out into the heavy seas andbegan to pitch and wallow, the cavern prisoners became immediatelyseasick, and then the peculiar results that ensued laid all my previousexperiences of the kind well away in the shade.
and the wails, thegroans, the cries, the shrieks, the strange ejaculations--it waswonderful.
the women and children and some of the men and boys spent the night inthat place, for they were too ill to leave it; but the rest of us got up,by and by, and finished the night on the hurricane-deck.
that boat was the foulest i was ever in; and the smell of the breakfastsaloon when we threaded our way among the layers of steaming passengersstretched upon its floor and its tables was incomparable for efficiency.
a good many of us got ashore at the first way-port to seek another ship.
after a wait of three hours we got good rooms in the mahinapua, a weelittle bridal-parlor of a boat--only 205 tons burthen; clean andcomfortable; good service; good beds; good table, and no crowding.
theseas danced her about like a duck, but she was safe and capable.
next morning early she went through the french pass--a narrow gateway ofrock, between bold headlands--so narrow, in fact, that it seemed no widerthan a street.
the current tore through there like a mill-race, and theboat darted through like a telegram.
the passage was made in half aminute; then we were in a wide place where noble vast eddies sweptgrandly round and round in shoal water, and i wondered what they would dowith the little boat.
they did as they pleased with her.
they pickedher up and flung her around like nothing and landed her gently on thesolid, smooth bottom of sand--so gently, indeed, that we barely felt hertouch it, barely felt her quiver when she came to a standstill.
thewater was as clear as glass, the sand on the bottom was vividly distinct,and the fishes seemed to be swimming about in nothing.
fishing lineswere brought out, but before we could bait the hooks the boat was off andaway again.
we soon reached the town of nelson, and spent the most of the day there,visiting acquaintances and driving with them about the garden--the wholeregion is a garden, excepting the scene of the "maungatapu murders," ofthirty years ago.
that is a wild place--wild and lonely; an ideal placefor a murder.
it is at the base of a vast, rugged, densely timberedmountain.
in the deep twilight of that forest solitude four desperaterascals--burgess, sullivan, levy, and kelley--ambushed themselves besidethe mountain-trail to murder and rob four travelers--kempthorne, mathieu,dudley, and de pontius, the latter a new yorker.
a harmless old laboringman came wandering along, and as his presence was an embarrassment, theychoked him, hid him, and then resumed their watch for the four.
they hadto wait a while, but eventually everything turned out as they desired.
that dark episode is the one large event in the history of nelson.
thefame of it traveled far.
burgess made a confession.
it is a remarkablepaper.
for brevity, succinctness, and concentration, it is perhapswithout its peer in the literature of murder.
there are no waste wordsin it; there is no obtrusion of matter not pertinent to the occasion, norany departure from the dispassionate tone proper to a formal businessstatement--for that is what it is: a business statement of a murder, bythe chief engineer of it, or superintendent, or foreman, or whatever onemay prefer to call him.
"we were getting impatient, when we saw four men and a pack-horse     coming.
i left my cover and had a look at the men, for levy had     told me that mathieu was a small man and wore a large beard, and     that it was a chestnut horse.
i said, 'here they come.'
they were     then a good distance away; i took the caps off my gun, and put fresh     ones on.
i said, 'you keep where you are, i'll put them up, and you     give me your gun while you tie them.'
it was arranged as i have     described.
the men came; they arrived within about fifteen yards     when i stepped up and said, 'stand!
that means all of     them to get together.
i made them fall back on the upper side of     the road with their faces up the range, and sullivan brought me his     gun, and then tied their hands behind them.
the horse was very     quiet all the time, he did not move.
when they were all tied,     sullivan took the horse up the hill, and put him in the bush; he cut     the rope and let the swags--[a "swag" is a kit, a pack, small     baggage.]
--fall on the ground, and then came to me.
we then marched     the men down the incline to the creek; the water at this time barely     running.
up this creek we took the men; we went, i daresay, five or     six hundred yards up it, which took us nearly half-an-hour to     accomplish.
then we turned to the right up the range; we went, i     daresay, one hundred and fifty yards from the creek, and there we     sat down with the men.
i said to sullivan, 'put down your gun and     search these men,' which he did.
i asked them their several names;     they told me.
i asked them if they were expected at nelson.
they     said, 'no.'
if such their lives would have been spared.
in money     we took l60 odd.
i said, 'is this all you have?
you had better     tell me.'
sullivan said, 'here is a bag of gold.'
i said, 'what's on     that pack-horse?
is there any gold?'
when kempthorne said, 'yes,     my gold is in the portmanteau, and i trust you will not take it     all.'
'well,' i said, 'we must take you away one at a time, because     the range is steep just here, and then we will let you go.'
they     said, 'all right,' most cheerfully.
we tied their feet, and took     dudley with us; we went about sixty yards with him.
this was     through a scrub.
it was arranged the night previously that it would     be best to choke them, in case the report of the arms might be heard     from the road, and if they were missed they never would be found.
so we tied a handkerchief over his eyes, when sullivan took the sash     off his waist, put it round his neck, and so strangled him.
sullivan, after i had killed the old laboring man, found fault with     the way he was choked.
he said, 'the next we do i'll show you my     way.'
i said, 'i have never done such a thing before.
i have shot     a man, but never choked one.'
we returned to the others, when     kempthorne said, 'what noise was that?'
i said it was caused by     breaking through the scrub.
this was taking too much time, so it     was agreed to shoot them.
with that i said, 'we'll take you no     further, but separate you, and then loose one of you, and he can     relieve the others.'
so with that, sullivan took de pontius to the     left of where kempthorne was sitting.
i took mathieu to the right.
i tied a strap round his legs, and shot him with a revolver.
he     yelled, i ran from him with my gun in my hand, i sighted kempthorne,     who had risen to his feet.
i presented the gun, and shot him behind     the right ear; his life's blood welled from him, and he died     instantaneously.
sullivan had shot de pontius in the meantime,     and then came to me.
i said, 'look to mathieu,' indicating the spot     where he lay.
he shortly returned and said, 'i had to "chiv" that     fellow, he was not dead,' a cant word, meaning that he had to stab     him.
returning to the road we passed where de pontius lay and was     dead.
sullivan said, 'this is the digger, the others were all     storekeepers; this is the digger, let's cover him up, for should the     others be found, they'll think he done it and sloped,' meaning he     had gone.
so with that we threw all the stones on him, and then     left him.
this bloody work took nearly an hour and a half from the     time we stopped the men."
anyone who reads that confession will think that the man who wrote it wasdestitute of emotions, destitute of feeling.
that is partly true.
asregarded others he was plainly without feeling--utterly cold andpitiless; but as regarded himself the case was different.
while he carednothing for the future of the murdered men, he cared a great deal for hisown.
it makes one's flesh creep to read the introduction to hisconfession.
the judge on the bench characterized it as "scandalouslyblasphemous," and it certainly reads so, but burgess meant no blasphemy.
he was merely a brute, and whatever he said or wrote was sure to exposethe fact.
his redemption was a very real thing to him, and he was asjubilantly happy on the gallows as ever was christian martyr at thestake.
we dwellers in this world are strangely made, and mysteriouslycircumstanced.
we have to suppose that the murdered men are lost, andthat burgess is saved; but we cannot suppress our natural regrets.
"written in my dungeon drear this 7th of august, in the year of     grace, 1866.  to god be ascribed all power and glory in subduing the     rebellious spirit of a most guilty wretch, who has been brought,     through the instrumentality of a faithful follower of christ, to see     his wretched and guilty state, inasmuch as hitherto he has led an     awful and wretched life, and through the assurance of this faithful     soldier of christ, he has been led and also believes that christ     will yet receive and cleanse him from all his deep-dyed and bloody     sins.
i lie under the imputation which says, 'come now and let us     reason together, saith the lord: though your sins be as scarlet,     they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson,     they shall be as wool.'
on this promise i rely."
we sailed in the afternoon late, spent a few hours at new plymouth, thensailed again and reached auckland the next day, november 20th, andremained in that fine city several days.
its situation is commanding,and the sea-view is superb.
there are charming drives all about, and bycourtesy of friends we had opportunity to enjoy them.
from the grassycrater-summit of mount eden one's eye ranges over a grand sweep andvariety of scenery--forests clothed in luxuriant foliage, rolling greenfields, conflagrations of flowers, receding and dimming stretches ofgreen plain, broken by lofty and symmetrical old craters--then the bluebays twinkling and sparkling away into the dreamy distances where themountains loom spiritual in their veils of haze.
it is from auckland that one goes to rotorua, the region of the renownedhot lakes and geysers--one of the chief wonders of new zealand; but i wasnot well enough to make the trip.
the government has a sanitorium there,and everything is comfortable for the tourist and the invalid.
thegovernment's official physician is almost over-cautious in his estimatesof the efficacy of the baths, when he is talking about rheumatism, gout,paralysis, and such things; but when he is talking about theeffectiveness of the waters in eradicating the whisky-habit, he seems tohave no reserves.
the baths will cure the drinking-habit no matter howchronic it is--and cure it so effectually that even the desire to drinkintoxicants will come no more.
there should be a rush from europe andamerica to that place; and when the victims of alcoholism find out whatthey can get by going there, the rush will begin.
the thermal-springs district of new zealand comprises an area of upwardsof 600,000 acres, or close on 1,000 square miles.
rotorua is thefavorite place.
it is the center of a rich field of lake and mountainscenery; from rotorua as a base the pleasure-seeker makes excursions.
the crowd of sick people is great, and growing.
rotorua is the carlsbadof australasia.
it is from auckland that the kauri gum is shipped.
for a long time nowabout 8,000 tons of it have been brought into the town per year.
it isworth about $300 per ton, unassorted; assorted, the finest grades areworth about $1,000.
it goes to america, chiefly.
it is in lumps, and ishard and smooth, and looks like amber--the light-colored like new amber,and the dark brown like rich old amber.
and it has the pleasant feel ofamber, too.
some of the light-colored samples were a tolerably faircounterfeit of uncut south african diamonds, they were so perfectlysmooth and polished and transparent.
it is manufactured into varnish; avarnish which answers for copal varnish and is cheaper.
the gum is dug up out of the ground; it has been there for ages.
it isthe sap of the kauri tree.
dr. campbell of auckland told me he sent acargo of it to england fifty years ago, but nothing came of the venture.
nobody knew what to do with it; so it was sold at l5 a ton, to lightfires with.
november 26--3 p.m., sailed.
vast and beautiful harbor.
land all aboutfor hours.
tangariwa, the mountain that "has the same shape from everypoint of view."
that is the common belief in auckland.
and so it has--from every point of view except thirteen.
perfect summer weather.
largeschool of whales in the distance.
nothing could be daintier than thepuffs of vapor they spout up, when seen against the pink glory of thesinking sun, or against the dark mass of an island reposing in the deepblue shadow of a storm cloud .
great barrier rock standing upout of the sea away to the left.
sometime ago a ship hit it full speedin a fog--20 miles out of her course--140 lives lost; the captaincommitted suicide without waiting a moment.
he knew that, whether he wasto blame or not, the company owning the vessel would discharge him andmake a devotion--to--passengers' safety advertisement out of it, and hischance to make a livelihood would be permanently gone.
november 27.   to-day we reached gisborne, and anchored in a big bay;there was a heavy sea on, so we remained on board.
we were a mile from shore; a little steam-tug put out from the land; shewas an object of thrilling interest; she would climb to the summit of abillow, reel drunkenly there a moment, dim and gray in the driving stormof spindrift, then make a plunge like a diver and remain out of sightuntil one had given her up, then up she would dart again, on a steepslant toward the sky, shedding niagaras of water from her forecastle--andthis she kept up, all the way out to us.
she brought twenty-fivepassengers in her stomach--men and women--mainly a traveling dramaticcompany.
in sight on deck were the crew, in sou'westers, yellowwaterproof canvas suits, and boots to the thigh.
the deck was neverquiet for a moment, and seldom nearer level than a ladder, and noble werethe seas which leapt aboard and went flooding aft.
we rove a long lineto the yard-arm, hung a most primitive basketchair to it and swung it outinto the spacious air of heaven, and there it swayed, pendulum-fashion,waiting for its chance--then down it shot, skillfully aimed, and wasgrabbed by the two men on the forecastle.
a young fellow belonging toour crew was in the chair, to be a protection to the lady-comers.
atonce a couple of ladies appeared from below, took seats in his lap, wehoisted them into the sky, waited a moment till the roll of the shipbrought them in overhead, then we lowered suddenly away, and seized thechair as it struck the deck.
we took the twenty-five aboard, anddelivered twenty-five into the tug--among them several aged ladies, andone blind one--and all without accident.
it was a fine piece of work.
ours is a nice ship, roomy, comfortable, well-ordered, and satisfactory.
now and then we step on a rat in a hotel, but we have had no rats onshipboard lately; unless, perhaps in the flora; we had more seriousthings to think of there, and did not notice.
i have noticed that it isonly in ships and hotels which still employ the odious chinese gong, thatyou find rats.
the reason would seem to be, that as a rat cannot tellthe time of day by a clock, he won't stay where he cannot find out whendinner is ready.
november 29.  the doctor tells me of several old drunkards, onespiritless loafer, and several far-gone moral wrecks who have beenreclaimed by the salvation army and have remained staunch people and hardworkers these two years.
wherever one goes, these testimonials to thearmy's efficiency are forthcoming .
this morning we had one ofthose whizzing green ballarat flies in the room, with his stunningbuzz-saw noise--the swiftest creature in the world except thelightning-flash.
it is a stupendous force that is stored up in thatlittle body.
if we had it in a ship in the same proportion, we could spinfrom liverpool to new york in the space of an hour--the time it takes toeat luncheon.
the new zealand express train is called the ballarat fly.
bad teeth in the colonies.
a citizen told me they don't haveteeth filled, but pull them out and put in false ones, and that now andthen one sees a young lady with a full set.
she is fortunate.
i wish ihad been born with false teeth and a false liver and false carbuncles.
i should get along better.
december 2.  monday.
left napier in the ballarat fly the one that goestwice a week.
from napier to hastings, twelve miles; time, fifty-fiveminutes--not so far short of thirteen miles an hour .
a perfectsummer day; cool breeze, brilliant sky, rich vegetation.
two or threetimes during the afternoon we saw wonderfully dense and beautifulforests, tumultuously piled skyward on the broken highlands--not thecustomary roof-like slant of a hillside, where the trees are all the sameheight.
the noblest of these trees were of the kauri breed, we were told--the timber that is now furnishing the wood-paving for europe, and isthebest of all wood for that purpose.
sometimes these towering upheavals offorestry were festooned and garlanded with vine-cables, and sometimes themasses of undergrowth were cocooned in another sort of vine of a delicatecobwebby texture--they call it the "supplejack," i think.
tree fernseverywhere--a stem fifteen feet high, with a graceful chalice offern-fronds sprouting from its top--a lovely forest ornament.
and therewas a ten-foot reed with a flowing suit of what looked like yellow hairhanging from its upper end.
i do not know its name, but if there is sucha thing as a scalp-plant, this is it.
a romantic gorge, with a brookflowing in its bottom, approaching palmerston north.
twenty minutes for luncheon.
with me sat my wife anddaughter, and my manager, mr. carlyle smythe.
i sat at the head of thetable, and could see the right-hand wall; the others had their backs toit.
on that wall, at a good distance away, were a couple of framedpictures.
i could not see them clearly, but from the groupings of thefigures i fancied that they represented the killing of napoleon iii's sonby the zulus in south africa.
i broke into the conversation, which wasabout poetry and cabbage and art, and said to my wife--"do you remember when the news came to paris----""of the killing of the prince?"
(those were the very words i had in my mind.)
"yes, but what prince?"
"what made you think of that?"
"i don't know."
there was no collusion.
she had not seen the pictures, and they had notbeen mentioned.
she ought to have thought of some recent news that cameto paris, for we were but seven months from there and had been livingthere a couple of years when we started on this trip; but instead of thatshe thought of an incident of our brief sojourn in paris of sixteen yearsbefore.
here was a clear case of mental telegraphy; of mind-transference; of mymind telegraphing a thought into hers.
how do i know?
because itelegraphed an error.
for it turned out that the pictures did notrepresent the killing of lulu at all, nor anything connected with lulu.
she had to get the error from my head--it existed nowhere else.
wauganui, december 3.  a pleasant trip, yesterday, per ballarat fly.
i do not know the distance, but it must have been well alongtoward fifty miles.
the fly could have spun it out to eight hours andnot discommoded me; for where there is comfort, and no need for hurry,speed is of no value--at least to me; and nothing that goes on wheels canbe more comfortable, more satisfactory, than the new zealand trains.
outside of america there are no cars that are so rationally devised.
when you add the constant presence of charming scenery and the nearlyconstant absence of dust--well, if one is not content then, he ought toget out and walk.
that would change his spirit, perhaps?
i think so.
at the end of an hour you would find him waiting humbly beside the track,and glad to be taken aboard again.
much horseback riding, in and around this town; many comely girls in cooland pretty summer gowns; much salvation army; lots of maoris; the facesand bodies of some of the old ones very tastefully frescoed.
maoricouncil house over the river--large, strong, carpeted from end to endwithmatting, and decorated with elaborate wood carvings, artisticallyexecuted.
the maoris were very polite.
i was assured by a member of the house of representatives that the nativerace is not decreasing, but actually increasing slightly.
it is anotherevidence that they are a superior breed of savages.
i do not call tomind any savage race that built such good houses, or such strong andingenious and scientific fortresses, or gave so much attention toagriculture, or had military arts and devices which so nearly approachedthe white man's.
these, taken together with their high abilities inboat-building, and their tastes and capacities in the ornamental artsmodify their savagery to a semi-civilization--or at least to,a quarter-civilization.
it is a compliment to them that the british did not exterminate them, asthey did the australians and the tasmanians, but were content withsubduing them, and showed no desire to go further.
and it is anothercompliment to them that the british did not take the whole of theirchoicest lands, but left them a considerable part, and then went furtherand protected them from the rapacities of landsharks--a protection whichthe new zealand government still extends to them.
and it is stillanother compliment to the maoris that the government allows nativerepresentation--in both the legislature and the cabinet, and gives bothsexes the vote.
and in doing these things the government alsocompliments itself; it has not been the custom of the world forconquerors to act in this large spirit toward the conquered.
the highest class white men who lived among the maoris in the earliesttime had a high opinion of them and a strong affection for them.
amongthe whites of this sort was the author of "old new zealand;" and dr.campbell of auckland was another.
dr. campbell was a close friend ofseveral chiefs, and has many pleasant things to say of their fidelity,their magnanimity, and their generosity.
also of their quaint notionsabout the white man's queer civilization, and their equally quaintcomments upon it.
one of them thought the missionary had got everythingwrong end first and upside down.
"why, he wants us to stop worshipingand supplicating the evil gods, and go to worshiping and supplicating thegood one!
there is no sense in that.
a good god is not going to do usany harm."
the maoris had the tabu; and had it on a polynesian scale ofcomprehensiveness and elaboration.
some of its features could have beenimportations from india and judea.
neither the maori nor the hindoo ofcommon degree could cook by a fire that a person of higher caste hadused, nor could the high maori or high hindoo employ fire that had serveda man of low grade; if a low-grade maori or hindoo drank from a vesselbelonging to a high-grade man, the vessel was defiled, and had to bedestroyed.
there were other resemblances between maori tabu and hindoocaste-custom.
yesterday a lunatic burst into my quarters and warned me that the jesuitswere going to "cook" (poison) me in my food, or kill me on the stage atnight.
he said a mysterious sign was visible upon my posters and meantmy death.
he said he saved rev.
mr. haweis's life by warning him thatthere were three men on his platform who would kill him if he took hiseyes off them for a moment during his lecture.
the same men were in myaudience last night, but they saw that he was there.
"will they be thereagain to-night?"
he hesitated; then said no, he thought they wouldrather take a rest and chance the poison.
this lunatic has no delicacy.
but he was not uninteresting.
he told me a lot of things.
he said hehad "saved so many lecturers in twenty years, that they put him in theasylum."
i think he has less refinement than any lunatic i have met.
december 8.  a couple of curious war-monuments here at wanganui.
one isin honor of white men "who fell in defence of law and order againstfanaticism and barbarism."
we americans are english inblood, english in speech, english in religion, english in the essentialsof our governmental system, english in the essentials of ourcivilization; and so, let us hope, for the honor of the blend, for thehonor of the blood, for the honor of the race, that that word got therethrough lack of heedfulness, and will not be suffered to remain.
if youcarve it at thermopylae, or where winkelried died, or upon bunker hillmonument, and read it again "who fell in defence of law and order againstfanaticism" you will perceive what the word means, and how mischosen itis.
patriotism is patriotism.
calling it fanaticism cannot degrade it;nothing can degrade it.
even though it be a political mistake, and athousand times a political mistake, that does not affect it; it ishonorabl--always honorable, always noble--and privileged to hold its headup and look the nations in the face.
it is right to praise these bravewhite men who fell in the maori war--they deserve it; but the presence ofthat word detracts from the dignity of their cause and their deeds, andmakes them appear to have spilt their blood in a conflict with ignoblemen, men not worthy of that costly sacrifice.
but the men were worthy.
it was no shame to fight them.
they fought for their homes, they foughtfor their country; they bravely fought and bravely fell; and it wouldtake nothing from the honor of the brave englishmen who lie under themonument, but add to it, to say that they died in defense of english lawsand english homes against men worthy of the sacrifice--the maoripatriots.
the other monument cannot be rectified.
except with dynamite.
it is amistake all through, and a strangely thoughtless one.
it is a monumenterected by white men to maoris who fell fighting with the whites andagainst their own people, in the maori war.
"sacred to the memory of thebrave men who fell on the 14th of may, 1864," etc.
on one side are thenames of about twenty maoris.
it is not a fancy of mine; the monumentexists.
i saw it.
it is an object-lesson to the rising generation.
itinvites to treachery, disloyalty, unpatriotism.
its lesson, in frankterms is, "desert your flag, slay your people, burn their homes, shameyour nationality--we honor such."
december 9.  wellington.
ten hours from wanganui by the fly.
december 12.  it is a fine city and nobly situated.
a busy place, andfull of life and movement.
have spent the three days partly in walkingabout, partly in enjoying social privileges, and largely in idling aroundthe magnificent garden at hutt, a little distance away, around the shore.
i suppose we shall not see such another one soon.
we are packing to-night for the return-voyage to australia.
our stay innew zealand has been too brief; still, we are not unthankful for theglimpse which we have had of it.
the sturdy maoris made the settlement of the country by the whites ratherdifficult.
not at first--but later.
at first they welcomed the whites,and were eager to trade with them--particularly for muskets; for theirpastime was internecine war, and they greatly preferred the white man'sweapons to their own.
war was their pastime--i use the word advisedly.
they often met and slaughtered each other just for a lark, and when therewas no quarrel.
the author of "old new zealand" mentions a case where avictorious army could have followed up its advantage and exterminated theopposing army, but declined to do it; explaining naively that "if we didthat, there couldn't be any more fighting."
in another battle one armysent word that it was out of ammunition, and would be obliged to stopunless the opposing army would send some.
it was sent, and the fightwent on.
in the early days things went well enough.
the natives sold land withoutclearly understanding the terms of exchange, and the whites bought itwithout being much disturbed about the native's confusion of mind.
butby and by the maori began to comprehend that he was being wronged; thenthere was trouble, for he was not the man to swallow a wrong and go asideand cry about it.
he had the tasmanian's spirit and endurance, and anotable share of military science besides; and so he rose against theoppressor, did this gallant "fanatic," and started a war that was notbrought to a definite end until more than a generation had sped.
names are not always what they seem.
the common welsh name bzjxxllwep ispronounced jackson.
--pudd'nhead wilson's new calendar.
friday, december 13.   sailed, at 3 p.m., in the 'mararoa'.
summer seasand a good ship--life has nothing better.
three days of paradise.
warm and sunny and smooth; the sea aluminous mediterranean blue .
one lolls in a long chair all dayunder deck-awnings, and reads and smokes, in measureless content.
onedoes not read prose at such a time, but poetry.
i have been reading thepoems of mrs. julia a. moore, again, and i find in them the same graceand melody that attracted me when they were first published, twenty yearsago, and have held me in happy bonds ever since.
"the sentimental song book" has long been out of print, and has beenforgotten by the world in general, but not by me.
i carry it with mealways--it and goldsmith's deathless story.
indeed, it has the same deep charm for me that the vicar of wakefieldhas, and i find in it the same subtle touch--the touch that makes anintentionally humorous episode pathetic and an intentionally pathetic onefunny.
in her time mrs. moore was called "the sweet singer of michigan,"and was best known by that name.
i have read her book through twicetoday, with the purpose of determining which of her pieces has mostmerit, and i am persuaded that for wide grasp and sustained power,"william upson" may claim first place:william upson.
air--"the major's only son."
come all good people far and near,oh, come and see what you can hear,it's of a young man true and brave,that is now sleeping in his grave.
now, william upson was his nameif it's not that, it's all the samehe did enlist in a cruel strife,and it caused him to lose his life.
he was perry upson's eldest son,his father loved his noble son,this son was nineteen years of agewhen first in the rebellion he engaged.
his father said that he might go,but his dear mother she said no,"oh!
stay at home, dear billy," she said,but she could not turn his head.
he went to nashville, in tennessee,there his kind friends he could not see;he died among strangers, so far away,they did not know where his body lay.
he was taken sick and lived four weeks,and oh!
how his parents weep,but now they must in sorrow mourn,for billy has gone to his heavenly home.
if his mother could have seen her son,for she loved him, her darling son;if she could heard his dying prayer,it would ease her heart till she met him there.
how it would relieve his mother's heartto see her son from this world depart,and hear his noble words of love,as he left this world for that above.
now it will relieve his mother's heart,for her son is laid in our graveyard;for now she knows that his grave is near,she will not shed so many tears.
although she knows not that it was her son,for his coffin could not be openedit might be someone in his place,for she could not see his noble face.
december, 17.  reached sydney.
december, 19.  in the train.
fellow of 30 with four valises; a slimcreature, with teeth which made his mouth look like a neglectedchurchyard.
he had solidified hair--solidified with pomatum; it was allone shell.
he smoked the most extraordinary cigarettes--made of somekind of manure, apparently.
these and his hair made him smell like thevery nation.
he had a low-cut vest on, which exposed a deal of frayedand broken and unclean shirtfront.
showy studs, of imitation gold--theyhad made black disks on the linen.
oversized sleeve buttons of imitationgold, the copper base showing through.
ponderous watch-chain ofimitation gold.
i judge that he couldn't tell the time by it, for heasked smythe what time it was, once.
he wore a coat which had been gaywhen it was young; 5-o'clock-tea-trousers of a light tint, andmarvelously soiled; yellow mustache with a dashing upward whirl at theends; foxy shoes, imitation patent leather.
he was a novelty--animitation dude.
he would have been a real one if he could have affordedit.
but he was satisfied with himself.
you could see it in hisexpression, and in all his attitudes and movements.
he was living in adude dreamland where all his squalid shams were genuine, and himself asincerity.
it disarmed criticism, it mollified spite, to see him soenjoy his imitation languors, and arts, and airs, and his studieddaintinesses of gesture and misbegotten refinements.
it was plain to methat he was imagining himself the prince of wales, and was doingeverything the way he thought the prince would do it.
for bringing hisfour valises aboard and stowing them in the nettings, he gave his porterfour cents, and lightly apologized for the smallness of the gratuity--just with the condescendingest little royal air in the world.
hestretched himself out on the front seat and rested his pomatum-cake onthe middle arm, and stuck his feet out of the window, and began to poseas the prince and work his dreams and languors for exhibition; and hewould indolently watch the blue films curling up from his cigarette, andinhale the stench, and look so grateful; and would flip the ash away withthe daintiest gesture, unintentionally displaying his brass ring in themost intentional way; why, it was as good as being in marlborough houseitself to see him do it so like.
there was other scenery in the trip.
that of the hawksbury river, in thenational park region, fine--extraordinarily fine, with spacious views ofstream and lake imposingly framed in woody hills; and every now and thenthe noblest groupings of mountains, and the most enchantingrearrangements of the water effects.
further along, green flats, thinlycovered with gum forests, with here and there the huts and cabins ofsmall farmers engaged in raising children.
still further along, aridstretches, lifeless and melancholy.
then newcastle, a rushing town,capital of the rich coal regions.
approaching scone, wide farming andgrazing levels, with pretty frequent glimpses of a troublesome plant--aparticularly devilish little prickly pear, daily damned in the orisons ofthe agriculturist; imported by a lady of sentiment, and contributedgratis to the colony.
blazing hot, all day.
december 20.  back to sydney.
blazing hot again.
from the newspaper,and from the map, i have made a collection of curious names ofaustralasian towns, with the idea of making a poem out of them:tumuttakeemurriwillumbabowralballaratmullengudgerymurrurundiwagga-waggawyalongmurrumbidgeegoomeroowollowaywangarywanillaworrowkoppioyankalillayaranyackayackamoorundiekaiwakacoomoorootaurangageelongtongarirokaikourawakatipuoohiparawaitpingagoelwamunno paranangkitamypongakapundakooringapenolanangwarrykongorongcomaumkoolywurtiekillanoolanaracoortemuloowurtiebinnumwallaroowirregamundoorahaurakirangiririteawamutetaranakitoowoombagoondiwindijerrilderiewhangaroawollongongwoolloomooloobombolacoolgardiebendigocoonamblecootamundrawoolgoolgamittagongjamberookondoparingakuitpotungkillooukaparingatalungayatalaparawirramoorooroowhangareiwoolundungabooleroopernattyparramattataroomnarranderadeniliquinkawakawa.
it may be best to build the poem now, and make the weather help                    a sweltering day in australia.
(to be read soft and low, with the lights turned down.)
the bombola faints in the hot bowral tree,               where fierce mullengudgery's smothering fires               far from the breezes of coolgardie               burn ghastly and blue as the day expires;               and murriwillumba complaineth in song               for the garlanded bowers of woolloomooloo,               and the ballarat fly and the lone wollongong               they dream of the gardens of jamberoo;               the wallabi sighs for the murrubidgee,               for the velvety sod of the munno parah,               where the waters of healing from muloowurtie               flow dim in the gloaming by yaranyackah;               the koppio sorrows for lost wolloway,               and sigheth in secret for murrurundi,               the whangeroo wombat lamenteth the day               that made him an exile from jerrilderie;               the teawamute tumut from wirrega's glade,               the nangkita swallow, the wallaroo swan,               they long for the peace of the timaru shade               and thy balmy soft airs, o sweet mittagong!
the kooringa buffalo pants in the sun,               the kondoparinga lies gaping for breath,               the kongorong camaum to the shadow has won,               but the goomeroo sinks in the slumber of death;               in the weltering hell of the moorooroo plain               the yatala wangary withers and dies,               and the worrow wanilla, demented with pain,               to the woolgoolga woodlands despairingly flies;               sweet nangwarry's desolate, coonamble wails,               and tungkillo kuito in sables is drest,               for the whangerei winds fall asleep in the sails               and the booleroo life-breeze is dead in the west.
mypongo, kapunda, o slumber no more               yankalilla, parawirra, be warned               there's death in the air!
killanoola, wherefore               shall the prayer of penola be scorned?
cootamundra, and takee, and wakatipu,               toowoomba, kaikoura are lost               from onkaparinga to far oamaru               all burn in this hell's holocaust!
paramatta and binnum are gone to their rest               in the vale of tapanni taroom,               kawakawa, deniliquin--all that was best               in the earth are but graves and a tomb!
narrandera mourns, cameron answers not               when the roll of the scathless we cry               tongariro, goondiwindi, woolundunga, the spot               is mute and forlorn where ye lie.
those are good words for poetry.
among the best i have ever seen.
there are 81 in the list.
i did not need them all, but i have knockeddown 66 of them; which is a good bag, it seems to me, for a person not inthe business.
perhaps a poet laureate could do better, but a poetlaureate gets wages, and that is different.
when i write poetry i do notget any wages; often i lose money by it.
the best word in that list, andthe most musical and gurgly, is woolloomoolloo.
it is a place nearsydney, and is a favorite pleasure-resort.
it has eight o's in it.
monday,--december 23, 1895.  sailed from sydney for ceylon in the p. & o.steamer 'oceana'.
a lascar crew mans this ship--the first i have seen.
white cotton petticoat and pants; barefoot; red shawl for belt; strawcap, brimless, on head, with red scarf wound around it; complexion a richdark brown; short straight black hair; whiskers fine and silky; lustrousand intensely black.
mild, good faces; willing and obedient people;capable, too; but are said to go into hopeless panics when there isdanger.
they are from bombay and the coast thereabouts.
left some ofthe trunks in sydney, to be shipped to south africa by a vesseladvertised to sail three months hence.
the proverb says: "separate notyourself from your baggage."
this 'oceana' is a stately big ship, luxuriously appointed.
she hasspacious promenade decks.
large rooms; a surpassingly comfortable ship.
the officers' library is well selected; a ship's library is not usuallythat .
for meals, the bugle call, man-of-war fashion; apleasant change from the terrible gong .
three big cats--veryfriendly loafers; they wander all over the ship; the white one followsthe chief steward around like a dog.
there is also a basket of kittens.
one of these cats goes ashore, in port, in england, australia, and india,to see how his various families are getting along, and is seen no moretill the ship is ready to sail.
no one knows how he finds out thesailing date, but no doubt he comes down to the dock every day and takesa look, and when he sees baggage and passengers flocking in, recognizesthat it is time to get aboard.
this is what the sailors believe.
thechief engineer has been in the china and india trade thirty three years,and has had but three christmases at home in that time .
conversational items at dinner, "mocha!
sold all over the world!
it isnot true.
in fact, very few foreigners except the emperor of russia haveever seen a grain of it, or ever will, while they live."
another mansaid: "there is no sale in australia for australian wine.
but it goes tofrance and comes back with a french label on it, and then they buy it."
i have heard that the most of the french-labeled claret in new york ismade in california.
and i remember what professor s. told me once aboutveuve cliquot--if that was the wine, and i think it was.
he was theguest of a great wine merchant whose town was quite near that vineyard,and this merchant asked him if very much v. c. was drunk in america.
"oh, yes," said s., "a great abundance of it."
"is it easy to be had?"
"oh, yes--easy as water.
all first and second-class hotels have it."
"what do you pay for it?"
"it depends on the style of the hotel--from fifteen to twenty-five francsa bottle."
"oh, fortunate country!
why, it's worth 100 francs right here on theground."
"do you mean that we are drinking a bogus veuve-cliquot over there?"
"yes--and there was never a bottle of the genuine in america sincecolumbus's time.
that wine all comes from a little bit of a patch ofground which isn't big enough to raise many bottles; and all of it thatis produced goes every year to one person--the emperor of russia.
hetakes the whole crop in advance, be it big or little."
january 4, 1896.   christmas in melbourne, new year's day in adelaide,and saw most of the friends again in both places .
lying hereat anchor all day--albany (king george's sound), western australia.
itis a perfectly landlocked harbor, or roadstead--spacious to look at, butnot deep water.
desolate-looking rocks and scarred hills.
plenty ofships arriving now, rushing to the new gold-fields.
the papers are fullof wonderful tales of the sort always to be heard in connection with newgold diggings.
a sample: a youth staked out a claim and tried to sellhalf for l5; no takers; he stuck to it fourteen days, starving, thenstruck it rich and sold out for l10,000 .
about sunset, strongbreeze blowing, got up the anchor.
we were in a small deep puddle, witha narrow channel leading out of it, minutely buoyed, to the sea.
i stayed on deck to see how we were going to manage it with such a bigship and such a strong wind.
on the bridge our giant captain, inuniform; at his side a little pilot in elaborately gold-laced uniform; onthe forecastle a white mate and quartermaster or two, and a brilliantcrowd of lascars standing by for business.
our stern was pointingstraight at the head of the channel; so we must turn entirely around inthe puddle--and the wind blowing as described.
it was done, andbeautifully.
it was done by help of a jib.
we stirred up much mud, butdid not touch the bottom.
we turned right around in our tracks--aseeming impossibility.
we had several casts of quarter-less 5, and onecast of half 4--27 feet; we were drawing 26 astern.
by the time we wereentirely around and pointed, the first buoy was not more than a hundredyards in front of us.
it was a fine piece of work, and i was the onlypassenger that saw it.
however, the others got their dinner; the p. & o.company got mine .
more cats developed.
smythe says it is abritish law that they must be carried; and he instanced a case of a shipnot allowed to sail till she sent for a couple.
the bill came, too:"debtor, to 2 cats, 20 shillings."
news comes that within thisweek siam has acknowledged herself to be, in effect, a french province.
it seems plain that all savage and semi-civilized countries are going tobe grabbed .
a vulture on board; bald, red, queer-shaped head,featherless red places here and there on his body, intense great blackeyes set in featherless rims of inflamed flesh; dissipated look; abusinesslike style, a selfish, conscienceless, murderous aspect--the verylook of a professional assassin, and yet a bird which does no murder.
what was the use of getting him up in that tragic style for so innocent atrade as his?
for this one isn't the sort that wars upon the living, hisdiet is offal--and the more out of date it is the better he likes it.
nature should give him a suit of rusty black; then he would be all right,for he would look like an undertaker and would harmonize with hisbusiness; whereas the way he is now he is horribly out of true.
january 5.   at 9 this morning we passed cape leeuwin (lioness) andceased from our long due-west course along the southern shore ofaustralia.
turning this extreme southwestern corner, we now take a longstraight slant nearly n. w., without a break, for ceylon.
as we speednorthward it will grow hotter very fast--but it isn't chilly, now.
the vulture is from the public menagerie at adelaide--a great andinteresting collection.
it was there that we saw the baby tiger solemnlyspreading its mouth and trying to roar like its majestic mother.
itswaggered, scowling, back and forth on its short legs just as it had seenher do on her long ones, and now and then snarling viciously, exposingits teeth, with a threatening lift of its upper lip and bristlingmoustache; and when it thought it was impressing the visitors, it wouldspread its mouth wide and do that screechy cry which it meant for a roar,but which did not deceive.
it took itself quite seriously, and waslovably comical.
and there was a hyena--an ugly creature; as ugly as thetiger-kitty was pretty.
it repeatedly arched its back and delivereditself of such a human cry; a startling resemblance; a cry which was justthat of a grown person badly hurt.
in the dark one would assuredly go toits assistance--and be disappointed .
many friends ofaustralasian federation on board.
they feel sure that the good day isnot far off, now.
but there seems to be a party that would go further--have australasia cut loose from the british empire and set uphousekeeping on her own hook.
it seems an unwise idea.
they point tothe united states, but it seems to me that the cases lack a good deal ofbeing alike.
australasia governs herself wholly--there is nointerference; and her commerce and manufactures are not oppressed in anyway.
if our case had been the same we should not have gone out when wedid.
january 13.   unspeakably hot.
the equator is arriving again.
we arewithin eight degrees of it.
dear me, it is beautiful!
and most sumptuously tropical, as to character of foliage and opulence ofit.
"what though the spicy breezes blow soft o'er ceylon's isle"--aneloquent line, an incomparable line; it says little, but conveys wholelibraries of sentiment, and oriental charm and mystery, and tropicdeliciousness--a line that quivers and tingles with a thousandunexpressed and inexpressible things, things that haunt one and find noarticulate voice .
colombo, the capital.
an oriental town,most manifestly; and fascinating.
in this palatial ship the passengers dress for dinner.
the ladies'toilettes make a fine display of color, and this is in keeping with theelegance of the vessel's furnishings and the flooding brilliancies of theelectric light.
on the stormy atlantic one never sees a man in eveningdress, except at the rarest intervals; and then there is only one, nottwo; and he shows up but once on the voyage--the night before the shipmakes port--the night when they have the "concert" and do the amateurwailings and recitations.
he is the tenor, as a rule .
therehas been a deal of cricket-playing on board; it seems a queer game for aship, but they enclose the promenade deck with nettings and keep the ballfrom flying overboard, and the sport goes very well, and is properlyviolent and exciting .
we must part from this vessel here.
january 14.   hotel bristol.
alert, gentle, smiling,winning young brown creature as ever was.
beautiful shining black haircombed back like a woman's, and knotted at the back of his head--tortoise-shell comb in it, sign that he is a singhalese; slender,shapelyform; jacket; under it is a beltless and flowing white cotton gown--fromneck straight to heel; he and his outfit quite unmasculine.
it was anembarrassment to undress before him.
we drove to the market, using the japanese jinriksha--our firstacquaintanceship with it.
it is a light cart, with a native to draw it.
he makes good speed for half-an-hour, but it is hard work for him; he istoo slight for it.
after the half-hour there is no more pleasure foryou; your attention is all on the man, just as it would be on a tiredhorse, and necessarily your sympathy is there too.
there's a plenty ofthese 'rickshas, and the tariff is incredibly cheap.
i was in cairo years ago.
that was oriental, but there was a lack.
whenyou are in florida or new orleans you are in the south--that is granted;but you are not in the south; you are in a modified south, a temperedsouth.
cairo was a tempered orient--an orient with an indefinitesomething wanting.
that feeling was not present in ceylon.
ceylon wasoriental in the last measure of completeness--utterly oriental; alsoutterly tropical; and indeed to one's unreasoning spiritual sense the twothings belong together.
all the requisites were present.
the costumeswere right; the black and brown exposures, unconscious of immodesty, wereright; the juggler was there, with his basket, his snakes, his mongoose,and his arrangements for growing a tree from seed to foliage and ripefruitage before one's eyes; in sight were plants and flowers familiar toone on books but in no other way--celebrated, desirable, strange, but inproduction restricted to the hot belt of the equator; and out a littleway in the country were the proper deadly snakes, and fierce beasts ofprey, and the wild elephant and the monkey.
and there was that swoon inthe air which one associates with the tropics, and that smother of heat,heavy with odors of unknown flowers, and that sudden invasion of purplegloom fissured with lightnings,--then the tumult of crashing thunder andthe downpour and presently all sunny and smiling again; all these thingswere there; the conditions were complete, nothing was lacking.
and awayoff in the deeps of the jungle and in the remotenesses of the mountainswere the ruined cities and mouldering temples, mysterious relics of thepomps of a forgotten time and a vanished race--and this was as it shouldbe, also, for nothing is quite satisfyingly oriental that lacks thesomber and impressive qualities of mystery and antiquity.
the drive through the town and out to the galle face by the seashore,what a dream it was of tropical splendors of bloom and blossom, andoriental conflagrations of costume!
the walking groups of men, women,boys, girls, babies--each individual was a flame, each group a houseafire for color.
and such stunning colors, such intensely vivid colors,such rich and exquisite minglings and fusings of rainbows and lightnings!
and all harmonious, all in perfect taste; never a discordant note; nevera color on any person swearing at another color on him or failing toharmonize faultlessly with the colors of any group the wearer might join.
the stuffs were silk--thin, soft, delicate, clinging; and, as a rule,eachpiece a solid color: a splendid green, a splendid blue, a splendidyellow, a splendid purple, a splendid ruby, deep, and rich withsmouldering fires--they swept continuously by in crowds and legions andmultitudes, glowing, flashing, burning, radiant; and every five secondscame a burst of blinding red that made a body catch his breath, andfilled his heart with joy.
and then, the unimaginable grace of thosecostumes!
sometimes a woman's whole dress was but a scarf wound abouther person and her head, sometimes a man's was but a turban and acareless rag or two--in both cases generous areas of polished dark skinshowing--but always the arrangement compelled the homage of the eye andmade the heart sing for gladness.
i can see it to this day, that radiant panorama, that wilderness of richcolor, that incomparable dissolving-view of harmonious tints, and lithehalf-covered forms, and beautiful brown faces, and gracious and gracefulgestures and attitudes and movements, free, unstudied, barren ofstiffness and restraint, and--just then, into this dream of fairyland and paradise a grating dissonancewas injected.
out of a missionary school came marching, two and two, sixteen prim andpious little christian black girls, europeanly clothed--dressed, to thelast detail, as they would have been dressed on a summer sunday in anenglish or american village.
those clothes--oh, they were unspeakablyugly!
ugly, barbarous, destitute of taste, destitute of grace, repulsiveas a shroud.
i looked at my womenfolk's clothes--just full-grownduplicates of the outrages disguising those poor little abused creatures--and was ashamed to be seen in the street with them.
then i looked atmy own clothes, and was ashamed to be seen in the street with myself.
however, we must put up with our clothes as they are--they have theirreason for existing.
they are on us to expose us--to advertise what wewear them to conceal.
they are a sign; a sign of insincerity; a sign ofsuppressed vanity; a pretense that we despise gorgeous colors and thegraces of harmony and form; and we put them on to propagate that lie andback it up.
but we do not deceive our neighbor; and when we step intoceylon we realize that we have not even deceived ourselves.
we do lovebrilliant colors and graceful costumes; and at home we will turn out in astorm to see them when the procession goes by--and envy the wearers.
wego to the theater to look at them and grieve that we can't be clothedlike that.
we go to the king's ball, when we get a chance, and are gladof a sight of the splendid uniforms and the glittering orders.
when weare granted permission to attend an imperial drawing-room we shutourselves up in private and parade around in the theatrical court-dressby the hour, and admire ourselves in the glass, and are utterly happy;and every member of every governor's staff in democratic america does thesame with his grand new uniform--and if he is not watched he will gethimself photographed in it, too.
when i see the lord mayor's footman iam dissatisfied with my lot.
yes, our clothes are a lie, and have beennothing short of that these hundred years.
they are insincere, they arethe ugly and appropriate outward exposure of an inward sham and a moraldecay.
the last little brown boy i chanced to notice in the crowds and swarms ofcolombo had nothing on but a twine string around his waist, but in mymemory the frank honesty of his costume still stands out in pleasantcontrast with the odious flummery in which the little sunday-schooldowdies were masquerading.
sailed in the rosetta.
this is a poor old ship, andought to be insured and sunk.
as in the 'oceana', just so here:everybody dresses for dinner; they make it a sort of pious duty.
thesefine and formal costumes are a rather conspicuous contrast to the povertyand shabbiness of the surroundings .
if you want a slice of alime at four o'clock tea, you must sign an order on the bar.
limes cost14 cents a barrel.
we have been running up the arabian sea, latterly.
closing up on bombay now, and due to arrive this evening.
a bewitching place, a bewildering place, anenchanting place--the arabian nights come again?
it is a vast city;contains about a million inhabitants.
natives, they are, with a slightsprinkling of white people--not enough to have the slightest modifyingeffect upon the massed dark complexion of the public.
it is winter here,yet the weather is the divine weather of june, and the foliage is thefresh and heavenly foliage of june.
there is a rank of noble great shadetrees across the way from the hotel, and under them sit groups ofpicturesque natives of both sexes; and the juggler in his turban is therewith his snakes and his magic; and all day long the cabs and themultitudinous varieties of costumes flock by.
it does not seem as if onecould ever get tired of watching this moving show, this shining andshifting spectacle .
in the great bazar the pack and jam ofnatives was marvelous, the sea of rich-colored turbans and draperies aninspiring sight, and the quaint and showy indian architecture was justthe right setting for it.
toward sunset another show; this is the drivearound the sea-shore to malabar point, where lord sandhurst, the governorof the bombay presidency, lives.
parsee palaces all along the first partof the drive; and past them all the world is driving; the privatecarriages of wealthy englishmen and natives of rank are manned by adriver and three footmen in stunning oriental liveries--two of theseturbaned statues standing up behind, as fine as monuments.
sometimeseven the public carriages have this superabundant crew, slightlymodified--one to drive, one to sit by and see it done, and one to standup behind and yell--yell when there is anybody in the way, and forpractice when there isn't.
it all helps to keep up the liveliness andaugment the general sense of swiftness and energy and confusion andpow-wow.
in the region of scandal point--felicitous name--where there are handyrocks to sit on and a noble view of the sea on the one hand, and on theother the passing and repassing whirl and tumult of gay carriages, aregreat groups of comfortably-off parsee women--perfect flower-beds ofbrilliant color, a fascinating spectacle.
tramp, tramp, tramping alongthe road, in singles, couples, groups, and gangs, you have theworking-man and the working-woman--but not clothed like ours.
usuallythe man is a nobly-built great athlete, with not a rag on but hisloin-handkerchief; his color a deep dark brown, his skin satin, hisrounded muscles knobbing it as if it had eggs under it.
usually thewoman is a slender and shapely creature, as erect as a lightning-rod, andshe has but one thing on--a bright-colored piece of stuff which is woundabout her head and her body down nearly half-way to her knees, and whichclings like her own skin.
her legs and feet are bare, and so are herarms, except for her fanciful bunches of loose silver rings on her anklesand on her arms.
she has jewelry bunched on the side of her nose also,and showy clusterings on her toes.
when she undresses for bed she takesoff her jewelry, i suppose.
if she took off anything more she wouldcatch cold.
as a rule she has a large shiney brass water jar of gracefulshape on her head, and one of her naked arms curves up and the hand holdsit there.
she is so straight, so erect, and she steps with such style,and such easy grace and dignity; and her curved arm and her brazen jarare such a help to the picture--indeed, our working-women cannot beginwith her as a road-decoration.
it is all color, bewitching color, enchanting color--everywhere allaround--all the way around the curving great opaline bay clear togovernment house, where the turbaned big native 'chuprassies' standgrouped in state at the door in their robes of fiery red, and do mostproperly and stunningly finish up the splendid show and make ittheatrically complete.
i wish i were a 'chuprassy'.
this is indeed india!
the land of dreams and romance, of fabulous wealthand fabulous poverty, of splendor and rags, of palaces and hovels, offamine and pestilence, of genii and giants and aladdin lamps, of tigersand elephants, the cobra and the jungle, the country of a hundred nationsand a hundred tongues, of a thousand religions and two million gods,cradle of the human race, birthplace of human speech, mother of history,grandmother of legend, great-grandmother of tradition, whose yesterdaysbear date with the mouldering antiquities of the rest of the nations--theone sole country under the sun that is endowed with an imperishableinterest for alien prince and alien peasant, for lettered and ignorant,wise and fool, rich and poor, bond and free, the one land that all mendesire to see, and having seen once, by even a glimpse, would not givethat glimpse for the shows of all the rest of the globe combined.
even now, after the lapse of a year, the delirium of those days in bombayhas not left me, and i hope never will.
it was all new, no detail of ithackneyed.
and india did not wait for morning, it began at the hotel--straight away.
the lobbies and halls were full of turbaned, and fez'dand embroidered, cap'd, and barefooted, and cotton-clad dark natives,some of them rushing about, others at rest squatting, or sitting on theground; some of them chattering with energy, others still and dreamy; inthe dining-room every man's own private native servant standing behindhis chair, and dressed for a part in the arabian nights.
our rooms were high up, on the front.
a white man--he was a burly german--went up with us, and brought three natives along to see to arrangingthings.
about fourteen others followed in procession, with thehand-baggage; each carried an article--and only one; a bag, in somecases, in other cases less.
one strong native carried my overcoat,another a parasol, another a box of cigars, another a novel, and the lastman in the procession had no load but a fan.
it was all done withearnestness and sincerity, there was not a smile in the procession fromthe head of it to the tail of it.
each man waited patiently, tranquilly,in no sort of hurry, till one of us found time to give him a copper, thenhe bent his head reverently, touched his forehead with his fingers, andwent his way.
they seemed a soft and gentle race, and there wassomething both winning and touching about their demeanor.
there was a vast glazed door which opened upon the balcony.
it neededclosing, or cleaning, or something, and a native got down on his kneesand went to work at it.
he seemed to be doing it well enough, butperhaps he wasn't, for the burly german put on a look that betrayeddissatisfaction, then without explaining what was wrong, gave the nativea brisk cuff on the jaw and then told him where the defect was.
itseemed such a shame to do that before us all.
the native took it withmeekness, saying nothing, and not showing in his face or manner anyresentment.
i had not seen the like of this for fifty years.
it carriedme back to my boyhood, and flashed upon me the forgotten fact that thiswas the usual way of explaining one's desires to a slave.
i was able toremember that the method seemed right and natural to me in those days, ibeing born to it and unaware that elsewhere there were other methods; buti was also able to remember that those unresented cuffings made me sorryfor the victim and ashamed for the punisher.
my father was a refined andkindly gentleman, very grave, rather austere, of rigid probity, a sternlyjust and upright man, albeit he attended no church and never spoke ofreligious matters, and had no part nor lot in the pious joys of hispresbyterian family, nor ever seemed to suffer from this deprivation.
helaid his hand upon me in punishment only twice in his life, and then notheavily; once for telling him a lie--which surprised me, and showed mehow unsuspicious he was, for that was not my maiden effort.
he punishedme those two times only, and never any other member of the family at all;yet every now and then he cuffed our harmless slave boy, lewis, fortrifling little blunders and awkwardnesses.
my father had passed hislifeamong the slaves from his cradle up, and his cuffings proceeded from thecustom of the time, not from his nature.
when i was ten years old i sawa man fling a lump of iron-ore at a slaveman in anger, for merely doingsomething awkwardly--as if that were a crime.
it bounded from the man'sskull, and the man fell and never spoke again.
he was dead in an hour.
i knew the man had a right to kill his slave if he wanted to, and yet itseemed a pitiful thing and somehow wrong, though why wrong i was not deepenough to explain if i had been asked to do it.
nobody in the villageapproved of that murder, but of course no one said much about it.
it is curious--the space-annihilating power of thought.
for just onesecond, all that goes to make the me in me was in a missourian village,on the other side of the globe, vividly seeing again these forgottenpictures of fifty years ago, and wholly unconscious of all things butjust those; and in the next second i was back in bombay, and thatkneeling native's smitten cheek was not done tingling yet!
back toboyhood--fifty years; back to age again, another fifty; and a flightequal to the circumference of the globe-all in two seconds by the watch!
some natives--i don't remember how many--went into my bedroom, now, andput things to rights and arranged the mosquito-bar, and i went to bed tonurse my cough.
it was about nine in the evening.
what a state ofthings!
for three hours the yelling and shouting of natives in the hallcontinued, along with the velvety patter of their swift bare feet--what aracket it was!
they were yelling orders and messages down three flights.
why, in the matter of noise it amounted to a riot, an insurrection, arevolution.
and then there were other noises mixed up with these and atintervals tremendously accenting them--roofs falling in, i judged,windows smashing, persons being murdered, crows squawking, and deriding,and cursing, canaries screeching, monkeys jabbering, macaws blaspheming,and every now and then fiendish bursts of laughter and explosions ofdynamite.
by midnight i had suffered all the different kinds of shocksthere are, and knew that i could never more be disturbed by them, eitherisolated or in combination.
then came peace--stillness deep and solemnand lasted till five.
then it all broke loose again.
and who re-started it?
the bird of birdsthe indian crow.
i came to know him well, by and by, and be infatuatedwith him.
i suppose he is the hardest lot that wears feathers.
yes, andthe cheerfulest, and the best satisfied with himself.
he never arrivedat what he is by any careless process, or any sudden one; he is a work ofart, and "art is long"; he is the product of immemorial ages, and of deepcalculation; one can't make a bird like that in a day.
he has beenreincarnated more times than shiva; and he has kept a sample of eachincarnation, and fused it into his constitution.
in the course of hisevolutionary promotions, his sublime march toward ultimate perfection, hehas been a gambler, a low comedian, a dissolute priest, a fussy woman, ablackguard, a scoffer, a liar, a thief, a spy, an informer, a tradingpolitician, a swindler, a professional hypocrite, a patriot for cash, areformer, a lecturer, a lawyer, a conspirator, a rebel, a royalist, ademocrat, a practicer and propagator of irreverence, a meddler, anintruder, a busybody, an infidel, and a wallower in sin for the mere loveof it.
the strange result, the incredible result, of this patientaccumulation of all damnable traits is, that he does not know what careis, he does not know what sorrow is, he does not know what remorse is,his life is one long thundering ecstasy of happiness, and he will go tohis death untroubled, knowing that he will soon turn up again as anauthor or something, and be even more intolerably capable and comfortablethan ever he was before.
in his straddling wide forward-step, and his springy side-wise series ofhops, and his impudent air, and his cunning way of canting his head toone side upon occasion, he reminds one of the american blackbird.
butthe sharp resemblances stop there.
he is much bigger than the blackbird;and he lacks the blackbird's trim and slender and beautiful build andshapely beak; and of course his sober garb of gray and rusty black is apoor and humble thing compared with the splendid lustre of theblackbird's metallic sables and shifting and flashing bronze glories.
the blackbird is a perfect gentleman, in deportment and attire, and isnot noisy, i believe, except when holding religious services andpolitical conventions in a tree; but this indian sham quaker is just arowdy, and is always noisy when awake--always chaffing, scolding,scoffing, laughing, ripping, and cursing, and carrying on about somethingor other.
i never saw such a bird for delivering opinions.
nothingescapes him; he notices everything that happens, and brings out hisopinion about it, particularly if it is a matter that is none of hisbusiness.
and it is never a mild opinion, but always violent--violentand profane--the presence of ladies does not affect him.
his opinionsare not the outcome of reflection, for he never thinks about anything,but heaves out the opinion that is on top in his mind, and which is oftenan opinion about some quite different thing and does not fit the case.
but that is his way; his main idea is to get out an opinion, and if hestopped to think he would lose chances.
i suppose he has no enemies among men.
the whites and mohammedans neverseemed to molest him; and the hindoos, because of their religion, nevertake the life of any creature, but spare even the snakes and tigers andfleas and rats.
if i sat on one end of the balcony, the crows wouldgather on the railing at the other end and talk about me; and edgecloser, little by little, till i could almost reach them; and they wouldsit there, in the most unabashed way, and talk about my clothes, and myhair, and my complexion, and probable character and vocation andpolitics, and how i came to be in india, and what i  had been doing, andhow many days i had got for it, and how i had happened to go unhangedso long, and when would it probably come off, and might there be more ofmy sort where i came from, and when would they be hanged,--and so on, andso on, until i could not longer endure the embarrassment of it; then iwould shoo them away, and they would circle around in the air a littlewhile, laughing and deriding and mocking, and presently settle on therail and do it all over again.
they were very sociable when there was anything to eat--oppressively so.
with a little encouragement they would come in and light on the table andhelp me eat my breakfast; and once when i was in the other room and theyfound themselves alone, they carried off everything they could lift; andthey were particular to choose things which they could make no use ofafter they got them.
in india their number is beyond estimate, and theirnoise is in proportion.
i suppose they cost the country more than thegovernment does; yet that is not a light matter.
still, they pay; theircompany pays; it would sadden the land to take their cheerful voice outof it.
you soon find your long-ago dreams of india rising in a sort of vague andluscious moonlight above the horizon-rim of your opaque consciousness,and softly lighting up a thousand forgotten details which were parts of avision that had once been vivid to you when you were a boy, and steepedyour spirit in tales of the east.
the barbaric gorgeousnesses, forinstance; and the princely titles, the sumptuous titles, the soundingtitles,--how good they taste in the mouth!
the nizam of hyderabad; themaharajah of travancore; the nabob of jubbelpore; the begum of bhopal;the nawab of mysore; the ranee of gulnare; the ahkoond of swat's; the raoof rohilkund; the gaikwar of baroda.
indeed, it is a country that runsrichly to name.
the great god vishnu has 108--108 special ones--108peculiarly holy ones--names just for sunday use only.
i learned thewhole of vishnu's 108 by heart once, but they wouldn't stay; i don'tremember any of them now but john w.and the romances connected with those princely native houses--to thisday they are always turning up, just as in the old, old times.
they weresweating out a romance in an english court in bombay a while before wewere there.
in this case a native prince, 16 1/2 years old, who has beenenjoying his titles and dignities and estates unmolested for fourteenyears, is suddenly haled into court on the charge that he is rightfullyno prince at all, but a pauper peasant; that the real prince died whentwo and one-half years old; that the death was concealed, and a peasantchild smuggled into the royal cradle, and that this present incumbent wasthat smuggled substitute.
this is the very material that so manyoriental tales have been made of.
the case of that great prince, the gaikwar of baroda, is a reversal ofthe theme.
when that throne fell vacant, no heir could be found for sometime, but at last one was found in the person of a peasant child who wasmaking mud pies in a village street, and having an innocent good time.
but his pedigree was straight; he was the true prince, and he has reignedever since, with none to dispute his right.
lately there was another hunt for an heir to another princely house, andone was found who was circumstanced about as the gaikwar had been.
hisfathers were traced back, in humble life, along a branch of the ancestraltree to the point where it joined the stem fourteen generations ago, andhis heirship was thereby squarely established.
the tracing was done bymeans of the records of one of the great hindoo shrines, where princes onpilgrimage record their names and the date of their visit.
this is tokeep the prince's religious account straight, and his spiritual personsafe; but the record has the added value of keeping the pedigreeauthentic, too.
when i think of bombay now, at this distance of time, i seem to have akaleidoscope at my eye; and i hear the clash of the glass bits as thesplendid figures change, and fall apart, and flash into new forms, figureafter figure, and with the birth of each new form i feel my skin crinkleand my nerve-web tingle with a new thrill of wonder and delight.
theseremembered pictures float past me in a sequence of contracts; followingthe same order always, and always whirling by and disappearing with theswiftness of a dream, leaving me with the sense that the actuality wasthe experience of an hour, at most, whereas it really covered days, ithink.
the series begins with the hiring of a "bearer"--native man-servant--aperson who should be selected with some care, because as long as he is inyour employ he will be about as near to you as your clothes.
in india your day may be said to begin with the "bearer's" knock on thebedroom door, accompanied by a formula of words--a formula which isintended to mean that the bath is ready.
it doesn't really seem to meananything at all.
but that is because you are not used to "bearer"english.
you will presently understand.
where he gets his english is his own secret.
there is nothing like itelsewhere in the earth; or even in paradise, perhaps, but the other placeis probably full of it.
you hire him as soon as you touch indian soil;for no matter what your sex is, you cannot do without him.
he ismessenger, valet, chambermaid, table-waiter, lady's maid, courier--he iseverything.
he carries a coarse linen clothes-bag and a quilt; he sleepson the stone floor outside your chamber door, and gets his meals you donot know where nor when; you only know that he is not fed on thepremises, either when you are in a hotel or when you are a guest in aprivate house.
his wages are large--from an indian point of view--and hefeeds and clothes himself out of them.
we had three of him in two and ahalf months.
the first one's rate was thirty rupees a month that is tosay, twenty-seven cents a day; the rate of the others, rs.
40 (40 rupees)a month.
a princely sum; for the native switchman on a railway and thenative servant in a private family get only rs.
7 per month, and thefarm-hand only 4.  the two former feed and clothe themselves and theirfamilies on their $1.90 per month; but i cannot believe that the farmhandhas to feed himself on his $1.08.
i think the farm probably feeds him,and that the whole of his wages, except a trifle for the priest, go tothe support of his family.
that is, to the feeding of his family; forthey live in a mud hut, hand-made, and, doubtless, rent-free, and theywear no clothes; at least, nothing more than a rag.
and not much of arag at that, in the case of the males.
however, these are handsome timesfor the farm-hand; he was not always the child of luxury that he is now.
the chief commissioner of the central provinces, in a recent officialutterance wherein he was rebuking a native deputation for complaining ofhard times, reminded them that they could easily remember when afarm-hand's wages were only half a rupee (former value) a month--thatis to say, less than a cent a day; nearly $2.90 a year.
if such awage-earner had a good deal of a family--and they all have that, for godis very good to these poor natives in some ways--he would save a profitof fifteen cents, clean and clear, out of his year's toil; i mean afrugal, thrifty person would, not one given to display and ostentation.
and if he owed $13.50 and took good care of his health, he could pay itoff in ninety years.
then he could hold up his head, and look hiscreditors in the face again.
think of these facts and what they mean.
india does not consist ofcities.
there are no cities in india--to speak of.
its stupendouspopulation consists of farm-laborers.
india is one vast farm--one almostinterminable stretch of fields with mud fences between.
think of theabove facts; and consider what an incredible aggregate of poverty theyplace before you.
the first bearer that applied, waited below and sent up hisrecommendations.
that was the first morning in bombay.
we read themover; carefully, cautiously, thoughtfully.
there was not a fault to findwith them--except one; they were all from americans.
is that a slur?
if it is, it is a deserved one.
in my experience, an american'srecommendation of a servant is not usually valuable.
we are toogood-natured a race; we hate to say the unpleasant thing; we shrink fromspeaking the unkind truth about a poor fellow whose bread depends uponour verdict; so we speak of his good points only, thus not scrupling totell a lie--a silent lie--for in not mentioning his bad ones we as goodas say he hasn't any.
the only difference that i know of between asilent lie and a spoken one is, that the silent lie is a less respectableone than the other.
and it can deceive, whereas the other can't--as arule.
we not only tell the silent lie as to a servant's faults, but wesin in another way: we overpraise his merits; for when it comes towriting recommendations of servants we are a nation of gushers.
and wehave not the frenchman's excuse.
in france you must give the departingservant a good recommendation; and you must conceal his faults; you haveno choice.
if you mention his faults for the protection of the nextcandidate for his services, he can sue you for damages; and the courtwill award them, too; and, moreover, the judge will give you a sharpdressing-down from the bench for trying to destroy a poor man'scharacter, and rob him of his bread.
i do not state this on my ownauthority, i got it from a french physician of fame and repute--a man whowas born in paris, and had practiced there all his life.
and he saidthat he spoke not merely from common knowledge, but from exasperatingpersonal experience.
as i was saying, the bearer's recommendations were all from americantourists; and st. peter would have admitted him to the fields of theblest on them--i mean if he is as unfamiliar with our people and our waysas i suppose he is.
according to these recommendations, manuel x. wassupreme in all the arts connected with his complex trade; and thesemanifold arts were mentioned--and praised-in detail.
his english wasspoken of in terms of warm admiration--admiration verging upon rapture.
i took pleased note of that, and hoped that some of it might be true.
we had to have some one right away; so the family went down stairs andtook him a week on trial; then sent him up to me and departed on theiraffairs.
i was shut up in my quarters with a bronchial cough, and gladto have something fresh to look at, something new to play with.
manuelfilled the bill; manuel was very welcome.
he was toward fifty years old,tall, slender, with a slight stoop--an artificial stoop, a deferentialstoop, a stoop rigidified by long habit--with face of european mould;short hair intensely black; gentle black eyes, timid black eyes, indeed;complexion very dark, nearly black in fact; face smooth-shaven.
he wasbareheaded and barefooted, and was never otherwise while his week with uslasted; his clothing was european, cheap, flimsy, and showed much wear.
he stood before me and inclined his head (and body) in the patheticindian way, touching his forehead with the finger-ends of his righthand, in salute.
i said:"manuel, you are evidently indian, but you seem to have a spanish namewhen you put it all together.
how is that?"
a perplexed look gathered in his face; it was plain that he had notunderstood--but he didn't let on.
he spoke back placidly.
"i know; but how did you get the name?"
"oh, yes, i suppose.
think happen so.
father same name, not mother."
i saw that i must simplify my language and spread my words apart, if iwould be understood by this english scholar.
"oh, he,"--brightening a little--"he christian--portygee; live in goa; iborn goa; mother not portygee, mother native-high-caste brahmin--coolinbrahmin; highest caste; no other so high caste.
i high-caste brahmin,too.
christian, too, same like father; high-caste christian brahmin,master--salvation army."
all this haltingly, and with difficulty.
then he had an inspiration, andbegan to pour out a flood of words that i could make nothing of; so isaid:"there--don't do that.
i can't understand hindostani."
"not hindostani, master--english.
always i speaking english sometimeswhen i talking every day all the time at you."
"very well, stick to that; that is intelligible.
it is not up to myhopes, it is not up to the promise of the recommendations, still it isenglish, and i understand it.
don't elaborate it; i don't likeelaborations when they are crippled by uncertainty of touch."
"oh, never mind; it was only a random thought; i didn't expect you tounderstand it.
how did you get your english; is it an acquirement, orjust a gift of god?"
after some hesitation--piously:"yes, he very good.
christian god very good, hindoo god very good, too.
two million hindoo god, one christian god--make two million and one.
allmine; two million and one god.
i got a plenty.
sometime i pray all timeat those, keep it up, go all time every day; give something at shrine,all good for me, make me better man; good for me, good for my family, damgood."
then he had another inspiration, and went rambling off into ferventconfusions and incoherencies, and i had to stop him again.
i thought wehad talked enough, so i told him to go to the bathroom and clean it upand remove the slops--this to get rid of him.
he went away, seeming tounderstand, and got out some of my clothes and began to brush them.
irepeated my desire several times, simplifying and re-simplifying it, andat last he got the idea.
then he went away and put a coolie at the work,and explained that he would lose caste if he did it himself; it would bepollution, by the law of his caste, and it would cost him a deal of fussand trouble to purify himself and accomplish his rehabilitation.
he saidthat that kind of work was strictly forbidden to persons of caste, and asstrictly restricted to the very bottom layer of hindoo society--thedespised 'sudra' (the toiler, the laborer).
he was right; and apparentlythe poor sudra has been content with his strange lot, his insultingdistinction, for ages and ages--clear back to the beginning of things, soto speak.
buckle says that his name--laborer--is a term of contempt;that it is ordained by the institutes of menu (900 b.c.)
that if a sudrasit on a level with his superior he shall be exiled or branded--[withoutgoing into particulars i will remark that as a rule they wear no clothingthat would conceal the brand.--m.
if he speakcontemptuously of his superior or insult him he shall suffer death; if helisten to the reading of the sacred books he shall have burning oilpoured in his ears; if he memorize passages from them he shall be killed;if he marry his daughter to a brahmin the husband shall go to hell fordefiling himself by contact with a woman so infinitely his inferior; andthat it is forbidden to a sudra to acquire wealth.
"the bulk of thepopulation of india," says bucklet--[population to-day, 300,000,000.]
--"is the sudras--the workers, the farmers, the creators of wealth."
manuel was a failure, poor old fellow.
his age was against him.
he wasdesperately slow and phenomenally forgetful.
when he went three blockson an errand he would be gone two hours, and then forget what it was hewent for.
when he packed a trunk it took him forever, and the trunk'scontents were an unimaginable chaos when he got done.
he couldn't waitsatisfactorily at table--a prime defect, for if you haven't your ownservant in an indian hotel you are likely to have a slow time of it andgo away hungry.
we couldn't understand his english; he couldn'tunderstand ours; and when we found that he couldn't understand his own,it seemed time for us to part.
i had to discharge him; there was no helpfor it.
but i did it as kindly as i could, and as gently.
we must part,said i, but i hoped we should meet again in a better world.
it was nottrue, but it was only a little thing to say, and saved his feelings andcost me nothing.
but now that he was gone, and was off my mind and heart, my spirits beganto rise at once, and i was soon feeling brisk and ready to go out andhave adventures.
then his newly-hired successor flitted in, touched hisforehead, and began to fly around here, there, and everywhere, on hisvelvet feet, and in five minutes he had everything in the room"ship-shape and bristol fashion," as the sailors say, and was standing atthe salute, waiting for orders.
dear me, what a rustler he was after theslumbrous way of manuel, poor old slug!
all my heart, all my affection,all my admiration, went out spontaneously to this frisky little forkedblack thing, this compact and compressed incarnation of energy and forceand promptness and celerity and confidence, this smart, smily, engaging,shiney-eyed little devil, feruled on his upper end by a gleamingfire-coal of a fez with a red-hot tassel dangling from it.
i said,with deep satisfaction--"you'll suit.
what is your name?"
he reeled it mellowly off.
"let me see if i can make a selection out of it--for business uses, imean; we will keep the rest for sundays.
give it to me in installments."
he did it.
but there did not seem to be any short ones, exceptmousa--which suggested mouse.
it was out of character; it was too soft,too quiet, too conservative; it didn't fit his splendid style.
iconsidered, and said--"mousa is short enough, but i don't quite like it.
it seems colorless--inharmonious--inadequate; and i am sensitive to such things.
how doyouthink satan would do?"
satan do wair good."
it was his way of saying "very good."
there was a rap at the door.
satan covered the ground with a singleskip; there was a word or two of hindostani, then he disappeared.
threeminutes later he was before me again, militarily erect, and waiting forme to speak first.
"what is it, satan?"
"god want to see you."
i show him up, master?"
"why, this is so unusual, that--that--well, you see indeed i am sounprepared--i don't quite know what i do mean.
dear me, can't youexplain?
don't you see that this is a most ex----""here his card, master."
wasn't it curious--and amazing, and tremendous, and all that?
such apersonage going around calling on such as i, and sending up his card,like a mortal--sending it up by satan.
it was a bewildering collision ofthe impossibles.
but this was the land of the arabian nights, this wasindia!
and what is it that cannot happen in india?
we had the interview.
satan was right--the visitor was indeed a god inthe conviction of his multitudinous followers, and was worshiped by themin sincerity and humble adoration.
they are troubled by no doubts as tohis divine origin and office.
they believe in him, they pray to him,they make offerings to him, they beg of him remission of sins; to themhis person, together with everything connected with it, is sacred; fromhis barber they buy the parings of his nails and set them in gold, andwear them as precious amulets.
i tried to seem tranquilly conversational and at rest, but i was not.
would you have been?
i was in a suppressed frenzy of excitement andcuriosity and glad wonder.
i could not keep my eyes off him.
i waslooking upon a god, an actual god, a recognized and accepted god; andevery detail of his person and his dress had a consuming interest for me.
and the thought went floating through my head, "he is worshiped--think ofit--he is not a recipient of the pale homage called compliment, wherewiththe highest human clay must make shift to be satisfied, but of aninfinitely richer spiritual food: adoration, worship!--men and women laytheir cares and their griefs and their broken hearts at his feet; and hegives them his peace; and they go away healed."
and just then the awful visitor said, in the simplest way--"there is afeature of the philosophy of huck finn which"--and went luminously onwith the construction of a compact and nicely-discriminated literaryverdict.
it is a land of surprises--india!
i had had my ambitions--i had hoped,and almost expected, to be read by kings and presidents and emperors--buti had never looked so high as that.
it would be false modesty to pretendthat i was not inordinately pleased.
i was much more pleasedthan i should have been with a compliment from a man.
he remained half an hour, and i found him a most courteous and charminggentleman.
the godship has been in his family a good while, but i do notknow how long.
he is a mohammedan deity; by earthly rank he is a prince;not an indian but a persian prince.
he is a direct descendant of theprophet's line.
he is comely; also young--for a god; not forty, perhapsnot above thirty-five years old.
he wears his immense honors withtranquil grace, and with a dignity proper to his awful calling.
hespeaks english with the ease and purity of a person born to it.
i thinki am not overstating this.
he was the only god i had ever seen, and iwas very favorably impressed.
when he rose to say good-bye, the doorswung open and i caught the flash of a red fez, and heard these words,reverently said--"satan see god out?"
and these mis-mated beings passed from view satan in the lead andthe other following after.
the next picture in my mind is government house, on malabar point, withthe wide sea-view from the windows and broad balconies; abode of hisexcellency the governor of the bombay presidency--a residence which iseuropean in everything but the native guards and servants, and is a homeand a palace of state harmoniously combined.
that was england, the english power, the english civilization, the moderncivilization--with the quiet elegancies and quiet colors and quiet tastesand quiet dignity that are the outcome of the modern cultivation.
andfollowing it came a picture of the ancient civilization of india--an hourin the mansion of a native prince: kumar schri samatsinhji bahadur of thepalitana state.
the young lad, his heir, was with the prince; also, the lad's sister, awee brown sprite, very pretty, very serious, very winning, delicatelymoulded, costumed like the daintiest butterfly, a dear little fairylandprincess, gravely willing to be friendly with the strangers, but in thebeginning preferring to hold her father's hand until she could take stockof them and determine how far they were to be trusted.
she must havebeen eight years old; so in the natural (indian) order of things shewould be a bride in three or four years from now, and then this freecontact with the sun and the air and the other belongings of out-doornature and comradeship with visiting male folk would end, and she wouldshut herself up in the zenana for life, like her mother, and by inheritedhabit of mind would be happy in that seclusion and not look upon it as anirksome restraint and a weary captivity.
the game which the prince amuses his leisure with--however, never mindit, i should never be able to describe it intelligibly.
i tried to getan idea of it while my wife and daughter visited the princess in thezenana, a lady of charming graces and a fluent speaker of english, but idid not make it out.
it is a complicated game, and i believe it is saidthat nobody can learn to play it well--but an indian.
and i was not ableto learn how to wind a turban.
it seemed a simple art and easy; but thatwas a deception.
it is a piece of thin, delicate stuff a foot wide ormore, and forty or fifty feet long; and the exhibitor of the art takesone end of it in his two hands, and winds it in and out intricately abouthishead,  twisting it as he goes, and in a minute or two the thing isfinished, and is neat and symmetrical and fits as snugly as a mould.
we were interested in the wardrobe and the jewels, and in the silverware,and its grace of shape and beauty and delicacy of ornamentation.
thesilverware is kept locked up, except at meal-times, and none but thechief butler and the prince have keys to the safe.
i did not clearlyunderstand why, but it was not for the protection of the silver.
it waseither to protect the prince from the contamination which his caste wouldsuffer if the vessels were touched by low-caste hands, or it was toprotect his highness from poison.
possibly it was both.
i believe asalaried taster has to taste everything before the prince ventures it--anancient and judicious custom in the east, and has thinned out the tastersa good deal, for of course it is the cook that puts the poison in.
if iwere an indian prince i would not go to the expense of a taster, i wouldeat with the cook.
ceremonials are always interesting; and i noted that the indiangood-morning is a ceremonial, whereas ours doesn't amount to that.
insalutation the son reverently touches the father's forehead with a smallsilver implement tipped with vermillion paste which leaves a red spotthere, and in return the son receives the father's blessing.
our goodmorning is well enough for the rowdy west, perhaps, but would be toobrusque for the soft and ceremonious east.
after being properly necklaced, according to custom, with great garlandsmade of yellow flowers, and provided with betel-nut to chew, thispleasant visit closed, and we passed thence to a scene of a differentsort: from this glow of color and this sunny life to those grimreceptacles of the parsee dead, the towers of silence.
there issomething stately about that name, and an impressiveness which sinksdeep; the hush of death is in it.
we have the grave, the tomb, themausoleum, god's acre, the cemetery; and association has made themeloquent with solemn meaning; but we have no name that is so majestic asthat one, or lingers upon the ear with such deep and haunting pathos.
on lofty ground, in the midst of a paradise of tropical foliage andflowers, remote from the world and its turmoil and noise, they stood--thetowers of silence; and away below was spread the wide groves of cocoapalms, then the city, mile on mile, then the ocean with its fleets ofcreeping ships all steeped in a stillness as deep as the hush thathallowed this high place of the dead.
the vultures were there.
theystood close together in a great circle all around the rim of a massivelow tower--waiting; stood as motionless as sculptured ornaments, andindeed almost deceived one into the belief that that was what they were.
presently there was a slight stir among the score of persons present, andall moved reverently out of the path and ceased from talking.
a funeralprocession entered the great gate, marching two and two, and movedsilently by, toward the tower.
the corpse lay in a shallow shell, andwas under cover of a white cloth, but was otherwise naked.
the bearersof the body were separated by an interval of thirty feet from themourners.
they, and also the mourners, were draped all in pure white,and each couple of mourners was figuratively bound together by a piece ofwhite rope or a handkerchief--though they merely held the ends of it intheir hands.
behind the procession followed a dog, which was led in aleash.
when the mourners had reached the neighborhood of the tower--neither they nor any other human being but the bearers of the dead mustapproach within thirty feet of it--they turned and went back to one ofthe prayer-houses within the gates, to pray for the spirit of their dead.
the bearers unlocked the tower's sole door and disappeared from viewwithin.
in a little while they came out bringing the bier and the whitecovering-cloth, and locked the door again.
then the ring of vulturesrose, flapping their wings, and swooped down into the tower to devour thebody.
nothing was left of it but a clean-picked skeleton when theyflocked-out again a few minutes afterward.
the principle which underlies and orders everything connected with aparsee funeral is purity.
by the tenets of the zoroastrian religion, theelements, earth, fire, and water, are sacred, and must not becontaminated by contact with a dead body.
hence corpses must not beburned, neither must they be buried.
none may touch the dead or enterthe towers where they repose except certain men who are officiallyappointed for that purpose.
they receive high pay, but theirs is adismal life, for they must live apart from their species, because theircommerce with the dead defiles them, and any who should associate withthem would share their defilement.
when they come out of the tower theclothes they are wearing are exchanged for others, in a building withinthe grounds, and the ones which they have taken off are left behind, forthey are contaminated, and must never be used again or suffered to gooutside the grounds.
these bearers come to every funeral in newgarments.
so far as is known, no human being, other than an officialcorpse-bearer--save one--has ever entered a tower of silence after itsconsecration.
just a hundred years ago a european rushed in behind thebearers and fed his brutal curiosity with a glimpse of the forbiddenmysteries of the place.
this shabby savage's name is not given; hisquality is also concealed.
these two details, taken in connection withthe fact that for his extraordinary offense the only punishment he gotfrom the east india company's government was a solemn official"reprimand"--suggest the suspicion that he was a european of consequence.
the same public document which contained the reprimand gave warning thatfuture offenders of his sort, if in the company's service, would bedismissed; and if merchants, suffer revocation of license and exile toengland.
the towers are not tall, but are low in proportion to theircircumference, like a gasometer.
if you should fill a gasometer half wayup with solid granite masonry, then drive a wide and deep well downthrough the center of this mass of masonry, you would have the idea of atower of silence.
on the masonry surrounding the well the bodies lie, inshallow trenches which radiate like wheel-spokes from the well.
thetrenches slant toward the well and carry into it the rainfall.
underground drains, with charcoal filters in them, carry off this waterfrom the bottom of the well.
when a skeleton has lain in the tower exposed to the rain and the flamingsun a month it is perfectly dry and clean.
then the same bearers thatbrought it there come gloved and take it up with tongs and throw it intothe well.
there it turns to dust.
it is never seen again, never touchedagain, in the world.
other peoples separate their dead, and preserve andcontinue social distinctions in the grave--the skeletons of kings andstatesmen and generals in temples and pantheons proper to skeletons oftheir degree, and the skeletons of the commonplace and the poor in placessuited to their meaner estate; but the parsees hold that all men rankalike in death--all are humble, all poor, all destitute.
in sign oftheir poverty they are sent to their grave naked, in sign of theirequality the bones of the rich, the poor, the illustrious and the obscureare flung into the common well together.
at a parsee funeral there areno vehicles; all concerned must walk, both rich and poor, howsoever greatthe distance to be traversed may be.
in the wells of the five towers ofsilence is mingled the dust of all the parsee men and women and childrenwho have died in bombay and its vicinity during the two centuries whichhave elapsed since the mohammedan conquerors drove the parsees out ofpersia, and into that region of india.
the earliest of the five towerswas built by the modi family something more than 200 years ago, and it isnow reserved to the heirs of that house; none but the dead of that bloodare carried thither.
the origin of at least one of the details of a parsee funeral is not nowknown--the presence of the dog.
before a corpse is borne from the houseof mourning it must be uncovered and exposed to the gaze of a dog; a dogmust also be led in the rear of the funeral.
mr. nusserwanjee byramjee,secretary to the parsee punchayet, said that these formalities had oncehad a meaning and a reason for their institution, but that they weresurvivals whose origin none could now account for.
custom and traditioncontinue them in force, antiquity hallows them.
it is thought that inancient times in persia the dog was a sacred animal and could guide soulsto heaven; also that his eye had the power of purifying objects which hadbeen contaminated by the touch of the dead; and that hence his presencewith the funeral cortege provides an ever-applicable remedy in case ofneed.
the parsees claim that their method of disposing of the dead is aneffective protection of the living; that it disseminates no corruption,no impurities of any sort, no disease-germs; that no wrap, no garmentwhich has touched the dead is allowed to touch the living afterward; thatfrom the towers of silence nothing proceeds which can carry harm to theoutside world.
these are just claims, i think.
as a sanitary measure,their system seems to be about the equivalent of cremation, and as sure.
we are drifting slowly--but hopefully--toward cremation in these days.
it could not be expected that this progress should be swift, but if it besteady and continuous, even if slow, that will suffice.
when cremationbecomes the rule we shall cease to shudder at it; we should shudder atburial if we allowed ourselves to think what goes on in the grave.
the dog was an impressive figure to me, representing as he did a mysterywhose key is lost.
he was humble, and apparently depressed; and he lethis head droop pensively, and looked as if he might be trying to callback to his mind what it was that he had used to symbolize ages ago whenhe began his function.
there was another impressive thing close at hand,but i was not privileged to see it.
that was the sacred fire--a firewhich is supposed to have been burning without interruption for more thantwo centuries; and so, living by the same heat that was imparted to it solong ago.
the parsees are a remarkable community.
there are only about 60,000 inbombay, and only about half as many as that in the rest of india; butthey make up in importance what they lack in numbers.
they are highlyeducated, energetic, enterprising, progressive, rich, and the jew himselfis not more lavish or catholic in his charities and benevolences.
theparsees build and endow hospitals, for both men and animals; and they andtheir womenkind keep an open purse for all great and good objects.
theyare a political force, and a valued support to the government.
they havea pure and lofty religion, and they preserve it in its integrity andorder their lives by it.
we took a final sweep of the wonderful view of plain and city and ocean,and so ended our visit to the garden and the towers of silence; and thelast thing i noticed was another symbol--a voluntary symbol this one; itwas a vulture standing on the sawed-off top of a tall and slender andbranchless palm in an open space in the ground; he was perfectlymotionless, and looked like a piece of sculpture on a pillar.
and he hada mortuary look, too, which was in keeping with the place.
the next picture that drifts across the field of my memory is one whichis connected with religious things.
we were taken by friends to see ajain temple.
it was small, and had many flags or streamers flying frompoles standing above its roof; and its little battlements supported agreat many small idols or images.
upstairs, inside, a solitary jain waspraying or reciting aloud in the middle of the room.
our presence didnot interrupt him, nor even incommode him or modify his fervor.
ten ortwelve feet in front of him was the idol, a small figure in a sittingposture.
it had the pinkish look of a wax doll, but lacked the doll'sroundness of limb and approximation to correctness of form and justnessof proportion.
mr. gandhi explained every thing to us.
he was delegateto the chicago fair congress of religions.
it was lucidly done, inmasterly english, but in time it faded from me, and now i have nothingleft of that episode but an impression: a dim idea of a religious beliefclothed in subtle intellectual forms, lofty and clean, barren of fleshlygrossnesses; and with this another dim impression which connects thatintellectual system somehow with that crude image, that inadequate idol--how, i do not know.
properly they do not seem to belong together.
apparently the idol symbolized a person who had become a saint or a godthrough accessions of steadily augmenting holiness acquired through aseries of reincarnations and promotions extending over many ages; and wasnow at last a saint and qualified to vicariously receive worship andtransmit it to heaven's chancellery.
was that it?
and thence we went to mr. premchand roychand's bungalow, in lovelane,byculla, where an indian prince was to receive a deputation of the jaincommunity who desired to congratulate him upon a high honor latelyconferred upon him by his sovereign, victoria, empress of india.
she hadmade him a knight of the order of the star of india.
it would seem thateven the grandest indian prince is glad to add the modest title "sir" tohis ancient native grandeurs, and is willing to do valuable service towin it.
he will remit taxes liberally, and will spend money freely uponthe betterment of the condition of his subjects, if there is a knighthoodto be gotten by it.
and he will also do good work and a deal of it toget a gun added to the salute allowed him by the british government.
every year the empress distributes knighthoods and adds guns for publicservices done by native princes.
the salute of a small prince is threeor four guns; princes of greater consequence have salutes that run higherand higher, gun by gun,--oh, clear away up to eleven; possibly more, buti did not hear of any above eleven-gun princes.
i was told that when afour-gun prince gets a gun added, he is pretty troublesome for a while,till the novelty wears off, for he likes the music, and keeps hunting uppretexts to get himself saluted.
it may be that supremely grand folk,like the nyzam of hyderabad and the gaikwar of baroda, have more thaneleven guns, but i don't know.
when we arrived at the bungalow, the large hall on the ground floor wasalready about full, and carriages were still flowing into the grounds.
the company present made a fine show, an exhibition of human fireworks,so to speak, in the matters of costume and comminglings of brilliantcolor.
the variety of form noticeable in the display of turbans wasremarkable.
we were told that the explanation of this was, that thisjain delegation was drawn from many parts of india, and that each manwore the turban that was in vogue in his own region.
this diversity ofturbans made a beautiful effect.
i could have wished to start a rival exhibition there, of christian hatsand clothes.
i would have cleared one side of the room of its indiansplendors and repacked the space with christians drawn from america,england, and the colonies, dressed in the hats and habits of now, and oftwenty and forty and fifty years ago.
it would have been a hideousexhibition, a thoroughly devilish spectacle.
then there would have beenthe added disadvantage of the white complexion.
it is not an unbearablyunpleasant complexion when it keeps to itself, but when it comes intocompetition with masses of brown and black the fact is betrayed that itis endurable only because we are used to it.
nearly all black and brownskins are beautiful, but a beautiful white skin is rare.
how rare, onemay learn by walking down a street in paris, new york, or london on aweek-day--particularly an unfashionable street--and keeping count of thesatisfactory complexions encountered in the course of a mile.
where darkcomplexions are massed, they make the whites look bleached-out,unwholesome, and sometimes frankly ghastly.
i could notice this as aboy, down south in the slavery days before the war.
the splendid blacksatin skin of the south african zulus of durban seemed to me to come veryclose to perfection.
i can see those zulus yet--'ricksha athleteswaiting in front of the hotel for custom; handsome and intensely blackcreatures, moderately clothed in loose summer stuffs whose snowywhiteness made the black all the blacker by contrast.
keeping that groupin my mind, i can compare those complexions with the white ones which arestreaming past this london window now:     a lady.
complexion, new parchment.
complexion, old     parchment.
pink and white, very fine.
grayish skin, with purple areas.
unwholesome fish-belly skin.
sallow face, sprinkled with freckles.
face a general red flush.
jaundiced man--mustard yellow.
colorless skin, with two conspicuous moles.
elderly man--a drinker.
boiled-cauliflower nose in a flabby face     veined with purple crinklings.
healthy young gentleman.
fine fresh complexion.
sick young man.
his face a ghastly white.
no end of people whose skins are dull and characterless modifications ofthe tint which we miscall white.
some of these faces are pimply; someexhibit other signs of diseased blood; some show scars of a tint out of aharmony with the surrounding shades of color.
the white man's complexionmakes no concealments.
it seemed to have been designed as acatch-all for everything that can damage it.
ladies have to paint it,and powder it, and cosmetic it, and diet it with arsenic, and enamel it,and be always enticing it, and persuading it, and pestering it, andfussing at it, to make it beautiful; and they do not succeed.
but theseefforts show what they think of the natural complexion, as distributed.
as distributed it needs these helps.
the complexion which they try tocounterfeit is one which nature restricts to the few--to the very few.
to ninety-nine persons she gives a bad complexion, to the hundredth agood one.
the hundredth can keep it--how long?
ten years, perhaps.
the advantage is with the zulu, i think.
he starts with a beautifulcomplexion, and it will last him through.
and as for the indian brown--firm, smooth, blemishless, pleasant and restful to the eye, afraid ofnocolor, harmonizing with all colors and adding a grace to them all--ithink there is no sort of chance for the average white complexion againstthat rich and perfect tint.
to return to the bungalow.
the most gorgeous costumes present were wornby some children.
they seemed to blaze, so bright were the colors, andso brilliant the jewels strung over the rich materials.
these childrenwere professional nautch-dancers, and looked like girls, but they wereboys.
they got up by ones and twos and fours, and danced and sang to anaccompaniment of weird music.
their posturings and gesturings wereelaborate and graceful, but their voices were stringently raspy andunpleasant, and there was a good deal of monotony about the tune.
by and by there was a burst of shouts and cheers outside and the princewith his train entered in fine dramatic style.
he was a stately man, hewas ideally costumed, and fairly festooned with ropes of gems; some ofthe ropes were of pearls, some were of uncut great emeralds--emeraldsrenowned in bombay for their quality and value.
their size wasmarvelous, and enticing to the eye, those rocks.
a boy--a princeling--was with the prince, and he also was a radiant exhibition.
the ceremonies were not tedious.
the prince strode to his throne withthe port and majesty--and the sternness--of a julius caesar coming toreceive and receipt for a back-country kingdom and have it over and getout, and no fooling.
there was a throne for the young prince, too, andthe two sat there, side by side, with their officers grouped at eitherhand and most accurately and creditably reproducing the pictures whichone sees in the books--pictures which people in the prince's line ofbusiness have been furnishing ever since solomon received the queen ofsheba and showed her his things.
the chief of the jain delegation readhis paper of congratulations, then pushed it into a beautifully engravedsilver cylinder, which was delivered with ceremony into the prince'shands and at once delivered by him without ceremony into the hands of anofficer.
i will copy the address here.
it is interesting, as showingwhat an indian prince's subject may have opportunity to thank him for inthese days of modern english rule, as contrasted with what his ancestorwould have given them opportunity to thank him for a century and a halfago--the days of freedom unhampered by english interference.
a centuryand a half ago an address of thanks could have been put into small space.
it would have thanked the prince--     1.  for not slaughtering too many of his people upon mere caprice;     2.  for not stripping them bare by sudden and arbitrary tax levies,     and bringing famine upon them;     3.  for not upon empty pretext destroying the rich and seizing their     property;     4.  for not killing, blinding, imprisoning, or banishing the     relatives of the royal house to protect the throne from possible     plots;     5.  for not betraying the subject secretly, for a bribe, into the     hands of bands of professional thugs, to be murdered and robbed in     the prince's back lot.
those were rather common princely industries in the old times, but theyand some others of a harsh sort ceased long ago under english rule.
better industries have taken their place, as this address from the jaincommunity will show:     "your highness,--we the undersigned members of the jain community of     bombay have the pleasure to approach your highness with the     expression of our heartfelt congratulations on the recent conference     on your highness of the knighthood of the most exalted order of the     star of india.
ten years ago we had the pleasure and privilege of     welcoming your highness to this city under circumstances which have     made a memorable epoch in the history of your state, for had it not     been for a generous and reasonable spirit that your highness     displayed in the negotiations between the palitana durbar and the     jain community, the conciliatory spirit that animated our people     could not have borne fruit.
that was the first step in your     highness's administration, and it fitly elicited the praise of the     jain community, and of the bombay government.
a decade of your     highness's administration, combined with the abilities, training,     and acquirements that your highness brought to bear upon it, has     justly earned for your highness the unique and honourable     distinction--the knighthood of the most exalted order of the star of     india, which we understand your highness is the first to enjoy among     chiefs of your highness's rank and standing.
and we assure your     highness that for this mark of honour that has been conferred on you     by her most gracious majesty, the queen-empress, we feel no less     proud than your highness.
establishment of commercial factories,     schools, hospitals, etc., by your highness in your state has marked     your highness's career during these ten years, and we trust that     your highness will be spared to rule over your people with wisdom     and foresight, and foster the many reforms that your highness has     been pleased to introduce in your state.
we again offer your     highness our warmest felicitations for the honour that has been     conferred on you.
we beg to remain your highness's obedient     servants."
factories, schools, hospitals, reforms.
the prince propagates that kindof things in the modern times, and gets knighthood and guns for it.
after the address the prince responded with snap and brevity; spoke amoment with half a dozen guests in english, and with an official or twoin a native tongue; then the garlands were distributed as usual, and thefunction ended.
toward midnight, that night, there was another function.
this was ahindoo wedding--no, i think it was a betrothal ceremony.
always before,we had driven through streets that were multitudinous and tumultuous withpicturesque native life, but now there was nothing of that.
we seemed tomove through a city of the dead.
there was hardly a suggestion of lifein those still and vacant streets.
even the crows were silent.
buteverywhere on the ground lay sleeping natives-hundreds and hundreds.
they lay stretched at full length and tightly wrapped in blankets, headsand all.
their attitude and their rigidity counterfeited death.
theplague was not in bombay then, but it is devastating the city now.
theshops are deserted, now, half of the people have fled, and of theremainder the smitten perish by shoals every day.
no doubt the citylooks now in the daytime as it looked then at night.
when we had pierceddeep into the native quarter and were threading its narrow dim lanes, wehad to go carefully, for men were stretched asleep all about and therewas hardly room to drive between them.
and every now and then a swarm ofrats would scamper across past the horses' feet in the vague light--theforbears of the rats that are carrying the plague from house to house inbombay now.
the shops were but sheds, little booths open to the street;and the goods had been removed, and on the counters families weresleeping, usually with an oil lamp present.
recurrent dead  watches, itlooked like.
but at last we turned a corner and saw a great glare of light ahead.
itwas the home of the bride, wrapped in a perfect conflagration ofilluminations,--mainly gas-work designs, gotten up specially for theoccasion.
within was abundance of brilliancy--flames, costumes, colors,decorations, mirrors--it was another aladdin show.
the bride was a trim and comely little thing of twelve years, dressed aswe would dress a boy, though more expensively than we should do it, ofcourse.
she moved about very much at her ease, and stopped and talkedwith the guests and allowed her wedding jewelry to be examined.
it wasvery fine.
particularly a rope of great diamonds, a lovely thing to lookat and handle.
it had a great emerald hanging to it.
the bridegroom was not present.
he was having betrothal festivities ofhis own at his father's house.
as i understood it, he and the bride wereto entertain company every night and nearly all night for a week or more,then get married, if alive.
both of the children were a little elderly,as brides and grooms go, in india--twelve; they ought to have beenmarried a year or two sooner; still to a stranger twelve seems quiteyoung enough.
a while after midnight a couple of celebrated and high-pricednautch-girls appeared in the gorgeous place, and danced and sang.
withthem were men who played upon strange instruments which made uncannynoises of a sort to make one's flesh creep.
one of these instruments wasa pipe, and to its music the girls went through a performance whichrepresented snake charming.
it seemed a doubtful sort of music to charmanything with, but a native gentleman assured me that snakes like it andwill come out of their holes and listen to it with every evidence ofrefreshment and gratitude.
he said that at an entertainment in hisgrounds once, the pipe brought out half a dozen snakes, and the music hadto be stopped before they would be persuaded to go.
nobody wanted theircompany, for they were bold, familiar, and dangerous; but no one wouldkill them, of course, for it is sinful for a hindoo to kill any kind of acreature.
we withdrew from the festivities at two in the morning.
another picture,then--but it has lodged itself in my memory rather as a stage-scene thanas a reality.
it is of a porch and short flight of steps crowded withdark faces and ghostly-white draperies flooded with the strong glare fromthe dazzling concentration of illuminations; and midway of the steps oneconspicuous figure for accent--a turbaned giant, with a name according tohis size: rao bahadur baskirao balinkanje pitale, vakeel to his highnessthe gaikwar of baroda.
without him the picture would not have beencomplete; and if his name had been merely smith, he wouldn't haveanswered.
close at hand on house-fronts on both sides of the narrowstreet were illuminations of a kind commonly employed by the natives--scores of glass tumblers (containing tapers) fastened a few inchesapart all over great latticed frames, forming starry constellations whichshowed out vividly against their black backgrounds.
as we  drew awayinto the distance down the dim lanes the illuminations gathered togetherinto a single mass, and glowed out of the enveloping darkness like a sun.
then again the deep silence, the skurrying rats, the dim forms stretchedeverywhere on the ground; and on either hand those open boothscounterfeiting sepulchres, with counterfeit corpses sleeping motionlessin the flicker of the counterfeit death lamps.
and now, a year later,when i read the cablegrams i seem to be reading of what i myself partlysaw--saw before it happened--in a prophetic dream, as it were.
onecablegram says, "business in the native town is about suspended.
exceptthe wailing and the tramp of the funerals.
there is but little life ormovement.
the closed shops exceed in number those that remain open."
another says that 325,000 of the people have fled the city and arecarrying the plague to the country.
three days later comes the news,"the population is reduced by half."
the refugees have carried thedisease to karachi; "220 cases, 214 deaths."
a day or two later, "52fresh cases, all of which proved fatal."
the plague carries with it a terror which no other disease can excite;for of all diseases known to men it is the deadliest--by far thedeadliest.
"fifty-two fresh cases--all fatal."
it is the black deathalone that slays like that.
we can all imagine, after a fashion, thedesolation of a plague-stricken city, and the stupor of stillness brokenat intervals by distant bursts of wailing, marking the passing offunerals, here and there and yonder, but i suppose it is not possible forus to realize to ourselves the nightmare of dread and fear that possessesthe living who are present in such a place and cannot get away.
thathalf million fled from bombay in a wild panic suggests to us something ofwhat they were feeling, but perhaps not even they could realize what thehalf million were feeling whom they left stranded behind to face thestalking horror without chance of escape.
kinglake was in cairo manyyears ago during an epidemic of the black death, and he has imagined theterrors that creep into a man's heart at such a time and follow him untilthey themselves breed the fatal sign in the armpit, and then the deliriumwith confused images, and home-dreams, and reeling billiard-tables, andthen the sudden blank of death:     "to the contagionist, filled as he is with the dread of final     causes, having no faith in destiny, nor in the fixed will of god,     and with none of the devil-may-care indifference which might stand     him instead of creeds--to such one, every rag that shivers in the     breeze of a plague-stricken city has this sort of sublimity.
if by     any terrible ordinance he be forced to venture forth, he sees death     dangling from every sleeve; and, as he creeps forward, he poises his     shuddering limbs between the imminent jacket that is stabbing at his     right elbow and the murderous pelisse that threatens to mow him     clean down as it sweeps along on his left.
but most of all he     dreads that which most of all he should love--the touch of a woman's     dress; for mothers and wives, hurrying forth on kindly errands from     the bedsides of the dying, go slouching along through the streets     more willfully and less courteously than the men.
for a while it     may be that the caution of the poor levantine may enable him to     avoid contact, but sooner or later, perhaps, the dreaded chance     arrives; that bundle of linen, with the dark tearful eyes at the top     of it, that labors along with the voluptuous clumsiness of grisi     --she has touched the poor levantine with the hem of her sleeve!
from     that dread moment his peace is gone; his mind for ever hanging upon     the fatal touch invites the blow which he fears; he watches for the     symptoms of plague so carefully, that sooner or later they come in     truth.
the parched mouth is a sign--his mouth is parched; the     throbbing brain--his brain does throb; the rapid pulse--he touches     his own wrist (for he dares not ask counsel of any man lest he be     deserted), he touches his wrist, and feels how his frighted blood     goes galloping out of his heart.
there is nothing but the fatal     swelling that is wanting to make his sad conviction complete;     immediately, he has an odd feel under the arm--no pain, but a little     straining of the skin; he would to god it were his fancy that were     strong enough to give him that sensation; this is the worst of all.
it now seems to him that he could be happy and contented with his     parched mouth, and his throbbing brain, and his rapid pulse, if only     he could know that there were no swelling under the left arm; but     dares he try?--in a moment of calmness and deliberation he dares     not; but when for a while he has writhed under the torture of     suspense, a sudden strength of will drives him to seek and know his     fate; he touches the gland, and finds the skin sane and sound but     under the cuticle there lies a small lump like a pistol-bullet, that     moves as he pushes it.
but is this for all certainty, is this     the sentence of death?
feel the gland of the other arm.
there is     not the same lump exactly, yet something a little like it.
have not     some people glands naturally enlarged?--would to heaven he were one!
so he does for himself the work of the plague, and when the angel of     death thus courted does indeed and in truth come, he has only to     finish that which has been so well begun; he passes his fiery hand     over the brain of the victim, and lets him rave for a season, but     all chance-wise, of people and things once dear, or of people and     things indifferent.
once more the poor fellow is back at his home     in fair provence, and sees the sundial that stood in his childhood's     garden--sees his mother, and the long-since forgotten face of that     little dear sister--(he sees her, he says, on a sunday morning, for     all the church bells are ringing); he looks up and down through the     universe, and owns it well piled with bales upon bales of cotton,     and cotton eternal--so much so that he feels--he knows--he swears he     could make that winning hazard, if the billiard-table would not     slant upwards, and if the cue were a cue worth playing with; but it     is not--it's a cue that won't move--his own arm won't move--in     short, there's the devil to pay in the brain of the poor levantine;     and perhaps, the next night but one he becomes the 'life and the     soul' of some squalling jackal family, who fish him out by the foot     from his shallow and sandy grave."
one day during our stay in bombay there was a criminal trial of a mostinteresting sort, a terribly realistic chapter out of the "arabiannights," a strange mixture of simplicities and pieties and murderouspracticalities, which brought back the forgotten days of thuggee and madethem live again; in fact, even made them believable.
it was a case wherea young girl had been assassinated for the sake of her triflingornaments, things not worth a laborer's day's wages in america.
thisthing could have been done in many other countries, but hardly with thecold business-like depravity, absence of fear, absence of caution,destitution of the sense of horror, repentance, remorse, exhibited inthis case.
elsewhere the murderer would have done his crime secretly, bynight, and without witnesses; his fears would have allowed him no peacewhile the dead body was in his neighborhood; he would not have resteduntil he had gotten it safe out of the way and hidden as effectually ashe could hide it.
but this indian murderer does his deed in the fulllight of day, cares nothing for the society of witnesses, is in no wayincommoded by the presence of the corpse, takes his own time aboutdisposing of it, and the whole party are so indifferent, so phlegmatic,that they take their regular sleep as if nothing was happening and nohalters hanging over them; and these five bland people close the episodewith a religious service.
the thing reads like a meadows-taylor thug-taleof half a century ago, as may be seen by the official report of thetrial:     "at the mazagon police court yesterday, superintendent nolan again     charged tookaram suntoo savat baya, woman, her daughter krishni, and     gopal vithoo bhanayker, before mr. phiroze hoshang dastur, fourth     presidency magistrate, under sections 302 and 109 of the code, with     having on the night of the 30th of december last murdered a hindoo     girl named cassi, aged 12, by strangulation, in the room of a chawl     at jakaria bunder, on the sewriroad, and also with aiding and     abetting each other in the commission of the offense.
"mr. f. a. little, public prosecutor, conducted the case on behalf     of the crown, the accused being undefended.
"mr. little applied under the provisions of the criminal procedure     code to tender pardon to one of the accused, krishni, woman, aged     22, on her undertaking to make a true and full statement of facts     under which the deceased girl cassi was murdered.
"the magistrate having granted the public prosecutor's application,     the accused krishni went into the witness-box, and, on being     examined by mr. little, made the following confession:--i am a     mill-hand employed at the jubilee mill.
i recollect the day     (tuesday); on which the body of the deceased cassi was found.
previous to that i attended the mill for half a day, and then     returned home at 3 in the afternoon, when i saw five persons in the     house, viz.
: the first accused tookaram, who is my paramour, my     mother, the second accused baya, the accused gopal, and two guests     named ramji daji and annaji gungaram.
tookaram rented the room of     the chawl situated at jakaria bunder-road from its owner,     girdharilal radhakishan, and in that room i, my paramour, tookaram,     and his younger brother, yesso mahadhoo, live.
since his arrival in     bombay from his native country yesso came and lived with us.
when i     returned from the mill on the afternoon of that day, i saw the two     guests seated on a cot in the veranda, and a few minutes after the     accused gopal came and took his seat by their side, while i and my     mother were seated inside the room.
tookaram, who had gone out to     fetch some 'pan' and betelnuts, on his return home had brought the     two guests with him.
after returning home he gave them 'pan     supari'.
while they were eating it my mother came out of the room     and inquired of one of the guests, ramji, what had happened to his     foot, when he replied that he had tried many remedies, but they had     done him no good.
my mother then took some rice in her hand and     prophesied that the disease which ramji was suffering from would not     be cured until he returned to his native country.
in the meantime     the deceased casi came from the direction of an out-house, and stood     in front on the threshold of our room with a 'lota' in her hand.
tookaram then told his two guests to leave the room, and they then     went up the steps towards the quarry.
after the guests had gone     away, tookaram seized the deceased, who had come into the room, and     he afterwards put a waistband around her, and tied her to a post     which supports a loft.
after doing this, he pressed the girl's     throat, and, having tied her mouth with the 'dhotur' (now shown in     court), fastened it to the post.
having killed the girl, tookaram     removed her gold head ornament and a gold 'putlee', and also took     charge of her 'lota'.
besides these two ornaments cassi had on her     person ear-studs, a nose-ring, some silver toe-rings, two necklaces,     a pair of silver anklets and bracelets.
tookaram afterwards tried     to remove the silver amulets, the ear-studs, and the nose-ring; but     he failed in his attempt.
while he was doing so, i, my mother, and     gopal were present.
after removing the two gold ornaments, he     handed them over to gopal, who was at the time standing near me.
when he killed cassi, tookaram threatened to strangle me also if i     informed any one of this.
gopal and myself were then standing at     the door of our room, and we both were threatened by tookaram.
my     mother, baya, had seized the legs of the deceased at the time she     was killed, and whilst she was being tied to the post.
cassi then     made a noise.
tookaram and my mother took part in killing the girl.
after the murder her body was wrapped up in a mattress and kept on     the loft over the door of our room.
when cassi was strangled, the     door of the room was fastened from the inside by tookaram.
this     deed was committed shortly after my return home from work in the     mill.
tookaram put the body of the deceased in the mattress, and,     after it was left on the loft, he went to have his head shaved by a     barber named sambhoo raghoo, who lives only one door away from me.
my mother and myself then remained in the possession of the     information.
i was slapped and threatened by my paramour, tookaram,     and that was the only reason why i did not inform any one at that     time.
when i told tookaram that i would give information of the     occurrence, he slapped me.
the accused gopal was asked by tookaram     to go back to his room, and he did so, taking away with him the two     gold ornaments and the 'lota'.
yesso mahadhoo, a brother-in-law of     tookaram, came to the house and asked tookaram why he was washing,     the water-pipe being just opposite.
tookaram replied that he was     washing his dhotur, as a fowl had polluted it.
about 6 o'clock of     the evening of that day my mother gave me three pice and asked me to     buy a cocoanut, and i gave the money to yessoo, who went and fetched     a cocoanut and some betel leaves.
when yessoo and others were in     the room i was bathing, and, after i finished my bath, my mother     took the cocoanut and the betel leaves from yessoo, and we five went     to the sea.
the party consisted of tookaram, my mother, yessoo,     tookaram's younger brother, and myself.
on reaching the seashore,     my mother made the offering to the sea, and prayed to be pardoned     for what we had done.
before we went to the sea, some one came to     inquire after the girl cassi.
the police and other people came to     make these inquiries both before and after we left the house for the     seashore.
the police questioned my mother about the girl, and she     replied that cassi had come to her door, but had left.
the next day     the police questioned tookaram, and he, too, gave a similar reply.
this was said the same night when the search was made for the girl.
after the offering was made to the sea, we partook of the cocoanut     and returned home, when my mother gave me some food; but tookaram     did not partake of any food that night.
after dinner i and my     mother slept inside the room, and tookaram slept on a cot near his     brother-in-law, yessoo mahadhoo, just outside the door.
that was     not the usual place where tookaram slept.
he usually slept inside     the room.
the body of the deceased remained on the loft when i went     to sleep.
the room in which we slept was locked, and i heard that     my paramour, tookaram, was restless outside.
about 3 o'clock the     following morning tookaram knocked at the door, when both myself and     my mother opened it.
he then told me to go to the steps leading to     the quarry, and see if any one was about.
those steps lead to a     stable, through which we go to the quarry at the back of the     compound.
when i got to the steps i saw no one there.
tookaram     asked me if any one was there, and i replied that i could see no one     about.
he then took the body of the deceased from the loft, and     having wrapped it up in his saree, asked me to accompany him to the     steps of the quarry, and i did so.
the 'saree' now produced here     was the same.
besides the 'saree', there was also a 'cholee' on the     body.
he then carried the body in his arms, and went up the steps,     through the stable, and then to the right hand towards a sahib's     bungalow, where tookaram placed the body near a wall.
all the time     i and my mother were with him.
when the body was taken down, yessoo     was lying on the cot.
after depositing the body under the wall, we     all returned home, and soon after 5 a.m.  the police again came and     took tookaram away.
about an hour after they returned and took me     and my mother away.
we were questioned about it, when i made a     statement.
two hours later i was taken to the room, and i pointed     out this waistband, the 'dhotur', the mattress, and the wooden post     to superintendent nolan and inspectors roberts and rashanali, in the     presence of my mother and tookaram.
tookaram killed the girl cassi     for her ornaments, which he wanted for the girl to whom he was     shortly going to be married.
the body was found in the same place     where it was deposited by tookaram."
the criminal side of the native has always been picturesque, alwaysreadable.
the thuggee and one or two other particularly outrageousfeatures of it have been suppressed by the english, but there is enoughof it left to keep it darkly interesting.
one finds evidence of thesesurvivals in the newspapers.
macaulay has a light-throwing passage uponthis matter in his great historical sketch of warren hastings, where heis describing some effects which followed the temporary paralysis ofhastings' powerful government brought about by sir philip francis and hisparty:     "the natives considered hastings as a fallen man; and they acted     after their kind.
some of our readers may have seen, in india, a     cloud of crows pecking a sick vulture to death--no bad type of what     happens in that country as often as fortune deserts one who has been     great and dreaded.
in an instant all the sycophants, who had lately     been ready to lie for him, to forge for him, to pander for him, to     poison for him, hasten to purchase the favor of his victorious     enemies by accusing him.
an indian government has only to let it be     understood that it wishes a particular man to be ruined, and in     twenty-four hours it will be furnished with grave charges, supported     by depositions so full and circumstantial that any person     unaccustomed to asiatic mendacity would regard them as decisive.
it     is well if the signature of the destined victim is not counterfeited     at the foot of some illegal compact, and if some treasonable paper     is not slipped into a hiding-place in his house."
that was nearly a century and a quarter ago.
an article in one of thechief journals of india (the pioneer) shows that in some respects thenative of to-day is just what his ancestor was then.
here are nicetiesof so subtle and delicate a sort that they lift their breed of rascalityto a place among the fine arts, and almost entitle it to respect:     "the records of the indian courts might certainly be relied upon to     prove that swindlers as a class in the east come very close to, if     they do not surpass, in brilliancy of execution and originality of     design the most expert of their fraternity in europe and america.
india in especial is the home of forgery.
there are some particular     districts which are noted as marts for the finest specimens of the     forger's handiwork.
the business is carried on by firms who possess     stores of stamped papers to suit every emergency.
they habitually     lay in a store of fresh stamped papers every year, and some of the     older and more thriving houses can supply documents for the past     forty years, bearing the proper water-mark and possessing the     genuine appearance of age.
other districts have earned notoriety     for skilled perjury, a pre-eminence that excites a respectful     admiration when one thinks of the universal prevalence of the art,     and persons desirous of succeeding in false suits are ready to pay     handsomely to avail themselves of the services of these local     experts as witnesses."
various instances illustrative of the methods of these swindlers aregiven.
they exhibit deep cunning and total depravity on the part of theswindler and his pals, and more obtuseness on the part of the victim thanone would expect to find in a country where suspicion of your neighbormust surely be one of the earliest things learned.
the favorite subjectis the young fool who has just come into a fortune and is trying to seehow poor a use he can put it to.
i will quote one example:     "sometimes another form of confidence trick is adopted, which is     invariably successful.
the particular pigeon is spotted, and, his     acquaintance having been made, he is encouraged in every form of     vice.
when the friendship is thoroughly established, the swindler     remarks to the young man that he has a brother who has asked him to     lend him rs.10,000.
the swindler says he has the money and would     lend it; but, as the borrower is his brother, he cannot charge     interest.
so he proposes that he should hand the dupe the money,     and the latter should lend it to the swindler's brother, exacting a     heavy pre-payment of interest which, it is pointed out, they may     equally enjoy in dissipation.
the dupe sees no objection, and on     the appointed day receives rs.7,000 from the swindler, which he     hands over to the confederate.
the latter is profuse in his thanks,     and executes a promissory note for rs.10,000, payable to bearer.
the swindler allows the scheme to remain quiescent for a time, and     then suggests that, as the money has not been repaid and as it would     be unpleasant to sue his brother, it would be better to sell the     note in the bazaar.
the dupe hands the note over, for the money he     advanced was not his, and, on being informed that it would be     necessary to have his signature on the back so as to render the     security negotiable, he signs without any hesitation.
the swindler     passes it on to confederates, and the latter employ a respectable     firm of solicitors to ask the dupe if his signature is genuine.
he     admits it at once, and his fate is sealed.
a suit is filed by a     confederate against the dupe, two accomplices being made     co-defendants.
they admit their signatures as indorsers, and the     one swears he bought the note for value from the dupe.
the latter     has no defense, for no court would believe the apparently idle     explanation of the manner in which he came to endorse the note."
there is only one india!
it is the only country that has a monopoly ofgrand and imposing specialties.
when another country has a remarkablething, it cannot have it all to itself--some other country has aduplicate.
but india--that is different.
its marvels are its own; thepatents cannot be infringed; imitations are not possible.
and think ofthe size of them, the majesty of them, the weird and outlandish characterof the most of them!
there is the plague, the black death: india invented it; india is thecradle of that mighty birth.
the car of juggernaut was india's invention.
so was the suttee; and within the time of men still living eight hundredwidows willingly, and, in fact, rejoicingly, burned themselves to deathon the bodies of their dead husbands in a single year.
eight hundredwould do it this year if the british government would let them.
famine is india's specialty.
elsewhere famines are inconsequentialincidents--in india they are devastating cataclysms; in one case theyannihilate hundreds; in the other, millions.
india has 2,000,000 gods, and worships them all.
in religion all othercountries are paupers; india is the only millionaire.
with her everything is on a giant scale--even her poverty; no othercountry can show anything to compare with it.
and she has been used towealth on so vast a scale that she has to shorten to single words theexpressions describing great sums.
she describes 100,000 with one word--a 'lahk'; she describes ten millions with one word--a 'crore'.
in the bowels of the granite mountains she has patiently carved outdozens of vast temples, and made them glorious with sculptured colonnadesand stately groups of statuary, and has adorned the eternal walls withnoble paintings.
she has built fortresses of such magnitude that theshow-strongholds of the rest of the world are but modest little things bycomparison; palaces that are wonders for rarity of materials, delicacyand beauty of workmanship, and for cost; and one tomb which men go aroundthe globe to see.
it takes eighty nations, speaking eighty languages, topeople her, and they number three hundred millions.
on top of all this she is the mother and home of that wonder of wonders--caste--and of that mystery of mysteries, the satanic brotherhood of thethugs.
india had the start of the whole world in the beginning of things.
shehad the first civilization; she had the first accumulation of materialwealth; she was populous with deep thinkers and subtle intellects; shehad mines, and woods, and a fruitful soil.
it would seem as if sheshould have kept the lead, and should be to-day not the meek dependent ofan alien master, but mistress of the world, and delivering law andcommand to every tribe and nation in it.
but, in truth, there was neverany possibility of such supremacy for her.
if there had been but oneindia and one language--but there were eighty of them!
where there areeighty nations and several hundred governments, fighting and quarrelingmust be the common business of life; unity of purpose and policy areimpossible; out of such elements supremacy in the world cannot come.
even caste itself could have had the defeating effect of a multiplicityof tongues, no doubt; for it separates a people into layers, and layers,and still other layers, that have no community of feeling with eachother; and in such a condition of things as that, patriotism can have nohealthy growth.
it was the division of the country into so many states and nations thatmade thuggee possible and prosperous.
it is difficult to realize thesituation.
but perhaps one may approximate it by imagining the states ofour union peopled by separate nations, speaking separate languages, withguards and custom-houses strung along all frontiers, plenty ofinterruptions for travelers and traders, interpreters able to handle allthe languages very rare or non-existent, and a few wars always going onhere and there and yonder as a further embarrassment to commerce andexcursioning.
it would make intercommunication in a measure ungeneral.
india had eighty languages, and more custom-houses than cats.
no cleverman with the instinct of a highway robber could fail to notice what achance for business was here offered.
india was full of clever men withthe highwayman instinct, and so, quite naturally, the brotherhood of thethugs came into being to meet the long-felt want.
how long ago that was nobody knows--centuries, it is supposed.
one ofthechiefest wonders connected with it was the success with which it kept itssecret.
the english trader did business in india two hundred years andmore before he ever heard of it; and yet it was assassinating itsthousands all around him every year, the whole time.
from diary:january 28.   i learned of an official thug-book the other day.
i wasnot aware before that there was such a thing.
i am allowed the temporaryuse of it.
we are making preparations for travel.
mainly thepreparations are purchases of bedding.
this is to be used in sleepingberths in the trains; in private houses sometimes; and in nine-tenths ofthe hotels.
it is not realizable; and yet it is true.
it is a survival;an apparently unnecessary thing which in some strange way has outlivedthe conditions which once made it necessary.
it comes down from a timewhen the railway and the hotel did not exist; when the occasional whitetraveler went horseback or by bullock-cart, and stopped over night in thesmall dak-bungalow provided at easy distances by the government--ashelter, merely, and nothing more.
he had to carry bedding along, or dowithout.
the dwellings of the english residents are spacious andcomfortable and commodiously furnished, and surely it must be an oddsight to see half a dozen guests come filing into such a place anddumping blankets and pillows here and there and everywhere.
but custommakes incongruous things congruous.
one buys the bedding, with waterproof hold-all for it at almost any shop--there is no difficulty about it.
january 30.  what a spectacle the railway station was, at train-time!
itwas a very large station, yet when we arrived it seemed as if the wholeworld was present--half of it inside, the other half outside, and bothhalves, bearing mountainous head-loads of bedding and other freight,trying simultaneously to pass each other, in opposing floods, in onenarrow door.
these opposing floods were patient, gentle, long-sufferingnatives, with whites scattered among them at rare intervals; and wherevera white man's native servant appeared, that native seemed to have putaside his natural gentleness for the time and invested himself with thewhite man's privilege of making a way for himself by promptly shoving allintervening black things out of it.
in these exhibitions of authoritysatan was scandalous.
he was probably a thug in one of his formerincarnations.
inside the great station, tides upon tides of rainbow-costumed nativesswept along, this way and that, in massed and bewildering confusion,eager, anxious, belated, distressed; and washed up to the long trains andflowed into them with their packs and bundles, and disappeared, followedat once by the next wash, the next wave.
and here and there, in themidst of this hurly-burly, and seemingly undisturbed by it, sat greatgroups of natives on the bare stone floor,--young, slender brown women,old, gray wrinkled women, little soft brown babies, old men, young men,boys; all poor people, but all the females among them, both big andlittle, bejeweled with cheap and showy nose-rings, toe-rings, leglets,and armlets, these things constituting all their wealth, no doubt.
thesesilent crowds sat there with their humble bundles and baskets and smallhousehold gear about them, and patiently waited--for what?
a train thatwas to start at some time or other during the day or night!
they hadn'ttimed themselves well, but that was no matter--the thing had been soordered from on high, therefore why worry?
there was plenty of time,hours and hours of it, and the thing that was to happen would happen--there was no hurrying it.
the natives traveled third class, and at marvelously cheap rates.
theywere packed and crammed into cars that held each about fifty; and it wassaid that often a brahmin of the highest caste was thus brought intopersonal touch, and consequent defilement, with persons of the lowestcastes--no doubt a very shocking thing if a body could understand it andproperly appreciate it.
yes, a brahmin who didn't own a rupee andcouldn't borrow one, might have to touch elbows with a rich hereditarylord of inferior caste, inheritor of an ancient title a couple of yardslong, and he would just have to stand it; for if either of the two wasallowed to go in the cars where the sacred white people were, it probablywouldn't be the august poor brahmin.
there was an immense string ofthose third-class cars, for the natives travel by hordes; and a wearyhard night of it the occupants would have, no doubt.
when we reached our car, satan and barney had already arrived there withtheir train of porters carrying bedding and parasols and cigar boxes, andwere at work.
we named him barney for short; we couldn't use his realname, there wasn't time.
it was a car that promised comfort; indeed, luxury.
yet the cost of it--well, economy could no further go; even in france; not even in italy.
itwas built of the plainest and cheapest partially-smoothed boards, with acoating of dull paint on them, and there was nowhere a thought ofdecoration.
the floor was bare, but would not long remain so when thedust should begin to fly.
across one end of the compartment ran anetting for the accommodation of hand-baggage; at the other end was adoor which would shut, upon compulsion, but wouldn't stay shut; it openedinto a narrow little closet which had a wash-bowl in one end of it, and aplace to put a towel, in case you had one with you--and you would be sureto have towels, because you buy them with the bedding, knowing that therailway doesn't furnish them.
on each side of the car, and running foreand aft, was a broad leather-covered sofa to sit on in the day and sleepon at night.
over each sofa hung, by straps, a wide, flat,leather-covered shelf--to sleep on.
in the daytime you can hitch it upagainst the wall, out of the way--and then you have a big unencumberedand most comfortable room to spread out in.
no car in any country isquite its equal for comfort (and privacy) i think.
for usually there arebut two persons in it; and even when there are four there is but littlesense of impaired privacy.
our own cars at home can surpass the railwayworld in all details but that one: they have no cosiness; there are toomany people together.
at the foot of each sofa was a side-door, for entrance and exit.
along the whole length of the sofa on each side of the car ran a row oflarge single-plate windows, of a blue tint--blue to soften the bitterglare of the sun and protect one's eyes from torture.
these could be letdown out of the way when one wanted the breeze.
in the roof were two oillamps which gave a light strong enough to read by; each had a green-clothattachment by which it could be covered when the light should be nolonger needed.
while we talked outside with friends, barney and satan placed thehand-baggage, books, fruits, and soda-bottles in the racks, and thehold-alls and heavy baggage in the closet, hung the overcoats andsun-helmets and towels on the hooks, hoisted the two bed-shelves up outof the way, then shouldered their bedding and retired to the third class.
now then, you see what a handsome, spacious, light, airy, homelike placeit was, wherein to walk up and down, or sit and write, or stretch out andread and smoke.
a central door in the forward end of the compartmentopened into a similar compartment.
it was occupied by my wife anddaughter.
about nine in the evening, while we halted a while at astation, barney and satan came and undid the clumsy big hold-alls, andspread the bedding on the sofas in both compartments--mattresses, sheets,gay coverlets, pillows, all complete; there are no chambermaids in india--apparently it was an office that was never heard of.
then theyclosed the communicating door, nimbly tidied up our place, put thenight-clothing on the beds and the slippers under them, then returnedto their own quarters.
january 31.  it was novel and pleasant, and i stayed awake as long as icould, to enjoy it, and to read about those strange people the thugs.
inmy sleep they remained with me, and tried to strangle me.
the leader ofthe gang was that giant hindoo who was such a picture in the strong lightwhen we were leaving those hindoo betrothal festivities at two o'clock inthe morning--rao bahadur baskirao balinkanje pitale, vakeel to thegaikwar of baroda.
it was he that brought me the invitation from hismaster to go to baroda and lecture to that prince--and now he wasmisbehaving in my dreams.
but all things can happen in dreams.
it isindeed as the sweet singer of michigan says--irrelevantly, of course, forthe one and unfailing great quality which distinguishes her poetry fromshakespeare's and makes it precious to us is its stern and simpleirrelevancy:               my heart was gay and happy,               this was ever in my mind,               there is better times a coming,               and i hope some day to find               myself capable of composing,               it was my heart's delight               to compose on a sentimental subject               if it came in my mind just right.
--["the sentimental song book," p. 49; theme, "the author's early life,"19th stanza.]
arrived at 7 this morning.
the dawn was just beginning toshow.
it was forlorn to have to turn out in a strange place at such atime, and the blinking lights in the station made it seem night still.
but the gentlemen who had come to receive us were there with theirservants, and they make quick work; there was no lost time.
we were soonoutside and moving swiftly through the soft gray light, and presentlywere comfortably housed--with more servants to help than we were used to,and with rather embarassingly important officials to direct them.
but itwas custom; they spoke ballarat english, their bearing was charming andhospitable, and so all went well.
breakfast was a satisfaction.
across the lawns was visible in thedistance through the open window an indian well, with two oxen trampingleisurely up and down long inclines, drawing water; and out of thestillness came the suffering screech of the machinery--not quite musical,and yet soothingly melancholy and dreamy and reposeful--a wail of lostspirits, one might imagine.
and commemorative and reminiscent, perhaps;for of course the thugs used to throw people down that well when theywere done with them.
after breakfast the day began, a sufficiently busy one.
we were drivenby winding roads through a vast park, with noble forests of great trees,and with tangles and jungles of lovely growths of a humbler sort; and atone place three large gray apes came out and pranced across the road--agood deal of a surprise and an unpleasant one, for such creatures belongin the menagerie, and they look artificial and out of place in awilderness.
we came to the city, by and by, and drove all through it.
intenselyindian, it was, and crumbly, and mouldering, and immemorially old, to allappearance.
and the houses--oh, indescribably quaint and curious theywere, with their fronts an elaborate lace-work of intricate and beautifulwood-carving, and now and then further adorned with rude pictures ofelephants and princes and gods done in shouting colors; and all theground floors along these cramped and narrow lanes occupied as shops--shops unbelievably small and impossibly packed with merchantablerubbish,and with nine-tenths-naked natives squatting at their work of hammering,pounding, brazing, soldering, sewing, designing, cooking, measuring outgrain, grinding it, repairing idols--and then the swarm of ragged andnoisy humanity under the horses' feet and everywhere, and the pervadingreek and fume and smell!
it was all wonderful and delightful.
imagine a file of elephants marching through such a crevice of a streetand scraping the paint off both sides of it with their hides.
how bigthey must look, and how little they must make the houses look; and whenthe elephants are in their glittering court costume, what a contrast theymust make with the humble and sordid surroundings.
and when a madelephant goes raging through, belting right and left with his trunk, howdo these swarms of people get out of the way?
i suppose it is a thingwhich happens now and then in the mad season (for elephants have a madseason).
i wonder how old the town is.
there are patches of building--massivestructures, monuments, apparently--that are so battered and worn, andseemingly so tired and so burdened with the weight of age, and so dulledand stupefied with trying to remember things they forgot before historybegan, that they give one the feeling that they must have been a part oforiginal creation.
this is indeed one of the oldest of the princedoms ofindia, and has always been celebrated for its barbaric pomps andsplendors, and for the wealth of its princes.
out of the town again; a long drive through open country, by windingroads among secluded villages nestling in the inviting shade of tropicvegetation, a sabbath stillness everywhere, sometimes a pervading senseof solitude, but always barefoot natives gliding by like spirits, withoutsound of footfall, and others in the distance dissolving away andvanishing like the creatures of dreams.
now and then a string of statelycamels passed by--always interesting things to look at--and they werevelvet-shod by nature, and made no noise.
indeed, there were no noisesof any sort in this paradise.
yes, once there was one, for a moment: afile of native convicts passed along in charge of an officer, and wecaught the soft clink of their chains.
in a retired spot, restinghimself under a tree, was a holy person--a naked black fakeer, thin andskinny, and whitey-gray all over with ashes.
by and by to the elephant stables, and i took a ride; but it was byrequest--i did not ask for it, and didn't want it; but i took it, becauseotherwise they would have thought i was afraid, which i was.
theelephant kneels down, by command--one end of him at a time--and you climbthe ladder and get into the howdah, and then he gets up, one end at atime, just as a ship gets up over a wave; and after that, as he stridesmonstrously about, his motion is much like a ship's motion.
the mahoutbores into the back of his head with a great iron prod and you wonder athis temerity and at the elephant's patience, and you think that perhapsthe patience will not last; but it does, and nothing happens.
the mahouttalks to the elephant in a low voice all the time, and the elephant seemsto understand it all and to be pleased with it; and he obeys every orderin the most contented and docile way.
among these twenty-five elephantswere two which were larger than any i had ever seen before, and if i hadthought i could learn to not be afraid, i would have taken one of themwhile the police were not looking.
in the howdah-house there were many howdahs that were made of silver, oneof gold, and one of old ivory, and equipped with cushions and canopies ofrich and costly stuffs.
the wardrobe of the elephants was there, too;vast velvet covers stiff and heavy with gold embroidery; and bells ofsilver and gold; and ropes of these metals for fastening the things on--harness, so to speak; and monster hoops of massive gold for the elephantto wear on his ankles when he is out in procession on business of state.
but we did not see the treasury of crown jewels, and that was adisappointment, for in mass and richness it ranks only second in india.
by mistake we were taken to see the new palace instead, and we used upthe last remnant of our spare time there.
it was a pity, too; for thenew palace is mixed modern american-european, and has not a merit exceptcostliness.
it is wholly foreign to india, and impudent and out ofplace.
the architect has escaped.
this comes of overdoing thesuppression of the thugs; they had their merits.
the old palace isoriental and charming, and in consonance with the country.
the oldpalace would still be great if there were nothing of it but the spaciousand lofty hall where the durbars are held.
it is not a good place tolecture in, on account of the echoes, but it is a good place to holddurbars in and regulate the affairs of a kingdom, and that is what it isfor.
if i had it i would have a durbar every day, instead of once ortwice a year.
the prince is an educated gentleman.
his culture is european.
he hasbeen in europe five times.
people say that this is costly amusement forhim, since in crossing the sea he must sometimes be obliged to drinkwater from vessels that are more or less public, and thus damage hiscaste.
to get it purified again he must make pilgrimage to some renownedhindoo temples and contribute a fortune or two to them.
his people arelike the other hindoos, profoundly religious; and they could not becontent with a master who was impure.
we failed to see the jewels, but we saw the gold cannon and the silverone--they seemed to be six-pounders.
they were not designed forbusiness, but for salutes upon rare and particularly important stateoccasions.
an ancestor of the present gaikwar had the silver one made,and a subsequent ancestor had the gold one made, in order to outdo him.
this sort of artillery is in keeping with the traditions of baroda, whichwas of old famous for style and show.
it used to entertain visitingrajahs and viceroys with tiger-fights, elephant-fights, illuminations,and elephant-processions of the most glittering and gorgeous character.
it makes the circus a pale, poor thing.
in the train, during a part of the return journey from baroda, we had thecompany of a gentleman who had with him a remarkable looking dog.
i hadnot seen one of its kind before, as far as i could remember; though ofcourse i might have seen one and not noticed it, for i am not acquaintedwith dogs, but only with cats.
this dog's coat was smooth and shiny andblack, and i think it had tan trimmings around the edges of the dog, andperhaps underneath.
it was a long, low dog, with very short, strangelegs--legs that curved inboard, something like parentheses turned thewrong way (.
indeed, it was made on the plan of a bench for length and lowness.
itseemed to be satisfied, but i thought the plan poor, and structurallyweak, on account of the distance between the forward supports and thoseabaft.
with age the dog's back was likely to sag; and it seemed to methat it would have been a stronger and more practicable dog if it had hadsome more legs.
it had not begun to sag yet, but the shape of the legsshowed that the undue weight imposed upon them was beginning to tell.
it had a long nose, and floppy ears that hung down, and a resignedexpression of countenance.
i did not like to ask what kind of a dog itwas, or how it came to be deformed, for it was plain that the gentlemanwas very fond of it, and naturally he could be sensitive about it.
fromdelicacy i thought it best not to seem to notice it too much.
no doubt aman with a dog like that feels just as a person does who has a child thatis out of true.
the gentleman was not merely fond of the dog, he wasalso proud of it--just the same again, as a mother feels about herchild when it is an idiot.
i could see that he was proud of it,not-withstanding it was such a long dog and looked so resigned and pious.
it had been all over the world with him, and had been pilgriming likethat for years and years.
it had traveled 50,000 miles by sea and rail,and had ridden in front of him on his horse 8,000.  it had a silver medalfrom the geographical society of great britain for its travels, and i sawit.
it had won prizes in dog shows, both in india and in england--i sawthem.
he said its pedigree was on record in the kennel club, and that itwas a well-known dog.
he said a great many people in london couldrecognize it the moment they saw it.
i did not say anything, but i didnot think it anything strange; i should know that dog again, myself, yeti am not careful about noticing dogs.
he said that when he walked alongin london, people often stopped and looked at the dog.
of course i didnot say anything, for i did not want to hurt his feelings, but i couldhave explained to him that if you take a great long low dog like that andwaddle it along the street anywhere in the world and not charge anything,people will stop and look.
he was gratified because the dog took prizes.
but that was nothing; if i were built like that i could take prizesmyself.
i wished i knew what kind of a dog it was, and what it was for,but i could not very well ask, for that would show that i did not know.
not that i want a dog like that, but only to know the secret of itsbirth.
i think he was going to hunt elephants with it, because i know, fromremarks dropped by him, that he has hunted large game in india andafrica, and likes it.
but i think that if he tries to hunt elephantswith it, he is going to be disappointed.
i do not believe that it is suited for elephants.
it lacks energy, itlacks force of character, it lacks bitterness.
these things all show inthe meekness and resignation of its expression.
it would not attack anelephant, i am sure of it.
it might not run if it saw one coming, but itlooked to me like a dog that would sit down and pray.
i wish he had told me what breed it was, if there are others; but i shallknow the dog next time, and then if i can bring myself to it i will putdelicacy aside and ask.
if i seem strangely interested in dogs, i have areason for it; for a dog saved me from an embarrassing position once, andthat has made me grateful to these animals; and if by study i could learnto tell some of the kinds from the others, i should be greatly pleased.
i only know one kind apart, yet, and that is the kind that saved me thattime.
i always know that kind when i meet it, and if it is hungry orlost i take care of it.
the matter happened in this way:it was years and years ago.
i had received a note from mr. augustin dalyof the fifth avenue theatre, asking me to call the next time i should bein new york.
i was writing plays, in those days, and he was admiringthem and trying to get me a chance to get them played in siberia.
i tookthe first train--the early one--the one that leaves hartford at 8.29 inthe morning.
at new haven i bought a paper, and found it filled withglaring display-lines about a "bench-show" there.
i had often heard ofbench-shows, but had never felt any interest in them, because i supposedthey were lectures that were not well attended.
it turned out, now, thatit was not that, but a dog-show.
there was a double-leaded column aboutthe king-feature of this one, which was called a saint bernard, and wasworth $10,000, and was known to be the largest and finest of his speciesin the world.
i read all this with interest, because out of myschool-boy readings i dimly remembered how the priests and pilgrims ofst. bernard used to go out in the storms and dig these dogs out of thesnowdrifts when lost and exhausted, and give them brandy and save theirlives, and drag them to the monastery and restore them with gruel.
also, there was a picture of this prize-dog in the paper, a noble greatcreature with a benignant countenance, standing by a table.
he wasplaced in that way so that one could get a right idea of his greatdimensions.
you could see that he was just a shade higher than thetable--indeed, a huge fellow for a dog.
then there was a descriptionwhich went into the details.
it gave his enormous weight--150 1/2pounds, and his length 4 feet 2 inches, from stem to stern-post; and hisheight--3 feet 1 inch, to the top of his back.
the pictures and thefigures so impressed me, that i could see the beautiful colossus beforeme, and i kept on thinking about him for the next two hours; then ireached new york, and he dropped out of my mind.
in the swirl and tumult of the hotel lobby i ran across mr. daly'scomedian, the late james lewis, of beloved memory, and i casuallymentioned that i was going to call upon mr. daly in the evening at 8.he looked surprised, and said he reckoned not.
for answer i handed himmr. daly's note.
its substance was: "come to my private den, over thetheater, where we cannot be interrupted.
and come by the back way, notthe front.
642 sixth avenue is a cigar shop; pass through it and youare in a paved court, with high buildings all around; enter the seconddoor on the left, and come up stairs."
"is this all?"
"yes," i said.
"well, you'll never get in""why?"
"because you won't.
or if you do you can draw on me for a hundreddollars; for you will be the first man that has accomplished it intwenty-five years.
i can't think what mr. daly can have been absorbedin.
he has forgotten a most important detail, and he will feelhumiliated in the morning when he finds that you tried to get in andcouldn't."
"why, what is the trouble?"
"i'll tell you.
you see----"at that point we were swept apart by the crowd, somebody detained me witha moment's talk, and we did not get together again.
but it did notmatter; i believed he was joking, anyway.
at eight in the evening i passed through the cigar shop and into thecourt and knocked at the second door.
it was a small room, carpetless, dusty, with a naked dealtable, and two cheap wooden chairs for furniture.
a giant irishman wasstanding there, with shirt collar and vest unbuttoned, and no coat on.
iput my hat on the table, and was about to say something, when theirishman took the innings himself.
and not with marked courtesy of tone:"well, sor, what will you have?"
i was a little disconcerted, and my easy confidence suffered a shrinkage.
the man stood as motionless as gibraltar, and kept his unblinking eyeupon me.
it was very embarrassing, very humiliating.
i stammered at afalse start or two; then----"i have just run down from----""av ye plaze, ye'll not smoke here, ye understand."
i laid my cigar on the window-ledge; chased my flighty thoughts a moment,then said in a placating manner:"i--i have come to see mr.
"oh, ye have, have ye?"
"yes""well, ye'll not see him."
"but he asked me to come."
"oh, he did, did he?"
"yes, he sent me this note, and----""lemme see it."
for a moment i fancied there would be a change in the atmosphere, now;but this idea was premature.
the big man was examining the notesearchingly under the gas-jet.
a glance showed me that he had it upsidedown--disheartening evidence that he could not read.
"is ut his own handwrite?"
"yes--he wrote it himself."
"he did, did he?"
well, then, why ud he write it like that?"
"how do you mean?"
"i mane, why wudn't he put his naime to ut?"
"his name is to it.
that's not it--you are looking at my name."
i thought that that was a home shot, but he did not betray that he hadbeen hit.
he said:"it's not an aisy one to spell; how do you pronounce ut?"
i don't remember ut.
what is it ye wantto see him about?"
"it isn't i that want to see him, he wants to see me."
"oh, he does, does he?"
"what does he want to see ye about?"
"i don't know."
"ye don't know!
and ye confess it, becod!
well, i can tell ye wanthing--ye'll not see him.
are ye in the business?"
"the show business."
a fatal question.
i recognized that i was defeated.
if i answered no,he would cut the matter short and wave me to the door without the graceof a word--i saw it in his uncompromising eye; if i said i was alecturer, he would despise me, and dismiss me with opprobrious words; ifi said i was a dramatist, he would throw me out of the window.
i sawthat my case was hopeless, so i chose the course which seemed leasthumiliating: i would pocket my shame and glide out without answering.
the silence was growing lengthy.
"i'll ask ye again.
are ye in the show business yerself?"
i said it with splendid confidence; for in that moment the very twin ofthat grand new haven dog loafed into the room, and i saw that irishman'seye light eloquently with pride and affection.
and what is it?"
"i've got a bench-show in new haven."
the weather did change then.
"you don't say, sir!
and that's your show, sir!
oh, it's a grand show,it's a wonderful show, sir, and a proud man i am to see your honor thisday.
and ye'll be an expert, sir, and ye'll know all about dogs--morethan ever they know theirselves, i'll take me oath to ut."
i said, with modesty:"i believe i have some reputation that way.
in fact, my businessrequires it."
"ye have some reputation, your honor!
bedad i believe you!
there's nota jintleman in the worrld that can lay over ye in the judgmint of a dog,sir.
now i'll vinture that your honor'll know that dog's dimensionsthere better than he knows them his own self, and just by the casting ofyour educated eye upon him.
would you mind giving a guess, if ye'll beso good?"
i knew that upon my answer would depend my fate.
if i made this dogbigger than the prize-dog, it would be bad diplomacy, and suspicious; ifi fell too far short of the prizedog, that would be equally damaging.
the dog was standing by the table, and i believed i knew the differencebetween him and the one whose picture i had seen in the newspaper to ashade.
i spoke promptly up and said:"it's no trouble to guess this noble creature's figures: height, threefeet; length, four feet and three-quarters of an inch; weight, a hundredand forty-eight and a quarter."
the man snatched his hat from its peg and danced on it with joy,shouting:"ye've hardly missed it the hair's breadth, hardly the shade of a shade,your honor!
oh, it's the miraculous eye ye've got, for the judgmint of adog!"
and still pouring out his admiration of my capacities, he snatched offhis vest and scoured off one of the wooden chairs with it, and scrubbedit and polished it, and said:"there, sit down, your honor, i'm ashamed of meself that i forgot ye werestanding all this time; and do put on your hat, ye mustn't take cold,it's a drafty place; and here is your cigar, sir, a getting cold, i'llgive ye a light.
the place is all yours, sir, and if ye'll justput your feet on the table and make yourself at home, i'll stir aroundand get a candle and light ye up the ould crazy stairs and see that yedon't come to anny harm, for be this time mr. daly'll be that impatientto see your honor that he'll be taking the roof off."
he conducted me cautiously and tenderly up the stairs, lighting the wayand protecting me with friendly warnings, then pushed the door open andbowed me in and went his way, mumbling hearty things about my wonderfuleye for points of a dog.
mr. daly was writing and had his back to me.
he glanced over his shoulder presently, then jumped up and said--"oh, dear me, i forgot all about giving instructions.
i was just writingyou to beg a thousand pardons.
but how is it you are here?
how did youget by that irishman?
you are the first man that's done it in five andtwenty years.
you didn't bribe him, i know that; there's not moneyenough in new york to do it.
and you didn't persuade him; he is all iceand iron: there isn't a soft place nor a warm one in him anywhere.
whatis your secret?
look here; you owe me a hundred dollars forunintentionally giving you a chance to perform a miracle--for it is amiracle that you've done."
"that is all right," i said, "collect it of jimmy lewis."
that good dog not only did me that good turn in the time of my need, buthe won for me the envious reputation among all the theatrical people fromthe atlantic to the pacific of being the only man in history who had everrun the blockade of augustin daly's back door.
on the train.
fifty years ago, when i was a boy in the then remote andsparsely peopled mississippi valley, vague tales and rumors of amysterious body of professional murderers came wandering in from acountry which was constructively as far from us as the constellationsblinking in space--india; vague tales and rumors of a sect called thugs,who waylaid travelers in lonely places and killed them for thecontentment of a god whom they worshiped; tales which everybody liked tolisten to and nobody believed, except with reservations.
it wasconsidered that the stories had gathered bulk on their travels.
thematter died down and a lull followed.
then eugene sue's "wandering jew"appeared, and made great talk for a while.
one character in it was achief of thugs--"feringhea"--a mysterious and terrible indian who was asslippery and sly as a serpent, and as deadly; and he stirred up the thuginterest once more.
but it did not last.
it presently died again thistime to stay dead.
at first glance it seems strange that this should have happened; butreally it was not strange--on the contrary--it was natural; i mean onour side of the water.
for the source whence the thug tales mainly camewas a government report, and without doubt was not republished inamerica; it was probably never even seen there.
government reports haveno general circulation.
they are distributed to the few, and are notalways read by those few.
i heard of this report for the first time aday or two ago, and borrowed it.
it is full of fascinations; and itturns those dim, dark fairy tales of my boyhood days into realities.
the report was made in 1839 by major sleeman, of the indian service, andwas printed in calcutta in 1840.  it is a clumsy, great, fat, poor sampleof the printer's art, but good enough for a government printing-office inthat old day and in that remote region, perhaps.
to major sleeman wasgiven the general superintendence of the giant task of ridding india ofthuggee, and he and his seventeen assistants accomplished it.
it was theaugean stables over again.
captain vallancey, writing in a madrasjournal in those old times, makes this remark:     "the day that sees this far-spread evil eradicated from india and     known only in name, will greatly tend to immortalize british rule in     the east."
he did not overestimate the magnitude and difficulty of the work, nor theimmensity of the credit which would justly be due to british rule in caseit was accomplished.
thuggee became known to the british authorities in india about 1810, butits wide prevalence was not suspected; it was not regarded as a seriousmatter, and no systematic measures were taken for its suppression untilabout 1830.  about that time major sleeman captured eugene sue'sthug-chief, "feringhea," and got him to turn king's evidence.
therevelations were so stupefying that sleeman was not able to believe them.
sleeman thought he knew every criminal within his jurisdiction, and thatthe worst of them were merely thieves; but feringhea told him that he wasin reality living in the midst of a swarm of professional murderers; thatthey had been all about him for many years, and that they buried theirdead close by.
these seemed insane tales; but feringhea said come andsee--and he took him to a grave and dug up a hundred bodies, and told himall the circumstances of the killings, and named the thugs who had donethe work.
it was a staggering business.
sleeman captured some of thesethugs and proceeded to examine them separately, and with properprecautions against collusion; for he would not believe any indian'sunsupported word.
the evidence gathered proved the truth of whatferinghea had said, and also revealed the fact that gangs of thugs wereplying their trade all over india.
the astonished government now tookhold of thuggee, and for ten years made systematic and relentless warupon it, and finally destroyed it.
gang after gang was captured, tried,and punished.
the thugs were harried and hunted from one end of india tothe other.
the government got all their secrets out of them; and alsogot the names of the members of the bands, and recorded them in a book,together with their birthplaces and places of residence.
the thugs were worshipers of bhowanee; and to this god they sacrificedanybody that came handy; but they kept the dead man's things themselves,for the god cared for nothing but the corpse.
men were initiated intothe sect with solemn ceremonies.
then they were taught how to strangle aperson with the sacred choke-cloth, but were not allowed to performofficially with it until after long practice.
no half-educated stranglercould choke a man to death quickly enough to keep him from uttering asound--a muffled scream, gurgle, gasp, moan, or something of the sort;but the expert's work was instantaneous: the cloth was whipped around thevictim's neck, there was a sudden twist, and the head fell silentlyforward, the eyes starting from the sockets; and all was over.
the thugcarefully guarded against resistance.
it was usual to to get the victimsto sit down, for that was the handiest position for business.
if the thug had planned india itself it could not have been moreconveniently arranged for the needs of his occupation.
there were no public conveyances.
there were no conveyances for hire.
the traveler went on foot or in a bullock cart or on a horse which hebought for the purpose.
as soon as he was out of his own little state orprincipality he was among strangers; nobody knew him, nobody took note ofhim, and from that time his movements could no longer be traced.
he didnot stop in towns or villages, but camped outside of them and sent hisservants in to buy provisions.
there were no habitations betweenvillages.
whenever he was between villages he was an easy prey,particularly as he usually traveled by night, to avoid the heat.
he wasalways being overtaken by strangers who offered him the protection oftheir company, or asked for the protection of his--and these strangerswere often thugs, as he presently found out to his cost.
thelandholders, the native police, the petty princes, the village officials,the customs officers were in many cases protectors and harborers of thethugs, and betrayed travelers to them for a share of the spoil.
at firstthis condition of things made it next to impossible for the government tocatch the marauders; they were spirited away by these watchful friends.
all through a vast continent, thus infested, helpless people of everycaste and kind moved along the paths and trails in couples and groupssilently by night, carrying the commerce of the country--treasure,jewels, money, and petty batches of silks, spices, and all manner ofwares.
it was a paradise for the thug.
when the autumn opened, the thugs began to gather together bypre-concert.
other people had to have interpreters at every turn, butnot the thugs; they could talk together, no matter how far apart theywere born, for they had a language of their own, and they had secretsigns by which they knew each other for thugs; and they were alwaysfriends.
even their diversities of religion and caste were sunk indevotion to their calling, and the moslem and the high-caste andlow-caste hindoo were staunch and affectionate brothers in thuggery.
when a gang had been assembled, they had religious worship, and waitedfor an omen.
they had definite notions about the omens.
the cries ofcertain animals were good omens, the cries of certain other creatureswere bad omens.
a bad omen would stop proceedings and send the men home.
the sword and the strangling-cloth were sacred emblems.
the thugsworshiped the sword at home before going out to the assembling-place; thestrangling-cloth was worshiped at the place of assembly.
the chiefs ofmost of the bands performed the religious ceremonies themselves; but thekaets delegated them to certain official stranglers (chaurs).
the ritesof the kaets were so holy that no one but the chaur was allowed to touchthe vessels and other things used in them.
thug methods exhibit a curious mixture of caution and the absence of it;cold business calculation and sudden, unreflecting impulse; but therewere two details which were constant, and not subject to caprice: patientpersistence in following up the prey, and pitilessness when the time cameto act.
caution was exhibited in the strength of the bands.
they never feltcomfortable and confident unless their strength exceeded that of anyparty of travelers they were likely to meet by four or fivefold.
yet itwas never their purpose to attack openly, but only when the victims wereoff their guard.
when they got hold of a party of travelers they oftenmoved along in their company several days, using all manner of arts towin their friendship and get their confidence.
at last, when this wasaccomplished to their satisfaction, the real business began.
a few thugswere privately detached and sent forward in the dark to select a goodkilling-place and dig the graves.
when the rest reached the spot a haltwas called, for a rest or a smoke.
the travelers were invited to sit.
by signs, the chief appointed certain thugs to sit down in front of thetravelers as if to wait upon them, others to sit down beside them andengage them in conversation, and certain expert stranglers to standbehind the travelers and be ready when the signal was given.
the signalwas usually some commonplace remark, like "bring the tobacco."
sometimesa considerable wait ensued after all the actors were in their places--thechief was biding his time, in order to make everything sure.
meantime,the talk droned on, dim figures moved about in the dull light, peace andtranquility reigned, the travelers resigned themselves to the pleasantreposefulness and comfort of the situation, unconscious of thedeath-angels standing motionless at their backs.
the time was ripe, now,and the signal came: "bring the tobacco."
there was a mute swiftmovement, all in the same instant the men at each victim's sides seizedhis hands, the man in front seized his feet, and pulled, the man at hisback whipped the cloth around his neck and gave it a twist--the head sunkforward, the tragedy was over.
the bodies were stripped and covered upin the graves, the spoil packed for transportation, then the thugs gavepious thanks to bhowanee, and departed on further holy service.
the report shows that the travelers moved in exceedingly small groups--twos, threes, fours, as a rule; a party with a dozen in it was rare.
thethugs themselves seem to have been the only people who moved in force.
they went about in gangs of 10, 15, 25, 40, 60, 100, 150, 200, 250, andone gang of 310 is mentioned.
considering their numbers, their catch wasnot extraordinary--particularly when you consider that they were not inthe least fastidious, but took anybody they could get, whether rich orpoor, and sometimes even killed children.
now and then they killedwomen, but it was considered sinful to do it, and unlucky.
the "season"was six or eight months long.
one season the half dozen bundelkand andgwalior gangs aggregated 712 men, and they murdered 210 people.
oneseason the malwa and kandeish gangs aggregated 702 men, and they murdered232.  one season the kandeish and berar gangs aggregated 963 men, andthey murdered 385 people.
here is the tally-sheet of a gang of sixty thugs for a whole season--gangunder two noted chiefs, "chotee and sheik nungoo from gwalior":     "left poora, in jhansee, and on arrival at sarora murdered a     traveler.
"on nearly reaching bhopal, met 3 brahmins, and murdered them.
"cross the nerbudda; at a village called hutteea, murdered a hindoo.
"went through aurungabad to walagow; there met a havildar of the     barber caste and 5 sepoys (native soldiers); in the evening came to     jokur, and in the morning killed them near the place where the     treasure-bearers were killed the year before.
"between jokur and dholeea met a sepoy of the shepherd caste; killed     him in the jungle.
"passed through dholeea and lodged in a village; two miles beyond,     on the road to indore, met a byragee (beggar-holy mendicant);     murdered him at the thapa.
"in the morning, beyond the thapa, fell in with 3 marwarie     travelers; murdered them.
"near a village on the banks of the taptee met 4 travelers and     killed them.
"between choupra and dhoreea met a marwarie; murdered him.
"at dhoreea met 3 marwaries; took them two miles and murdered them.
"two miles further on, overtaken by three treasure-bearers; took     them two miles and murdered them in the jungle.
"came on to khurgore bateesa in indore, divided spoil, and     dispersed.
"a total of 27 men murdered on one expedition."
chotee (to save his neck) was informer, and furnished these facts.
several things are noticeable about his resume.
1. business brevity;2, absence of emotion; 3, smallness of the parties encountered by the 60;4, variety in character and quality of the game captured; 5, hindoo andmohammedan chiefs in business together for bhowanee; 6, the sacred casteof the brahmins not respected by either; 7, nor yet the character of thatmendicant, that byragee.
a beggar is a holy creature, and some of the gangs spared him on thataccount, no matter how slack business might be; but other gangsslaughtered not only him, but even that sacredest of sacred creatures,the fakeer--that repulsive skin-and-bone thing that goes around naked andmats his bushy hair with dust and dirt, and so beflours his lean bodywith ashes that he looks like a specter.
sometimes a fakeer trusted ashade too far in the protection of his sacredness.
in the middle of atally-sheet of feringhea's, who had been out with forty thugs, i find acase of the kind.
after the killing of thirty-nine men and one woman,the fakeer appears on the scene:     "approaching doregow, met 3 pundits; also a fakeer, mounted on a     pony; he was plastered over with sugar to collect flies, and was     covered with them.
drove off the fakeer, and killed the other     three.
"leaving doregow, the fakeer joined again, and went on in company to     raojana; met 6 khutries on their way from bombay to nagpore.
drove     off the fakeer with stones, and killed the 6 men in camp, and buried     them in the grove.
"next day the fakeer joined again; made him leave at mana.
beyond     there, fell in with two kahars and a sepoy, and came on towards the     place selected for the murder.
when near it, the fakeer came again.
losing all patience with him, gave mithoo, one of the gang, 5 rupees     ($2.50) to murder him, and take the sin upon himself.
all four were     strangled, including the fakeer.
surprised to find among the     fakeer's effects 30 pounds of coral, 350 strings of small pearls, 15     strings of large pearls, and a gilt necklace."
it it curious, the little effect that time has upon a really interestingcircumstance.
this one, so old, so long ago gone down into oblivion,reads with the same freshness and charm that attach to the news in themorning paper; one's spirits go up, then down, then up again, followingthe chances which the fakeer is running; now you hope, now you despair,now you hope again; and at last everything comes out right, and you feela great wave of personal satisfaction go weltering through you, andwithout thinking, you put out your hand to pat mithoo on the back, when--puff!
the whole thing has vanished away, there is nothing there; mithooand all the crowd have been dust and ashes and forgotten, oh, so many,many, many lagging years!
and then comes a sense of injury: you don'tknow whether mithoo got the swag, along with the sin, or had to divide upthe swag and keep all the sin himself.
there is no literary art about agovernment report.
it stops a story right in the most interesting place.
these reports of thug expeditions run along interminably in onemonotonous tune: "met a sepoy--killed him; met 5 pundits--killed them;met 4 rajpoots and a woman--killed them"--and so on, till the statisticsget to be pretty dry.
but this small trip of feringhea's forty had somelittle variety about it.
once they came across a man hiding in a grave--a thief; he had stolen 1,100 rupees from dhunroj seith of parowtee.
they strangled him and took the money.
they had no patience withthieves.
they killed two treasure-bearers, and got 4,000 rupees.
they came acrosstwo bullocks "laden with copper pice," and killed the four drivers andtook the money.
there must have been half a ton of it.
i think it takesa double handful of pice to make an anna, and 16 annas to make a rupee;and even in those days the rupee was worth only half a dollar.
comingback over their tracks from baroda, they had another picturesque strokeof luck:  "'the lohars of oodeypore' put a traveler in their charge forsafety."
dear, dear, across this abyssmal gulf of time we still seeferinghea's lips uncover his teeth, and through the dim haze we catch theincandescent glimmer of his smile.
he accepted that trust, good man; andso we know what went with the traveler.
even rajahs had no terrors for feringhea; he came across anelephant-driver belonging to the rajah of oodeypore and promptlystrangled him.
"a total of 100 men and 5 women murdered on this expedition."
among the reports of expeditions we find mention of victims of almostevery quality and estate:native soldiers.
male servants seeking work.
women servants seeking work.
also a prince's cook; and even the water-carrier of that sublime lord oflords and king of kings, the governor-general of india!
how broad theywere in their tastes!
they also murdered actors--poor wanderingbarnstormers.
there are two instances recorded; the first one by a gangof thugs under a chief who soils a great name borne by a better man--kipling's deathless "gungadin":     "after murdering 4 sepoys, going on toward indore, met 4 strolling     players, and persuaded them to come with us, on the pretense that we     would see their performance at the next stage.
murdered them at a     temple near bhopal."
second instance:     "at deohuttee, joined by comedians.
murdered them eastward of that     place."
but this gang was a particularly bad crew.
on that expedition theymurdered a fakeer and twelve beggars.
and yet bhowanee protected them;for once when they were strangling a man in a wood when a crowd was goingby close at hand and the noose slipped and the man screamed, bhowaneemade a camel burst out at the same moment with a roar that drowned thescream; and before the man could repeat it the breath was choked out ofhis body.
the cow is so sacred in india that to kill her keeper is an awfulsacrilege, and even the thugs recognized this; yet now and then the lustfor blood was too strong, and so they did kill a few cow-keepers.
in oneof these instances the witness who killed the cowherd said, "in thuggeethis is strictly forbidden, and is an act from which no good can come.
iwas ill of a fever for ten days afterward.
i do believe that evil willfollow the murder of a man with a cow.
if there be no cow it does notsignify."
another thug said he held the cowherd's feet while thiswitness did the strangling.
he felt no concern, "because the bad fortuneof such a deed is upon the strangler and not upon the assistants; even ifthere should be a hundred of them."
there were thousands of thugs roving over india constantly, during manygenerations.
they made thuggee a hereditary vocation and taught it totheir sons and to their son's sons.
boys were in full membership asearly as 16 years of age; veterans were still at work at 70.  what wasthe fascination, what was the impulse?
apparently, it was partly piety,largely gain, and there is reason to suspect that the sport afforded wasthe chiefest fascination of all.
meadows taylor makes a thug in one ofhis books claim that the pleasure of killing men was the white man'sbeast-hunting instinct enlarged, refined, ennobled.
i will quote thepassage:the thug said:"how many of you english are passionately devoted to sporting!
your daysand months are passed in its excitement.
a tiger, a panther, a buffaloor a hog rouses your utmost energies for its destruction--you even riskyour lives in its pursuit.
how much higher game is a thug's!"
that must really be the secret of the rise and development of thuggee.
the joy of killing!
the joy of seeing killing done--these are traits ofthe human race at large.
we white people are merely modified thugs;thugs fretting under the restraints of a not very thick skin ofcivilization; thugs who long ago enjoyed the slaughter of the romanarena, and later the burning of doubtful christians by authenticchristians in the public squares, and who now, with the thugs of spainand nimes, flock to enjoy the blood and misery of the bullring.
we haveno tourists of either sex or any religion who are able to resist thedelights of the bull-ring when opportunity offers; and we are gentlethugs in the hunting-season, and love to chase a tame rabbit and kill it.
still, we have made some progress-microscopic, and in truth scarcelyworth mentioning, and certainly nothing to be proud of--still, it isprogress: we no longer take pleasure in slaughtering or burning helplessmen.
we have reached a little altitude where we may look down upon theindian thugs with a complacent shudder; and we may even hope for a day,many centuries hence, when our posterity will look down upon us in thesame way.
there are many indications that the thug often hunted men for the meresport of it; that the fright and pain of the quarry were no more to himthan are the fright and pain of the rabbit or the stag to us; and that hewas no more ashamed of beguiling his game with deceits and abusing itstrust than are we when we have imitated a wild animal's call and shot itwhen it honored us with its confidence and came to see what we wanted:     "madara, son of nihal, and i, ramzam, set out from kotdee in the     cold weather and followed the high road for about twenty days in     search of travelers, until we came to selempore, where we met a very     old man going to the east.
we won his confidence in this manner: he     carried a load which was too heavy for his old age; i said to him,     'you are an old man, i will aid you in carrying your load, as you     are from my part of the country.'
he said, 'very well, take me with     you.'
so we took him with us to selempore, where we slept that     night.
we woke him next morning before dawn and set out, and at the     distance of three miles we seated him to rest while it was still     very dark.
madara was ready behind him, and strangled him.
he     never spoke a word.
he was about 60 or 70 years of age."
another gang fell in with a couple of barbers and persuaded them to comealong in their company by promising them the job of shaving the wholecrew--30 thugs.
at the place appointed for the murder 15 got shaved, andactually paid the barbers for their work.
then killed them and took backthe money.
a gang of forty-two thugs came across two brahmins and a shopkeeper onthe road, beguiled them into a grove and got up a concert for theirentertainment.
while these poor fellows were listening to the music thestranglers were standing behind them; and at the proper moment fordramatic effect they applied the noose.
the most devoted fisherman must have a bite at least as often as oncea week or his passion will cool and he will put up his tackle.
thetiger-sportsman must find a tiger at least once a fortnight or he willgettired and quit.
the elephant-hunter's enthusiasm will waste away littleby little, and his zeal will perish at last if he plod around a monthwithout finding a member of that noble family to assassinate.
but when the lust in the hunter's heart is for the noblest of allquarries, man, how different is the case!
and how watery and poor is thezeal and how childish the endurance of those other hunters by comparison.
then, neither hunger, nor thirst, nor fatigue, nor deferred hope, normonotonous disappointment, nor leaden-footed lapse of time can conquerthe hunter's patience or weaken the joy of his quest or cool the splendidrage of his desire.
of all the hunting-passions that burn in the breastof man, there is none that can lift him superior to discouragements likethese but the one--the royal sport, the supreme sport, whose quarry ishis brother.
by comparison, tiger-hunting is a colorless poor thing, forall it has been so bragged about.
why, the thug was content to tramp patiently along, afoot, in the wastingheat of india, week after week, at an average of nine or ten miles a day,if he might but hope to find game some time or other and refresh hislonging soul with blood.
here is an instance:     "i (ramzam) and hyder set out, for the purpose of strangling     travelers, from guddapore, and proceeded via the fort of julalabad,     newulgunge, bangermow, on the banks of the ganges (upwards of 100     miles), from whence we returned by another route.
still no     travelers!
till we reached bowaneegunge, where we fell in with a     traveler, a boatman; we inveigled him and about two miles east of     there hyder strangled him as he stood--for he was troubled and     afraid, and would not sit.
we then made a long journey (about 130     miles) and reached hussunpore bundwa, where at the tank we fell in     with a traveler--he slept there that night; next morning we followed     him and tried to win his confidence; at the distance of two miles we     endeavored to induce him to sit down--but he would not, having     become aware of us.
i attempted to strangle him as he walked along,     but did not succeed; both of us then fell upon him, he made a great     outcry, 'they are murdering me!'
at length we strangled him and     flung his body into a well.
after this we returned to our homes,     having been out a month and traveled about 260 miles.
a total of     two men murdered on the expedition."
and here is another case-related by the terrible futty khan, a man with atremendous record, to be re-mentioned by and by:     "i, with three others, traveled for about 45 days a distance of     about 200 miles in search of victims along the highway to bundwa and     returned by davodpore (another 200 miles) during which journey we     had only one murder, which happened in this manner.
four miles to     the east of noubustaghat we fell in with a traveler, an old man.
i,     with koshal and hyder, inveigled him and accompanied him that day     within 3 miles of rampoor, where, after dark, in a lonely place, we     got him to sit down and rest; and while i kept him in talk, seated     before him, hyder behind strangled him: he made no resistance.
koshal stabbed him under the arms and in the throat, and we flung     the body into a running stream.
we got about 4 or 5 rupees each ($2     or $2.50).
we then proceeded homewards.
a total of one man     murdered on this expedition."
they tramped 400 miles, were gone about three months, andharvested two dollars and a half apiece.
but the mere pleasure of thehunt was sufficient.
that was pay enough.
they did no grumbling.
every now and then in this big book one comes across that patheticremark: "we tried to get him to sit down but he would not."
it tells thewhole story.
some accident had awakened the suspicion in him that thesesmooth friends who had been petting and coddling him and making him feelso safe and so fortunate after his forlorn and lonely wanderings were thedreaded thugs; and now their ghastly invitation to "sit and rest" hadconfirmed its truth.
he knew there was no help for him, and that he waslooking his last upon earthly things, but "he would not sit."
no, notthat--it was too awful to think of!
there are a number of instances which indicate that when a man had oncetasted the regal joys of man-hunting he could not be content with thedull monotony of a crimeless life after ward.
example, from a thug'stestimony:     "we passed through to kurnaul, where we found a former thug named     junooa, an old comrade of ours, who had turned religious mendicant     and become a disciple and holy.
he came to us in the serai and     weeping with joy returned to his old trade."
neither wealth nor honors nor dignities could satisfy a reformed thug forlong.
he would throw them all away, someday, and go back to the luridpleasures of hunting men, and being hunted himself by the british.
ramzam was taken into a great native grandee's service and givenauthority over five villages.
"my authority extended over these peopleto summons them to my presence, to make them stand or sit.
i dressedwell, rode my pony, and had two sepoys, a scribe and a village guard toattend me.
during three years i used to pay each village a monthlyvisit, and no one suspected that i was a thug!
the chief man used towait on me to transact business, and as i passed along, old and youngmade their salaam to me."
and yet during that very three years he got leave of absence "to attend awedding," and instead went off on a thugging lark with six other thugsand hunted the highway for fifteen days!--with satisfactory results.
afterwards he held a great office under a rajah.
there he had ten milesof country under his command and a military guard of fifteen men, withauthority to call out 2,000 more upon occasion.
but the british got onhis track, and they crowded him so that he had to give himself up.
seewhat a figure he was when he was gotten up for style and had all histhings on: "i was fully armed--a sword, shield, pistols, a matchlockmusket and a flint gun, for i was fond of being thus arrayed, and when soarmed feared not though forty men stood before me."
he gave himself up and proudly proclaimed himself a thug.
then byrequest he agreed to betray his friend and pal, buhram, a thug with themost tremendous record in india.
"i went to the house where buhram slept(often has he led our gangs!)
i woke him, he knew me well, and cameoutside to me.
it was a cold night, so under pretence of warming myself,but in reality to have light for his seizure by the guards, i lightedsome straw and made a blaze.
we were warming our hands.
the guards drewaround us.
i said to them, 'this is buhram,' and he was seized just as acat seizes a mouse.
then buhram said, 'i am a thug!
my father was athug, my grandfather was a thug, and i have thugged with many!'"
so spoke the mighty hunter, the mightiest of the mighty, the gordoncumming of his day.
not much regret noticeable in it.--["having planteda bullet in the shoulder-bone of an elephant, and caused the agonizedcreature to lean for support against a tree, i proceeded to brew somecoffee.
having refreshed myself, taking observations of the elephant'sspasms and writhings between the sips, i resolved to make experiments onvulnerable points, and, approaching very near, i fired several bullets atdifferent parts of his enormous skull.
he only acknowledged the shots bya salaam-like movement of his trunk, with the point of which he gentlytouched the wounds with a striking and peculiar action.
surprised andshocked to find that i was only prolonging the suffering of the noblebeast, which bore its trials with such dignified composure, i resolved tofinish the proceeding with all possible despatch, and accordingly openedfire upon him from the left side.
aiming at the shoulder, i fired sixshots with the two-grooved rifle, which must have eventually provedmortal, after which i fired six shots at the same part with the dutchsix-founder.
large tears now trickled down from his eyes, which heslowly shut and opened, his colossal frame shivered convulsively, andfalling on his side he expired."
so many many times this official report leaves one's curiosityunsatisfied.
for instance, here is a little paragraph out of the recordof a certain band of 193 thugs, which has that defect:     "fell in with lall sing subahdar and his family, consisting of nine     persons.
traveled with them two days, and the third put them all to     death except the two children, little boys of one and a half years     old."
there it stops.
what did they do with those poor little fellows?
whatwas their subsequent history?
did they purpose training them up asthugs?
how could they take care of such little creatures on a marchwhich stretched over several months?
no one seems to have cared to askany questions about the babies.
but i do wish i knew.
one would be apt to imagine that the thugs were utterly callous, utterlydestitute of human feelings, heartless toward their own families as wellas toward other people's; but this was not so.
like all other indians,they had a passionate love for their kin.
a shrewd british officer whoknew the indian character, took that characteristic into account inlaying his plans for the capture of eugene sue's famous feringhea.
hefound out feringhea's hiding-place, and sent a guard by night to seizehim, but the squad was awkward and he got away.
however, they got therest of the family--the mother, wife, child, and brother--and broughtthem to the officer, at jubbulpore; the officer did not fret, but bidedhis time: "i knew feringhea would not go far while links so dear to himwere in my hands."
he was right.
feringhea knew all the danger he wasrunning by staying in the neighborhood, still he could not tear himselfaway.
the officer found that he divided his time between five villageswhere he had relatives and friends who could get news for him from hisfamily in jubbulpore jail; and that he never slept two consecutive nightsin the same village.
the officer traced out his several haunts, thenpounced upon all the five villages on the one night and at the same hour,and got his man.
another example of family affection.
a little while previously to thecapture of feringhea's family, the british officer had capturedferinghea's foster-brother, leader of a gang of ten, and had tried theeleven and condemned them to be hanged.
feringhea's captured familyarrived at the jail the day before the execution was to take place.
thefoster-brother, jhurhoo, entreated to be allowed to see the aged motherand the others.
the prayer was granted, and this is what took place--itis the british officer who speaks:     "in the morning, just before going to the scaffold, the interview     took place before me.
he fell at the old woman's feet and begged     that she would relieve him from the obligations of the milk with     which she had nourished him from infancy, as he was about to die     before he could fulfill any of them.
she placed her hands on his     head, and he knelt, and she said she forgave him all, and bid him     die like a man."
if a capable artist should make a picture of it, it would be full ofdignity and solemnity and pathos; and it could touch you.
you wouldimagine it to be anything but what it was.
there is reverence there, andtenderness, and gratefulness, and compassion, and resignation, andfortitude, and self-respect--and no sense of disgrace, no thought ofdishonor.
everything is there that goes to make a noble parting, andgive it a moving grace and beauty and dignity.
and yet one of thesepeople is a thug and the other a mother of thugs!
the incongruities ofour human nature seem to reach their limit here.
i wish to make note of one curious thing while i think of it.
one of thevery commonest remarks to be found in this bewildering array of thugconfessions is this:"strangled him and threw him in a well!"
in one case they threw sixteeninto a well--and they had thrown others in the same well before.
itmakes a body thirsty to read about it.
and there is another very curious thing.
the bands of thugs had privategraveyards.
they did not like to kill and bury at random, here and thereand everywhere.
they preferred to wait, and toll the victims along, andget to one of their regular burying-places ('bheels') if they could.
inthe little kingdom of oude, which was about half as big as ireland andabout as big as the state of maine, they had two hundred and seventy-four'bheels'.
they were scattered along fourteen hundred miles of road, atan average of only five miles apart, and the british government tracedout and located each and every one of them and set them down on the map.
the oude bands seldom went out of their own country, but they did athriving business within its borders.
so did outside bands who came inand helped.
some of the thug leaders of oude were noted for theirsuccessful careers.
each of four of them confessed to above 300 murders;another to nearly 400; our friend ramzam to 604--he is the one who gotleave of absence to attend a wedding and went thugging instead; and he isalso the one who betrayed buhram to the british.
but the biggest records of all were the murder-lists of futty khan andbuhram.
futty khan's number is smaller than ramzam's, but he is placedat the head because his average is the best in oude-thug history per yearof service.
his slaughter was 508 men in twenty years, and he was stilla young man when the british stopped his industry.
buhram's list was 931murders, but it took him forty years.
his average was one man and nearlyall of another man per month for forty years, but futty khan's averagewas two men and a little of another man per month during his twenty yearsof usefulness.
there is one very striking thing which i wish to call attention to.
youhave surmised from the listed callings followed by the victims of thethugs that nobody could travel the indian roads unprotected and live toget through; that the thugs respected no quality, no vocation, noreligion, nobody; that they killed every unarmed man that came in theirway.
that is wholly true--with one reservation.
in all the long file ofthug confessions an english traveler is mentioned but once--and this iswhat the thug says of the circumstance:     "he was on his way from mhow to bombay.
we studiously avoided him.
he proceeded next morning with a number of travelers who had sought     his protection, and they took the road to baroda."
we do not know who he was; he flits across the page of this rusty oldbook and disappears in the obscurity beyond; but he is an impressivefigure, moving through that valley of death serene and unafraid, clothedin the might of the english name.
we have now followed the big official book through, and we understandwhat thuggee was, what a bloody terror it was, what a desolating scourgeit was.
in 1830 the english found this cancerous organization imbeddedin the vitals of the empire, doing its devastating work in secrecy, andassisted, protected, sheltered, and hidden by innumerable confederates--big and little native chiefs, customs officers, village officials, andnative police, all ready to lie for it, and the mass of the people,through fear, persistently pretending to know nothing about its doings;and this condition of things had existed for generations, and wasformidable with the sanctions of age and old custom.
if ever there wasan unpromising task, if ever there was a hopeless task in the world,surely it was offered here--the task of conquering thuggee.
but thatlittle handful of english officials in india set their sturdy andconfident grip upon it, and ripped it out, root and branch!
how modestdo captain vallancey's words sound now, when we read them again, knowingwhat we know:     "the day that sees this far-spread evil completely eradicated from     india, and known only in name, will greatly tend to immortalize     british rule in the east."
it would be hard to word a claim more modestly than that for this mostnoble work.
we left bombay for allahabad by a night train.
it is the custom of thecountry to avoid day travel when it can conveniently be done.
but thereis one trouble: while you can seemingly "secure" the two lower berths bymaking early application, there is no ticket as witness of it, and noother producible evidence in case your proprietorship shall chance to bechallenged.
the word "engaged" appears on the window, but it doesn'tstate who the compartment is engaged, for.
if your satan and your barneyarrive before somebody else's servants, and spread the bedding on the twosofas and then stand guard till you come, all will be well; but if theystep aside on an errand, they may find the beds promoted to the twoshelves, and somebody else's demons standing guard over their master'sbeds, which in the meantime have been spread upon your sofas.
you do not pay anything extra for your sleeping place; that is where thetrouble lies.
if you buy a fare-ticket and fail to use it, there is roomthus made available for someone else; but if the place were secured toyou it would remain vacant, and yet your ticket would secure you anotherplace when you were presently ready to travel.
however, no explanation of such a system can make it seem quite rationalto a person who has been used to a more rational system.
if our peoplehad the arranging of it, we should charge extra for securing the place,and then the road would suffer no loss if the purchaser did not occupyit.
the present system encourages good manners--and also discourages them.
if a young girl has a lower berth and an elderly lady comes in, it isusual for the girl to offer her place to this late comer; and it is usualfor the late comer to thank her courteously and take it.
but the thinghappens differently sometimes.
when we were ready to leave bombay mydaughter's satchels were holding possession of her berth--a lower one.
at the last moment, a middle-aged american lady swarmed into thecompartment, followed by native porters laden with her baggage.
she wasgrowling and snarling and scolding, and trying to make herselfphenomenally disagreeable; and succeeding.
without a word, she hoistedthe satchels into the hanging shelf, and took possession of that lowerberth.
on one of our trips mr. smythe and i got out at a station to walk up anddown, and when we came back smythe's bed was in the hanging shelf and anenglish cavalry officer was in bed on the sofa which he had lately beenoccupying.
it was mean to be glad about it, but it is the way we aremade; i could not have been gladder if it had been my enemy that hadsuffered this misfortune.
we all like to see people in trouble, if itdoesn't cost us anything.
i was so happy over mr. smythe's chagrin thati couldn't go to sleep for thinking of it and enjoying it.
i knew hesupposed the officer had committed the robbery himself, whereas without adoubt the officer's servant had done it without his knowledge.
mr.smythe kept this incident warm in his heart, and longed for a chance toget even with somebody for it.
sometime afterward the opportunity came,in calcutta.
we were leaving on a 24-hour journey to darjeeling.
mr.barclay, the general superintendent, has made special provision for ouraccommodation, mr. smythe said; so there was no need to hurry aboutgetting to the train; consequently, we were a little late.
when we arrived, the usual immense turmoil and confusion of a greatindian station were in full blast.
it was an immoderately long train,for all the natives of india were going by it somewhither, and the nativeofficials were being pestered to frenzy by belated and anxious people.
they didn't know where our car was, and couldn't remember having receivedany orders about it.
it was a deep disappointment; moreover, it lookedas if our half of our party would be left behind altogether.
then satancame running and said he had found a compartment with one shelf and onesofa unoccupied, and had made our beds and had stowed our baggage.
werushed to the place, and just as the train was ready to pull out and theporters were slamming the doors to, all down the line, an officer of theindian civil service, a good friend of ours, put his head in and said:--"i have been hunting for you everywhere.
what are you doing here?
don'tyou know----"the train started before he could finish.
mr. smythe's opportunity wascome.
his bedding, on the shelf, at once changed places with thebedding--a stranger's--that was occupying the sofa that was opposite tomine.
about ten o'clock we stopped somewhere, and a large englishman ofofficial military bearing stepped in.
we pretended to be asleep.
thelamps were covered, but there was light enough for us to note his look ofsurprise.
he stood there, grand and fine, peering down at smythe, andwondering in silence at the situation.
after a bit he said:--"well!"
and that was all.
but that was enough.
it was easy to understand.
it meant: "this isextraordinary.
this is high-handed.
i haven't had an experience likethis before."
he sat down on his baggage, and for twenty minutes we watched him throughour eyelashes, rocking and swaying there to the motion of the train.
then we came to a station, and he got up and went out, muttering: "i mustfind a lower berth, or wait over."
his servant came presently and carriedaway his things.
mr. smythe's sore place was healed, his hunger for revenge was satisfied.
but he couldn't sleep, and neither could i; for this was a venerable oldcar, and nothing about it was taut.
the closet door slammed all night,and defied every fastening we could invent.
we got up very much jaded,at dawn, and stepped out at a way station; and, while we were taking acup of coffee, that englishman ranged up alongside, and somebody said tohim:"so you didn't stop off, after all?"
the guard found a place for me that had been engaged and notoccupied.
i had a whole saloon car all to myself--oh, quite palatial!
i never had such luck in my life."
that was our car, you see.
we moved into it, straight off, the familyand all.
but i asked the english gentleman to remain, and he did.
apleasant man, an infantry colonel; and doesn't know, yet, that smytherobbed him of his berth, but thinks it was done by smythe's servantwithout smythe's knowledge.
he was assisted in gathering thisimpression.
the indian trains are manned by natives exclusively.
the indian stationsexcept very large and important ones--are manned entirely by natives, andso are the posts and telegraphs.
the rank and file of the police arenatives.
all these people are pleasant and accommodating.
one day ileft an express train to lounge about in that perennially ravishing show,the ebb and flow and whirl of gaudy natives, that is always surging upand down the spacious platform of a great indian station; and i lostmyself in the ecstasy of it, and when i turned, the train was movingswiftly away.
i was going to sit down and wait for another train, as iwould have done at home; i had no thought of any other course.
but anative official, who had a green flag in his hand, saw me, and saidpolitely:"don't you belong in the train, sir?"
he waved his flag, and the train came back!
and he put me aboard with asmuch ceremony as if i had been the general superintendent.
they arekindly people, the natives.
the face and the bearing that indicate asurly spirit and a bad heart seemed to me to be so rare among indians--sonearly non-existent, in fact--that i sometimes wondered if thuggee wasn'ta dream, and not a reality.
the bad hearts are there, but i believe thatthey are in a small, poor minority.
one thing is sure: they are much themost interesting people in the world--and the nearest to beingincomprehensible.
at any rate, the hardest to account for.
theircharacter and their history, their customs and their religion, confrontyou with riddles at every turn-riddles which are a trifle more perplexingafter they are explained than they were before.
you can get the facts ofa custom--like caste, and suttee, and thuggee, and so on--and with thefacts a theory which tries to explain, but never quite does it to yoursatisfaction.
you can never quite understand how so strange a thingcould have been born, nor why.
for instance--the suttee.
this is the explanation of it:a woman who throws away her life when her husband dies is instantlyjoined to him again, and is forever afterward happy with him in heaven;her family will build a little monument to her, or a temple, and willhold her in honor, and, indeed, worship her memory always; they willthemselves be held in honor by the public; the woman's self-sacrifice hasconferred a noble and lasting distinction upon her posterity.
and,besides, see what she has escaped: if she had elected to live, she wouldbe a disgraced person; she could not remarry; her family would despiseher and disown her; she would be a friendless outcast, and miserable allher days.
very well, you say, but the explanation is not complete yet.
how didpeople come to drift into such a strange custom?
what was the origin ofthe idea?
"well, nobody knows; it was probably a revelation sent down bythe gods."
one more thing: why was such a cruel death chosen--whywouldn't a gentle one have answered?
"nobody knows; maybe that was arevelation, too."
no--you can never understand it.
it all seems impossible.
you resolveto believe that a widow never burnt herself willingly, but went to herdeath because she was afraid to defy public opinion.
but you are notable to keep that position.
history drives you from it.
major sleemanhas a convincing case in one of his books.
in his government on thenerbudda he made a brave attempt on the 28th of march, 1828, to put downsuttee on his own hook and without warrant from the supreme government ofindia.
he could not foresee that the government would put it down itselfeight months later.
the only backing he had was a bold nature and acompassionate heart.
he issued his proclamation abolishing the suttee inhis district.
on the morning of tuesday--note the day of the week--the24th of the following november, ummed singh upadhya, head of the mostrespectable and most extensive brahmin family in the district, died, andpresently came a deputation of his sons and grandsons to beg that his oldwidow might be allowed to burn herself upon his pyre.
sleeman threatenedto enforce his order, and punish severely any man who assisted; and heplaced a police guard to see that no one did so.
from the early morningthe old widow of sixty-five had been sitting on the bank of the sacredriver by her dead, waiting through the long hours for the permission; andat last the refusal came instead.
in one little sentence sleeman givesyou a pathetic picture of this lonely old gray figure: all day and allnight "she remained sitting by the edge of the water without eating ordrinking."
the next morning the body of the husband was burned to ashesin a pit eight feet square and three or four feet deep, in the view ofseveral thousand spectators.
then the widow waded out to a bare rock inthe river, and everybody went away but her sons and other relations.
allday she sat there on her rock in the blazing sun without food or drink,and with no clothing but a sheet over her shoulders.
the relatives remained with her and all tried to persuade her to desistfrom her purpose, for they deeply loved her.
she steadily refused.
thena part of the family went to sleeman's house, ten miles away, and triedagain to get him to let her burn herself.
he refused, hoping to save heryet.
all that day she scorched in her sheet on the rock, and all that nightshe kept her vigil there in the bitter cold.
thursday morning, in thesight of her relatives, she went through a ceremonial which said more tothem than any words could have done; she put on the dhaja (a coarse redturban) and broke her bracelets in pieces.
by these acts she became adead person in the eye of the law, and excluded from her caste forever.
by the iron rule of ancient custom, if she should now choose to live shecould never return to her family.
sleeman was in deep trouble.
if shestarved herself to death her family would be disgraced; and, moreover,starving would be a more lingering misery than the death by fire.
hewent back in the evening thoroughly worried.
the old woman remained onher rock, and there in the morning he found her with her dhaja still onher head.
"she talked very collectedly, telling me that she haddetermined to mix her ashes with those of her departed husband, andshould patiently wait my permission to do so, assured that god wouldenable her to sustain life till that was given, though she dared not eator drink.
looking at the sun, then rising before her over a long andbeautiful reach of the river, she said calmly, 'my soul has been for fivedays with my husband's near that sun; nothing but my earthly frame isleft; and this, i know, you will in time suffer to be mixed with hisashes in yonder pit, because it is not in your nature or usage wantonlyto prolong the miseries of a poor old woman.'"
he assured her that it was his desire and duty to save her, and to urgeher to live, and to keep her family from the disgrace of being thoughther murderers.
but she said she "was not afraid of their being thoughtso; that they had all, like good children, done everything in their powerto induce her to live, and to abide with them;  and if i should consent iknow they would love and honor me, but my duties to them have now ended.
i commit them all to your care, and i go to attend my husband, ummedsingh upadhya, with whose ashes on the funeral pile mine have beenalready three times mixed."
she believed that she and he had been upon the earth three several timesas wife and husband, and that she had burned herself to death three timesupon his pyre.
that is why she said that strange thing.
since she hadbroken her bracelets and put on the red turban she regarded herself as acorpse; otherwise she would not have allowed herself to do her husbandthe irreverence of pronouncing his name.
"this was the first time in herlong life that she had ever uttered her husband's name, for in india nowoman, high or low, ever pronounces the name of her husband."
major sleeman still tried to shake her purpose.
he promised to build hera fine house among the temples of her ancestors upon the bank of theriver and make handsome provision for her out of rent-free lands if shewould consent to live; and if she wouldn't he would allow no stone orbrick to ever mark the place where she died.
but she only smiled andsaid, "my pulse has long ceased to beat, my spirit has departed; i shallsuffer nothing in the burning; and if you wish proof, order some fire andyou shall see this arm consumed without giving me any pain."
sleeman was now satisfied that he could not alter her purpose.
he sentfor all the chief members of the family and said he would suffer her toburn herself if they would enter into a written engagement to abandon thesuttee in their family thenceforth.
they agreed; the papers were drawnout and signed, and at noon, saturday, word was sent to the poor oldwoman.
she seemed greatly pleased.
the ceremonies of bathing were gonethrough with, and by three o'clock she was ready and the fire was brisklyburning in the pit.
she had now gone without food or drink during morethan four days and a half.
she came ashore from her rock, first wettingher sheet in the waters of the sacred river, for without that safeguardany shadow which might fall upon her would convey impurity to her; thenshe walked to the pit, leaning upon one of her sons and a nephew--thedistance was a hundred and fifty yards.
"i had sentries placed all around, and no other person was allowed toapproach within five paces.
she came on with a calm and cheerfulcountenance, stopped once, and casting her eyes upwards, said, 'why havethey kept me five days from thee, my husband?'
on coming to the sentriesher supporters stopped and remained standing; she moved on, and walkedonce around the pit, paused a moment, and while muttering a prayer, threwsome flowers into the fire.
she then walked up deliberately and steadilyto the brink, stepped into the centre of the flame, sat down, and leaningback in the midst as if reposing upon a couch, was consumed withoututtering a shriek or betraying one sign of agony."
it is fine and beautiful.
it compels one's reverence and respect--no,has it freely, and without compulsion.
we see how the custom, oncestarted, could continue, for the soul of it is that stupendous power,faith; faith brought to the pitch of effectiveness by the cumulativeforce of example and long use and custom; but we cannot understand howthe first widows came to take to it.
that is a perplexing detail.
sleeman says that it was usual to play music at the suttee, but that thewhite man's notion that this was to drown the screams of the martyr isnot correct; that it had a quite different purpose.
it was believed thatthe martyr died prophecying; that the prophecies sometimes foretolddisaster, and it was considered a kindness to those upon whom it was tofall to drown the voice and keep them in ignorance of the misfortune thatwas to come.
it was a long journey--two nights, one day, and part of another day, frombombay eastward to allahabad; but it was always interesting, and it wasnot fatiguing.
at first the night travel promised to be fatiguing, butthat was on account of pyjamas.
this foolish night-dress consists ofjacket and drawers.
sometimes they are made of silk, sometimes of araspy, scratchy, slazy woolen material with a sandpaper surface.
thedrawers are loose elephant-legged and elephant-waisted things, andinstead of buttoning around the body there is a drawstring to produce therequired shrinkage.
the jacket is roomy, and one buttons it in front.
pyjamas are hot on a hot night and cold on a cold night--defects which anightshirt is free from.
i tried the pyjamas in order to be in thefashion; but i was obliged to give them up, i couldn't stand them.
therewas no sufficient change from day-gear to night-gear.
i missed therefreshing and luxurious sense, induced by the night-gown, of beingundressed, emancipated, set free from restraints and trammels.
in placeof that, i had the worried, confined, oppressed, suffocated sense ofbeing abed with my clothes on.
all through the warm half of the nightthe coarse surfaces irritated my skin and made it feel baked andfeverish, and the dreams which came in the fitful flurries of slumberwere such as distress the sleep of the damned, or ought to; and allthrough the cold other half of the night i could get no time for sleepbecause i had to employ it all in stealing blankets.
but blankets are ofno value at such a time; the higher they are piled the more effectivelythey cork the cold in and keep it from getting out.
the result is thatyour legs are ice, and you know how you will feel by and by when you areburied.
in a sane interval i discarded the pyjamas, and led a rationaland comfortable life thenceforth.
out in the country in india, the day begins early.
one sees a plain,perfectly flat, dust-colored and brick-yardy, stretching limitlessly awayon every side in the dim gray light, striped everywhere with hard-beatennarrow paths, the vast flatness broken at wide intervals by bunches ofspectral trees that mark where villages are; and along all the paths areslender women and the black forms of lanky naked men moving, to theirwork, the women with brass water-jars on their heads, the men carryinghoes.
the man is not entirely naked; always there is a bit of white rag,a loin-cloth; it amounts to a bandage, and is a white accent on his blackperson, like the silver band around the middle of a pipe-stem.
sometimeshe also wears a fluffy and voluminous white turban, and this adds asecond accent.
he then answers properly to miss gordon cumming'sflash-light picture of him--as a person who is dressed in "a turbanand a pocket handkerchief."
all day long one has this monotony of dust-colored dead levels andscattering bunches of trees and mud villages.
you soon realize thatindia is not beautiful; still there is an enchantment about it that isbeguiling, and which does not pall.
you cannot tell just what it is thatmakes the spell, perhaps, but you feel it and confess it, nevertheless.
of course, at bottom, you know in a vague way that it is history; it isthat that affects you, a haunting sense of the myriads of human livesthat have blossomed, and withered, and perished here, repeating andrepeating and repeating, century after century, and age after age, thebarren and meaningless process; it is this sense that gives to thisforlorn, uncomely land power to speak to the spirit and make friends withit; to speak to it with a voice bitter with satire, but eloquent withmelancholy.
the deserts of australia and the ice-barrens of greenlandhave no speech, for they have no venerable history; with nothing to tellof man and his vanities, his fleeting glories and his miseries, they havenothing wherewith to spiritualize their ugliness and veil it with acharm.
there is nothing pretty about an indian village--a mud one--and i do notremember that we saw any but mud ones on that long flight to allahabad.
it is a little bunch of dirt-colored mud hovels jammed together within amud wall.
as a rule, the rains had beaten down parts of some of thehouses, and this gave the village the aspect of a mouldering and hoaryruin.
i believe the cattle and the vermin live inside the wall; for isaw cattle coming out and cattle going in; and whenever i saw a villager,he was scratching.
this last is only circumstantial evidence, but ithink it has value.
the village has a battered little temple or two, bigenough to hold an idol, and with custom enough to fat-up a priest andkeep him comfortable.
where there are mohammedans there are generally afew sorry tombs outside the village that have a decayed and neglectedlook.
the villages interested me because of things which major sleemansays about them in his books--particularly what he says about thedivision of labor in them.
he says that the whole face of india isparceled out into estates of villages; that nine-tenths of the vastpopulation of the land consist of cultivators of the soil; that it isthese cultivators who inhabit the villages; that there are certain"established" village servants--mechanics and others who are apparentlypaid a wage by the village at large, and whose callings remain in certainfamilies and are handed down from father to son, like an estate.
hegives a list of these established servants: priest, blacksmith,carpenter, accountant, washerman, basketmaker, potter, watchman, barber,shoemaker, brazier, confectioner, weaver, dyer, etc.
in his day witchesabounded, and it was not thought good business wisdom for a man to marryhis daughter into a family that hadn't a witch in it, for she would needa witch on the premises to protect her children from the evil spellswhich would certainly be cast upon them by the witches connected with theneighboring families.
the office of midwife was hereditary in the family of the basket-maker.
it belonged to his wife.
she might not be competent, but the office washers, anyway.
her pay was not high--25 cents for a boy, and half as muchfor a girl.
the girl was not desired, because she would be a disastrousexpense by and by.
as soon as she should be old enough to begin to wearclothes for propriety's sake, it would be a disgrace to the family if shewere not married; and to marry her meant financial ruin; for by customthe father must spend upon feasting and wedding-display everything he hadand all he could borrow--in fact, reduce himself to a condition ofpoverty which he might never more recover from.
it was the dread of this prospective ruin which made the killing ofgirl-babies so prevalent in india in the old days before england laid theiron hand of her prohibitions upon the piteous slaughter.
one may judgeof how prevalent the custom was, by one of sleeman's casual electricalremarks, when he speaks of children at play in villages--wheregirl-voices were never heard!
the wedding-display folly is still in full force in india, and byconsequence the destruction of girl-babies is still furtively practiced;but not largely, because of the vigilance of the government and thesternness of the penalties it levies.
in some parts of india the village keeps in its pay three other servants:an astrologer to tell the villager when he may plant his crop, or make ajourney, or marry a wife, or strangle a child, or borrow a dog, or climba tree, or catch a rat, or swindle a neighbor, without offending thealert and solicitous heavens; and what his dream means, if he has had oneand was not bright enough to interpret it himself by the details of hisdinner; the two other established servants were the tiger-persuader andthe hailstorm discourager.
the one kept away the tigers if he could, andcollected the wages anyway, and the other kept off the hailstorms, orexplained why he failed.
he charged the same for explaining a failurethat he did for scoring a success.
a man is an idiot who can't earn aliving in india.
major sleeman reveals the fact that the trade union and the boycott areantiquities in india.
india seems to have originated everything.
the"sweeper" belongs to the bottom caste; he is the lowest of the low--allother castes despise him and scorn his office.
but that does not troublehim.
his caste is a caste, and that is sufficient for him, and so he isproud of it, not ashamed.
sleeman says:     "it is perhaps not known to many of my countrymen, even in india,     that in every town and city in the country the right of sweeping the     houses and streets is a monopoly, and is supported entirely by the     pride of castes among the scavengers, who are all of the lowest     class.
the right of sweeping within a certain range is recognized     by the caste to belong to a certain member; and if any other member     presumes to sweep within that range, he is excommunicated--no other     member will smoke out of his pipe or drink out of his jug; and he     can get restored to caste only by a feast to the whole body of     sweepers.
if any housekeeper within a particular circle happens to     offend the sweeper of that range, none of his filth will be removed     till he pacifies him, because no other sweeper will dare to touch     it; and the people of a town are often more tyrannized over by these     people than by any other."
a footnote by major sleeman's editor, mr. vincent arthur smith, says thatin our day this tyranny of the sweepers' guild is one of the manydifficulties which bar the progress of indian sanitary reform.
think ofthis:     "the sweepers cannot be readily coerced, because no hindoo or     mussulman would do their work to save his life, nor will he pollute     himself by beating the refractory scavenger."
they certainly do seem to have the whip-hand; it would be difficult toimagine a more impregnable position.
"the vested rights described in thetext are so fully recognized in practice that they are frequently thesubject of sale or mortgage."
just like a milk-route; or like a london crossing-sweepership.
it issaid that the london crossing-sweeper's right to his crossing isrecognized by the rest of the guild; that they protect him in itspossession; that certain choice crossings are valuable property, and aresaleable at high figures.
i have noticed that the man who sweeps infront of the army and navy stores has a wealthy south africanaristocratic style about him; and when he is off his guard, he hasexactly that look on his face which you always see in the face of a manwho is saving up his daughter to marry her to a duke.
it appears from sleeman that in india the occupation of elephant-driveris confined to mohammedans.
i wonder why that is.
the water-carrier('bheestie') is a mohammedan, but it is said that the reason of that is,that the hindoo's religion does not allow him to touch the skin of deadkine, and that is what the water-sack is made of; it would defile him.
and it doesn't allow him to eat meat; the animal that furnished the meatwas murdered, and to take any creature's life is a sin.
it is a good andgentle religion, but inconvenient.
a great indian river, at low water, suggests the familiar anatomicalpicture of a skinned human body, the intricate mesh of interwoven musclesand tendons to stand for water-channels, and the archipelagoes of fat andflesh inclosed by them to stand for the sandbars.
somewhere on thisjourney we passed such a river, and on a later journey we saw in thesutlej the duplicate of that river.
curious rivers they are; low shoresa dizzy distance apart, with nothing between but an enormous acreage ofsand-flats with sluggish little veins of water dribbling around amongstthem; saharas of sand, smallpox-pitted with footprints punctured in beltsas straight as the equator clear from the one shore to the other (barringthe channel-interruptions)--a dry-shod ferry, you see.
long railwaybridges are required for this sort of rivers, and india has them.
youapproach allahabad by a very long one.
it was now carrying us across thebed of the jumna, a bed which did not seem to have been slept in for onewhile or more.
it wasn't all river-bed--most of it was overflow ground.
allahabad means "city of god."
i get this from the books.
from a printedcuriosity--a letter written by one of those brave and confident hindoostrugglers with the english tongue, called a "babu"--i got a morecompressed translation: "godville."
it is perfectly correct, but that isthe most that can be said for it.
we arrived in the forenoon, and short-handed; for satan got left behindsomewhere that morning, and did not overtake us until after nightfall.
it seemed very peaceful without him.
the world seemed asleep anddreaming.
i did not see the native town, i think.
i do not remember why; for anincident connects it with the great mutiny, and that is enough to makeany place interesting.
but i saw the english part of the city.
it is atown of wide avenues and noble distances, and is comely and alluring, andfull of suggestions of comfort and leisure, and of the serenity which agood conscience buttressed by a sufficient bank account gives.
thebungalows (dwellings) stand well back in the seclusion and privacy oflarge enclosed compounds (private grounds, as we should say) and in theshade and shelter of trees.
even the photographer and the prosperousmerchant ply their industries in the elegant reserve of big compounds,and the citizens drive in there upon their business occasions.
and notincabs--no; in the indian cities cabs are for the drifting stranger; allthe white citizens have private carriages; and each carriage has a flockof white-turbaned black footmen and drivers all over it.
the vicinity ofa lecture-hall looks like a snowstorm,--and makes the lecturer feel likean opera.
india has many names, and they are correctly descriptive.
itis the land of contradictions, the land of subtlety and superstition, theland of wealth and poverty, the land of splendor and desolation, the landof plague and famine, the land of the thug and the poisoner, and of themeek and the patient, the land of the suttee, the land of theunreinstatable widow, the land where all life is holy, the land ofcremation, the land where the vulture is a grave and a monument, the landof the multitudinous gods; and if signs go for anything, it is the landof the private carriage.
in bombay the forewoman of a millinery shop came to the hotel in herprivate carriage to take the measure for a gown--not for me, but foranother.
she had come out to india to make a temporary stay, but wasextending it indefinitely; indeed, she was purposing to end her daysthere.
in london, she said, her work had been hard, her hours long; foreconomy's sake she had had to live in shabby rooms and far away from theshop, watch the pennies, deny herself many of the common comforts oflife, restrict herself in effect to its bare necessities, eschew cabs,travel third-class by underground train to and from her work, swallowingcoal-smoke and cinders all the way, and sometimes troubled with thesociety of men and women who were less desirable than the smoke and thecinders.
but in bombay, on almost any kind of wages, she could live incomfort, and keep her carriage, and have six servants in place of thewoman-of-all-work she had had in her english home.
later, in calcutta, ifound that the standard oil clerks had small one-horse vehicles, and didno walking; and i was told that the clerks of the other large concernsthere had the like equipment.
but to return to allahabad.
i was up at dawn, the next morning.
in india the tourist's servant doesnot sleep in a room in the hotel, but rolls himself up head and ears inhis blanket and stretches himself on the veranda, across the front of hismaster's door, and spends the night there.
i don't believe anybody'sservant occupies a room.
apparently, the bungalow servants sleep on theveranda; it is roomy, and goes all around the house.
i speak ofmenservants; i saw none of the other sex.
i think there are none, exceptchild-nurses.
i was up at dawn, and walked around the veranda, past therows of sleepers.
in front of one door a hindoo servant was squatting,waiting for his master to call him.
he had polished the yellow shoes andplaced them by the door, and now he had nothing to do but wait.
it wasfreezing cold, but there he was, as motionless as a sculptured image, andas patient.
it troubled me.
i wanted to say to him, "don't crouch therelike that and freeze; nobody requires it of you; stir around and getwarm."
but i hadn't the words.
i thought of saying 'jeldy jow', but icouldn't remember what it meant, so i didn't say it.
i knew anotherphrase, but it wouldn't come to my mind.
i moved on, purposing todismiss him from my thoughts, but his bare legs and bare feet kept himthere.
they kept drawing me back from the sunny side to a point whence icould see him.
at the end of an hour he had not changed his attitude inthe least degree.
it was a curious and impressive exhibition of meeknessand patience, or fortitude or indifference, i did not know which.
but itworried me, and it was spoiling my morning.
in fact, it spoiled twohours of it quite thoroughly.
i quitted this vicinity, then, and lefthim to punish himself as much as he might want to.
but up to that timethe man had not changed his attitude a hair.
he will always remain withme, i suppose; his figure never grows vague in my memory.
whenever iread of indian resignation, indian patience under wrongs, hardships, andmisfortunes, he comes before me.
he becomes a personification, andstands for india in trouble.
and for untold ages india in trouble hasbeen pursued with the very remark which i was going to utter but didn't,because its meaning had slipped me: "jeldy jow!"
("come, shove along!")
why, it was the very thing.
in the early brightness we made a long drive out to the fort.
part ofthe way was beautiful.
it led under stately trees and through groups ofnative houses and by the usual village well, where the picturesque gangsare always flocking to and fro and laughing and chattering; and this timebrawny men were deluging their bronze bodies with the limpid water, andmaking a refreshing and enticing show of it; enticing, for the sun wasalready transacting business, firing india up for the day.
there wasplenty of this early bathing going on, for it was getting towardbreakfast time, and with an unpurified body the hindoo must not eat.
then we struck into the hot plain, and found the roads crowded withpilgrims of both sexes, for one of the great religious fairs of india wasbeing held, just beyond the fort, at the junction of the sacred rivers,the ganges and the jumna.
three sacred rivers, i should have said, forthere is a subterranean one.
nobody has seen it, but that doesn'tsignify.
the fact that it is there is enough.
these pilgrims had comefrom all over india; some of them had been months on the way, ploddingpatiently along in the heat and dust, worn, poor, hungry, but supportedand sustained by an unwavering faith and belief; they were supremelyhappy and content, now; their full and sufficient reward was at hand;they were going to be cleansed from every vestige of sin and corruptionby these holy waters which make utterly pure whatsoever thing they touch,even the dead and rotten.
it is wonderful, the power of a faith likethat, that can make multitudes upon multitudes of the old and weak andthe young and frail enter without hesitation or complaint upon suchincredible journeys and endure the resultant miseries without repining.
it is done in love, or it is done in fear; i do not know which it is.
no matter what the impulse is, the act born of it is beyond imaginationmarvelous to our kind of people, the cold whites.
there are choice greatnatures among us that could exhibit the equivalent of this prodigiousself-sacrifice, but the rest of us know that we should not be equal toanything approaching it.
still, we all talk self-sacrifice, and thismakes me hope that we are large enough to honor it in the hindoo.
two millions of natives arrive at this fair every year.
how many start,and die on the road, from age and fatigue and disease and scantynourishment, and how many die on the return, from the same causes, no oneknows; but the tale is great, one may say enormous.
every twelfth yearis held to be a year of peculiar grace; a greatly augmented volume ofpilgrims results then.
the twelfth year has held this distinction sincethe remotest times, it is said.
it is said also that there is to be butone more twelfth year--for the ganges.
after that, that holiest of allsacred rivers will cease to be holy, and will be abandoned by the pilgrimfor many centuries; how many, the wise men have not stated.
at the endof that interval it will become holy again.
meantime, the data will bearranged by those people who have charge of all such matters, the greatchief brahmins.
it will be like shutting down a mint.
at a first glanceit looks most unbrahminically uncommercial, but i am not disturbed, beingsoothed and tranquilized by their reputation.
"brer fox he lay low," asuncle remus says; and at the judicious time he will spring something onthe indian public which will show that he was not financially asleep whenhe took the ganges out of the market.
great numbers of the natives along the roads were bringing away holywater from the rivers.
they would carry it far and wide in india andsell it.
tavernier, the french traveler (17th century), notes thatganges water is often given at weddings, "each guest receiving a cup ortwo, according to the liberality of the host; sometimes 2,000 or 3,000rupees' worth of it is consumed at a wedding."
the fort is a huge old structure, and has had a large experience inreligions.
in its great court stands a monolith which was placed theremore than 2,000 years ago to preach (budhism) by its pious inscription;the fort was built three centuries ago by a mohammedan emperor--aresanctification of the place in the interest of that religion.
there isa hindoo temple, too, with subterranean ramifications stocked withshrines and idols; and now the fort belongs to the english, it contains achristian church.
insured in all the companies.
from the lofty ramparts one has a fine view of the sacred rivers.
theyjoin at that point--the pale blue jumna, apparently clean and clear, andthe muddy ganges, dull yellow and not clean.
on a long curved spitbetween the rivers, towns of tents were visible, with a multitude offluttering pennons, and a mighty swarm of pilgrims.
it was a troublesomeplace to get down to, and not a quiet place when you arrived; but it wasinteresting.
there was a world of activity and turmoil and noise, partlyreligious, partly commercial; for the mohammedans were there to curse andsell, and the hindoos to buy and pray.
it is a fair as well as areligious festival.
crowds were bathing, praying, and drinking thepurifying waters, and many sick pilgrims had come long journeys inpalanquins to be healed of their maladies by a bath; or if that might notbe, then to die on the blessed banks and so make sure of heaven.
therewere fakeers in plenty, with their bodies dusted over with ashes andtheir long hair caked together with cow-dung; for the cow is holy and sois the rest of it; so holy that the good hindoo peasant frescoes thewalls of his hut with this refuse, and also constructs ornamental figuresout of it for the gracing of his dirt floor.
there were seated families,fearfully and wonderfully painted, who by attitude and groupingrepresented the families of certain great gods.
there was a holy man whosat naked by the day and by the week on a cluster of iron spikes, and didnot seem to mind it; and another holy man, who stood all day holding hiswithered arms motionless aloft, and was said to have been doing it foryears.
all of these performers have a cloth on the ground beside themfor the reception of contributions, and even the poorest of the peoplegive a trifle and hope that the sacrifice will be blessed to him.
atlast came a procession of naked holy people marching by and chanting, andi wrenched myself away.
the journey to benares was all in daylight, and occupied but a few hours.
it was admirably dusty.
the dust settled upon you in a thick ashy layerand turned you into a fakeer, with nothing lacking to the role but thecow manure and the sense of holiness.
there was a change of cars aboutmid-afternoon at moghul-serai--if that was the name--and a wait of twohours there for the benares train.
we could have found a carriage anddriven to the sacred city, but we should have lost the wait.
in othercountries a long wait at a station is a dull thing and tedious, but onehas no right to have that feeling in india.
you have the monster crowdof bejeweled natives, the stir, the bustle, the confusion, the shiftingsplendors of the costumes--dear me, the delight of it, the charm of itare beyond speech.
the two-hour wait was over too soon.
among othersatisfying things to look at was a minor native prince from the backwoodssomewhere, with his guard of honor, a ragged but wonderfully gaudy gangof fifty dark barbarians armed with rusty flint-lock muskets.
thegeneral show came so near to exhausting variety that one would have saidthat no addition to it could be conspicuous, but when this falstaff andhis motleys marched through it one saw that that seeming impossibilityhad happened.
we got away by and by, and soon reached the outer edge of benares; thenthere was another wait; but, as usual, with something to look at.
thiswas a cluster of little canvas-boxes--palanquins.
a canvas-box is notmuch of a sight--when empty; but when there is a lady in it, it is anobject of interest.
these boxes were grouped apart, in the full blaze ofthe terrible sun during the three-quarters of an hour that we tarriedthere.
they contained zenana ladies.
they had to sit up; there was notroom enough to stretch out.
they probably did not mind it.
they areused to the close captivity of their dwellings all their lives; when theygo a journey they are carried to the train in these boxes; in the trainthey have to be secluded from inspection.
many people pity them, and ialways did it myself and never charged anything; but it is doubtful ifthis compassion is valued.
while we were in india some good-heartedeuropeans in one of the cities proposed to restrict a large park to theuse of zenana ladies, so that they could go there and in assured privacygo about unveiled and enjoy the sunshine and air as they had neverenjoyed them before.
the good intentions back of the proposition wererecognized, and sincere thanks returned for it, but the propositionitself met with a prompt declination at the hands of those who wereauthorized to speak for the zenana ladies.
apparently, the idea wasshocking to the ladies--indeed, it was quite manifestly shocking.
wasthat proposition the equivalent of inviting european ladies to assemblescantily and scandalously clothed in the seclusion of a private park?
itseemed to be about that.
without doubt modesty is nothing less than a holy feeling; and withoutdoubt the person whose rule of modesty has been transgressed feels thesame sort of wound that he would feel if something made holy to him byhis religion had suffered a desecration.
i say "rule of modesty" becausethere are about a million rules in the world, and this makes a millionstandards to be looked out for.
major sleeman mentions the case of somehigh-caste veiled ladies who were profoundly scandalized when someenglish young ladies passed by with faces bare to the world; soscandalized that they spoke out with strong indignation and wondered thatpeople could be so shameless as to expose their persons like that.
andyet "the legs of the objectors were naked to mid-thigh."
both partieswere clean-minded and irreproachably modest, while abiding by theirseparate rules, but they couldn't have traded rules for a change withoutsuffering considerable discomfort.
all human rules are more or lessidiotic, i suppose.
it is best so, no doubt.
the way it is now, theasylums can hold the sane people, but if we tried to shut up the insanewe should run out of building materials.
you have a long drive through the outskirts of benares before you get tothe hotel.
and all the aspects are melancholy.
it is a vision of dustysterility, decaying temples, crumbling tombs, broken mud walls, shabbyhuts.
the whole region seems to ache with age and penury.
it must taketen thousand years of want to produce such an aspect.
we were stilloutside of the great native city when we reached the hotel.
it was aquiet and homelike house, inviting, and manifestly comfortable.
but weliked its annex better, and went thither.
it was a mile away, perhaps,and stood in the midst of a large compound, and was built bungalowfashion, everything on the ground floor, and a veranda all around.
theyhave doors in india, but i don't know why.
they don't fasten, and theystand open, as a rule, with a curtain hanging in the doorspace to keepout the glare of the sun.
still, there is plenty of privacy, for nowhite person will come in without notice, of course.
the native menservants will, but they don't seem to count.
they glide in, barefoot andnoiseless, and are in the midst before one knows it.
at first this is ashock, and sometimes it is an embarrassment; but one has to get used toit, and does.
there was one tree in the compound, and a monkey lived in it.
at first iwas strongly interested in the tree, for i was told that it was therenowned peepul--the tree in whose shadow you cannot tell a lie.
thisone failed to stand the test, and i went away from it disappointed.
there was a softly creaking well close by, and a couple of oxen drewwater from it by the hour, superintended by two natives dressed in theusual "turban and pocket-handkerchief."
the tree and the well were theonly scenery, and so the compound was a soothing and lonesome andsatisfying place; and very restful after so many activities.
there wasnobody in our bungalow but ourselves; the other guests were in the nextone, where the table d'hote was furnished.
a body could not be morepleasantly situated.
each room had the customary bath attached--a roomten or twelve feet square, with a roomy stone-paved pit in it andabundance of water.
one could not easily improve upon this arrangement,except by furnishing it with cold water and excluding the hot, indeference to the fervency of the climate; but that is forbidden.
itwould damage the bather's health.
the stranger is warned against takingcold baths in india, but even the most intelligent strangers are fools,and they do not obey, and so they presently get laid up.
i was the mostintelligent fool that passed through, that year.
but i am still moreintelligent now.
now that it is too late.
i wonder if the 'dorian', if that is the name of it, is anothersuperstition, like the peepul tree.
there was a great abundance andvariety of tropical fruits, but the dorian was never in evidence.
it wasnever the season for the dorian.
it was always going to arrive fromburma sometime or other, but it never did.
by all accounts it was a moststrange fruit, and incomparably delicious to the taste, but not to thesmell.
its rind was said to exude a stench of so atrocious a nature thatwhen a dorian was in the room even the presence of a polecat was arefreshment.
we found many who had eaten the dorian, and they all spokeof it with a sort of rapture.
they said that if you could hold your noseuntil the fruit was in your mouth a sacred joy would suffuse you fromhead to foot that would make you oblivious to the smell of the rind, butthat if your grip slipped and you caught the smell of the rind before thefruit was in your mouth, you would faint.
there is a fortune in thatrind.
some day somebody will import it into europe and sell it forcheese.
benares was not a disappointment.
it justified its reputation as acuriosity.
it is on high ground, and overhangs a grand curve of theganges.
it is a vast mass of building, compactly crusting a hill, and iscloven in all directions by an intricate confusion of cracks which standfor streets.
tall, slim minarets and beflagged temple-spires rise out ofit and give it picturesqueness, viewed from the river.
the city is asbusy as an ant-hill, and the hurly-burly of human life swarming along theweb of narrow streets reminds one of the ants.
the sacred cow swarmsalong, too, and goes whither she pleases, and takes toll of thegrain-shops, and is very much in the way, and is a good deal of anuisance, since she must not be molested.
benares is older than history, older than tradition, older even thanlegend, and looks twice as old as all of them put together.
from ahindoo statement quoted in rev.
mr. parker's compact and lucid guide tobenares, i find that the site of the town was the beginning-place of thecreation.
it was merely an upright "lingam," at first, no larger than astove-pipe, and stood in the midst of a shoreless ocean.
this was thework of the god vishnu.
later he spread the lingam out till its surfacewas ten miles across.
still it was not large enough for the business;therefore he presently built the globe around it.
benares is thus thecenter of the earth.
this is considered an advantage.
it has had a tumultuous history, both materially and spiritually.
itstarted brahminically, many ages ago; then by and by buddha came inrecent times 2,500 years ago, and after that it was buddhist during manycenturies--twelve, perhaps--but the brahmins got the upper hand again,then, and have held it ever since.
it is unspeakably sacred in hindooeyes, and is as unsanitary as it is sacred, and smells like the rind ofthe dorian.
it is the headquarters of the brahmin faith, and one-eighthof the population are priests of that church.
but it is not anoverstock, for they have all india as a prey.
all india flocks thitheron pilgrimage, and pours its savings into the pockets of the priests in agenerous stream, which never fails.
a priest with a good stand on theshore of the ganges is much better off than the sweeper of the bestcrossing in london.
a good stand is worth a world of money.
the holyproprietor of it sits under his grand spectacular umbrella and blessespeople all his life, and collects his commission, and grows fat and rich;and the stand passes from father to son, down and down and down throughthe ages, and remains a permanent and lucrative estate in the family.
asmr. parker suggests, it can become a subject of dispute, at one time oranother, and then the matter will be settled, not by prayer and fastingand consultations with vishnu, but by the intervention of a much morepuissant power--an english court.
in bombay i was told by an americanmissionary that in india there are 640 protestant missionaries at work.
at first it seemed an immense force, but of course that was a thoughtlessidea.
one missionary to 500,000 natives--no, that is not a force; it isthe reverse of it; 640 marching against an intrenched camp of300,000,000--the odds are too great.
a force of 640 in benares alonewould have its hands over-full with 8,000 brahmin priests for adversary.
missionaries need to be well equipped with hope and confidence, and thisequipment they seem to have always had in all parts of the world.
mr.parker has it.
it enables him to get a favorable outlook out ofstatistics which might add up differently with other mathematicians.
forinstance:"during the past few years competent observers declare that the number ofpilgrims to benares has increased."
and then he adds up this fact and gets this conclusion:"but the revival, if so it may be called, has in it the marks of death.
it is a spasmodic struggle before dissolution."
in this world we have seen the roman catholic power dying, upon thesesame terms, for many centuries.
many a time we have gotten all ready forthe funeral and found it postponed again, on account of the weather orsomething.
taught by experience, we ought not to put on our things forthis brahminical one till we see the procession move.
apparently one ofthe most uncertain things in the world is the funeral of a religion.
i should have been glad to acquire some sort of idea of hindoo theology,but the difficulties were too great, the matter was too intricate.
eventhe mere a, b, c of it is baffling.
there is a trinity--brahma, shiva, and vishnu--independent powers,apparently, though one cannot feel quite sure of that, because in one ofthe temples there is an image where an attempt has been made toconcentrate the three in one person.
the three have other names andplenty of them, and this makes confusion in one's mind.
the three havewives and the wives have several names, and this increases the confusion.
there are children, the children have many names, and thus the confusiongoes on and on.
it is not worth while to try to get any grip upon thecloud of minor gods, there are too many of them.
it is even a justifiable economy to leave brahma, the chiefest god ofall, out of your studies, for he seems to cut no great figure in india.
the vast bulk of the national worship is lavished upon shiva and vishnuand their families.
shiva's symbol--the "lingam" with which vishnu beganthe creation--is worshiped by everybody, apparently.
it is the commonestobject in benares.
it is on view everywhere, it is garlanded withflowers, offerings are made to it, it suffers no neglect.
commonly it isan upright stone, shaped like a thimble--sometimes like an elongatedthimble.
this priapus-worship, then, is older than history.
mr. parkersays that the lingams in benares "outnumber the inhabitants."
in benares there are many mohammedan mosques.
there are hindoo templeswithout number--these quaintly shaped and elaborately sculptured littlestone jugs crowd all the lanes.
the ganges itself and every individualdrop of water in it are temples.
religion, then, is the business ofbenares, just as gold-production is the business of johannesburg.
otherindustries count for nothing as compared with the vast and all-absorbingrush and drive and boom of the town's specialty.
benares is thesacredest of sacred cities.
the moment you step across thesharply-defined line which separates it from the rest of the globe, youstand upon ineffably and unspeakably holy ground.
mr. parker says: "itis impossible to convey any adequate idea of the intense feelings ofveneration and affection with which the pious hindoo regards 'holy kashi'(benares)."
and then he gives you this vivid and moving picture:     "let a hindoo regiment be marched through the district, and as soon     as they cross the line and enter the limits of the holy place they     rend the air with cries of 'kashi ji ki jai--jai!
hail to thee!
the weary pilgrim     scarcely able to stand, with age and weakness, blinded by the dust     and heat, and almost dead with fatigue, crawls out of the oven-like     railway carriage and as soon as his feet touch the ground he lifts     up his withered hands and utters the same pious exclamation.
let a     european in some distant city in casual talk in the bazar mention     the fact that he has lived at benares, and at once voices will be     raised to call down blessings on his head, for a dweller in benares     is of all men most blessed."
it makes our own religious enthusiasm seem pale and cold.
inasmuch asthe life of religion is in the heart, not the head, mr. parker's touchingpicture seems to promise a sort of indefinite postponement of thatfuneral.
yes, the city of benares is in effect just a big church, a religioushive, whose every cell is a temple, a shrine or a mosque, and whose everyconceivable earthly and heavenly good is procurable under one roof, so tospeak--a sort of army and navy stores, theologically stocked.
i will make out a little itinerary for the pilgrim; then you will see howhandy the system is, how convenient, how comprehensive.
if you go tobenares with a serious desire to spiritually benefit yourself, you willfind it valuable.
i got some of the facts from conversations with therev.
mr. parker and the others from his guide to benares; they aretherefore trustworthy.
at sunrise you must go down to the ganges and bathe,pray, and drink some of the water.
this is for your generalpurification.
2. protection against hunger.
next, you must fortify yourself againstthe sorrowful earthly ill just named.
this you will do by worshiping fora moment in the cow temple.
by the door of it you will find an image ofganesh, son of shiva; it has the head of an elephant on a human body; itsface and hands are of silver.
you will worship it a little, and pass on,into a covered veranda, where you will find devotees reciting from thesacred books, with the help of instructors.
in this place are groups ofrude and dismal idols.
you may contribute something for their support;then pass into the temple, a grim and stenchy place, for it is populouswith sacred cows and with beggars.
you will give something to thebeggars, and "reverently kiss the tails" of such cows as pass along, forthese cows are peculiarly holy, and this act of worship will secure youfrom hunger for the day.
"the poor man's friend."
you will next worship this god.
he is atthe bottom of a stone cistern in the temple of dalbhyeswar, under theshade of a noble peepul tree on the bluff overlooking the ganges, so youmust go back to the river.
the poor man's friend is the god of materialprosperity in general, and the god of the rain in particular.
you willsecure material prosperity, or both, by worshiping him.
he is shiva,under a new alias, and he abides in the bottom of that cistern, in theform of a stone lingam.
you pour ganges water over him, and in returnfor this homage you get the promised benefits.
if there is any delayabout the rain, you must pour water in until the cistern is full; therain will then be sure to come.
at the kedar ghat you will find a long flight of stone stepsleading down to the river.
half way down is a tank filled with sewage.
drink as much of it as you want.
it is for fever.
go straight from there to the central ghat.
at itsupstream end you will find a small whitewashed building, which is atemple sacred to sitala, goddess of smallpox.
her under-study is there--a rude human figure behind a brass screen.
you will worship this forreasons to be furnished presently.
6. the well of fate.
for certain reasons you will next go and do homageat this well.
you will find it in the dandpan temple, in the city.
thesunlight falls into it from a square hole in the masonry above.
you willapproach it with awe, for your life is now at stake.
you will bend overand look.
if the fates are propitious, you will see your face picturedin the water far down in the well.
if matters have been otherwiseordered, a sudden cloud will mask the sun and you will see nothing.
thismeans that you have not six months to live.
if you are already at thepoint of death, your circumstances are now serious.
there is no time tolose.
let this world go, arrange for the next one.
handily situated, atyour very elbow, is opportunity for this.
you turn and worship the imageof maha kal, the great fate, and happiness in the life to come issecured.
if there is breath in your body yet, you should now make aneffort to get a further lease of the present life.
you have a chance.
there is a chance for everything in this admirably stocked andwonderfully systemized spiritual and temporal army and navy store.
youmust get yourself carried to the7. well of long life.
this is within the precincts of the mouldering andvenerable briddhkal temple, which is one of the oldest in benares.
youpass in by a stone image of the monkey god, hanuman, and there, among theruined courtyards, you will find a shallow pool of stagnant sewage.
itsmells like the best limburger cheese, and is filthy with the washings ofrotting lepers, but that is nothing, bathe in it; bathe in it gratefullyand worshipfully, for this is the fountain of youth; these are the watersof long life.
your gray hairs will disappear, and with them yourwrinkles and your rheumatism, the burdens of care and the weariness ofage, and you will come out young, fresh, elastic, and full of eagernessfor the new race of life.
now will come flooding upon you the manifolddesires that haunt the dear dreams of the morning of life.
you will gowhither you will find8. fulfillment of desire.
to wit, to the kameshwar temple, sacred toshiva as the lord of desires.
arrange for yours there.
and if you liketo look at idols among the pack and jam of temples, there you will findenough to stock a museum.
you will begin to commit sins now with afresh, new vivacity; therefore, it will be well to go frequently to aplace where you can get9. temporary cleansing from sin.
to wit, to the well of the earring.
you must approach this with the profoundest reverence, for it isunutterably sacred.
it is, indeed, the most sacred place in benares, thevery holy of holies, in the estimation of the people.
it is a railedtank, with stone stairways leading down to the water.
the water is notclean.
of course it could not be, for people are always bathing in it.
as long as you choose to stand and look, you will see the files ofsinners descending and ascending--descending soiled with sin, ascendingpurged from it.
"the liar, the thief, the murderer, and the adulterermay here wash and be clean," says the rev.
mr. parker, in his book.
i know mr. parker, and i believe it; but if anybody else had saidit, i should consider him a person who had better go down in the tank andtake another wash.  the god vishnu dug this tank.
he had nothing to digwith but his "discus."
i do not know what a discus is, but i know it is apoor thing to dig tanks with, because, by the time this one was finished,it was full of sweat--vishnu's sweat.
he constructed the site thatbenares stands on, and afterward built the globe around it, and thoughtnothing of it, yet sweated like that over a little thing like this tank.
one of these statements is doubtful.
i do not know which one it is, buti think it difficult not to believe that a god who could build a worldaround benares would not be intelligent enough to build it around thetank too, and not have to dig it.
youth, long life, temporarypurification from sin, salvation through propitiation of the great fate--these are all good.
but you must do something more.
you must10. make salvation sure.
there are several ways.
to get drowned inthe ganges is one, but that is not pleasant.
to die within the limits ofbenares is another; but that is a risky one, because you might be out oftown when your time came.
the best one of all is the pilgrimage aroundthe city.
you must walk; also, you must go barefoot.
the tramp isforty-four miles, for the road winds out into the country a piece, andyou will be marching five or six days.
but you will have plenty ofcompany.
you will move with throngs and hosts of happy pilgrims whoseradiant costumes will make the spectacle beautiful and whose glad songsand holy pans of triumph will banish your fatigues and cheer your spirit;and at intervals there will be temples where you may sleep and berefreshed with food.
the pilgrimage completed, you have purchasedsalvation, and paid for it.
but you may not get it unless you11. get your redemption recorded.
you can get this done at the sakhibinayak temple, and it is best to do it, for otherwise you might not beable to prove that you had made the pilgrimage in case the matter shouldsome day come to be disputed.
that temple is in a lane back of the cowtemple.
over the door is a red image of ganesh of the elephant head, sonand heir of shiva, and prince of wales to the theological monarchy, so tospeak.
within is a god whose office it is to record your pilgrimage andbe responsible for you.
you will not see him, but you will see a brahminwho will attend to the matter and take the money.
if he should forget tocollect the money, you can remind him.
he  knows that your salvation isnow secure, but of course you would like to know it yourself.
you havenothing to do but go and pray, and pay at the12.  well of the knowledge of salvation.
it is close to the goldentemple.
there you will see, sculptured out of a single piece of blackmarble, a bull which is much larger than any living bull you have everseen, and yet is not a good likeness after all.
and there also you willsee a very uncommon thing--an image of shiva.
you have seen his lingamfifty thousand times already, but this is shiva himself, and said to be agood likeness.
it has three eyes.
he is the only god in the firm thathas three.
"the well is covered by a fine canopy of stone supported byforty pillars," and around it you will find what you have already seen atalmost every shrine you have visited in benares, a mob of devout andeager pilgrims.
the sacred water is being ladled out to them; with itcomes to them the knowledge, clear, thrilling, absolute, that they aresaved; and you can see by their faces that there is one happiness in thisworld which is supreme, and to which no other joy is comparable.
youreceive your water, you make your deposit, and now what more would youhave?
gold, diamonds, power, fame?
all in a single moment these thingshave withered to dirt, dust, ashes.
the world has nothing to give younow.
for you it is bankrupt.
i do not claim that the pilgrims do their acts of worship in the orderand sequence above charted out in this itinerary of mine, but i thinklogic suggests that they ought to do so.
instead of a helter-skelterworship, we then have a definite starting-place, and a march whichcarries the pilgrim steadily forward by reasoned and logical progressionto a definite goal.
thus, his ganges bath in the early morning gives himan appetite; he kisses the cow-tails, and that removes it.
it is nowbusiness hours, and longings for material prosperity rise in his mind,and he goes and pours water over shiva's symbol; this insures theprosperity, but also brings on a rain, which gives him a fever.
then hedrinks the sewage at the kedar ghat to cure the fever; it cures the feverbut gives him the smallpox.
he wishes to know how it is going to turnout; he goes to the dandpan temple and looks down the well.
a cloudedsun shows him that death is near.
logically his best course for thepresent, since he cannot tell at what moment he may die, is to secure ahappy hereafter; this he does, through the agency of the great fate.
heis safe, now, for heaven; his next move will naturally be to keep out ofit as long as he can.
therefore he goes to the briddhkal temple andsecures youth and long life by bathing in a puddle of leper-pus whichwould kill a microbe.
logically, youth has re-equipped him for sin andwith the disposition to commit it; he will naturally go to the fane whichis consecrated to the fulfillment of desires, and make arrangements.
logically, he will now go to the well of the earring from time to time tounload and freshen up for further banned enjoyments.
but first and lastand all the time he is human, and therefore in his reflective intervalshe will always be speculating in "futures."
he will make the greatpilgrimage around the city and so make his salvation absolutely sure; hewill also have record made of it, so that it may remain absolutely sureand not be forgotten or repudiated in the confusion of the finalsettlement.
logically, also, he will wish to have satisfying andtranquilizing personal knowledge that that salvation is secure; thereforehe goes to the well of the knowledge of salvation, adds that completingdetail, and then goes about his affairs serene and content; serene andcontent, for he is now royally endowed with an advantage which noreligion in this world could give him but his own; for henceforth he maycommit as many million sins as he wants to and nothing can come of it.
thus the system, properly and logically ordered, is neat, compact,clearly defined, and covers the whole ground.
i desire to recommend itto such as find the other systems too difficult, exacting, and irksomefor the uses of this fretful brief life of ours.
however, let me not deceive any one.
my itinerary lacks a detail.
imust put it in.
the truth is, that after the pilgrim has faithfullyfollowed the requirements of the itinerary through to the end and hassecured his salvation and also the personal knowledge of that fact, thereis still an accident possible to him which can annul the whole thing.
ifhe should ever cross to the other side of the ganges and get caught outand die there he would at once come to life again in the form of an ass.
think of that, after all this trouble and expense.
you see howcapricious and uncertain salvation is there.
the hindoo has a childishand unreasoning aversion to being turned into an ass.
it is hard to tellwhy.
one could properly expect an ass to have an aversion to beingturned into a hindoo.
one could understand that he could lose dignity byit; also self-respect, and nine-tenths of his intelligence.
but thehindoo changed into an ass wouldn't lose anything, unless you count hisreligion.
and he would gain much--release from his slavery to twomillion gods and twenty million priests, fakeers, holy mendicants, andother sacred bacilli; he would escape the hindoo hell; he would alsoescape the hindoo heaven.
these are advantages which the hindoo ought toconsider; then he would go over and die on the other side.
benares is a religious vesuvius.
in its bowels the theological forceshave been heaving and tossing, rumbling, thundering and quaking, boiling,and weltering and flaming and smoking for ages.
but a little group ofmissionaries have taken post at its base, and they have hopes.
there arethe baptist missionary society, the church missionary society, the londonmissionary society, the wesleyan missionary society, and the zenana bibleand medical mission.
they have schools, and the principal work seems tobe among the children.
and no doubt that part of the work prospers best,for grown people everywhere are always likely to cling to the religionthey were brought up in.
in one of those benares temples we saw a devotee working for salvation ina curious way.
he had a huge wad of clay beside him and was making it upinto little wee gods no bigger than carpet tacks.
he stuck a grain ofrice into each--to represent the lingam, i think.
he turned them outnimbly, for he had had long practice and had acquired great facility.
every day he made 2,000 gods, then threw them into the holy ganges.
thisact of homage brought him the profound homage of the pious--also theircoppers.
he had a sure living here, and was earning a high place in thehereafter.
the ganges front is the supreme show-place of benares.
its tall bluffsare solidly caked from water to summit, along a stretch of three miles,with a splendid jumble of massive and picturesque masonry, a bewilderingand beautiful confusion of stone platforms, temples, stair-flights, richand stately palaces--nowhere a break, nowhere a glimpse of the bluffitself; all the long face of it is compactly walled from sight by thiscrammed perspective of platforms, soaring stairways, sculptured temples,majestic palaces, softening away into the distances; and there ismovement, motion, human life everywhere, and brilliantly costumed--streaming in rainbows up and down the lofty stairways, and massed inmetaphorical flower-gardens on the miles of great platforms at theriver's edge.
all this masonry, all this architecture represents piety.
the palaceswere built by native princes whose homes, as a rule, are far frombenares, but who go there from time to time to refresh their souls withthe sight and touch of the ganges, the river of their idolatry.
thestairways are records of acts of piety; the crowd of costly littletemples are tokens of money spent by rich men for present credit and hopeof future reward.
apparently, the rich christian who spends large sumsupon his religion is conspicuous with us, by his rarity, but the richhindoo who doesn't spend large sums upon his religion is seeminglynon-existent.
with us the poor spend money on their religion, but theykeep back some to live on.
apparently, in india, the poor bankruptthemselves daily for their religion.
the rich hindoo can afford hispious outlays; he gets much glory for his spendings, yet keeps back asufficiency of his income for temporal purposes; but the poor hindoo isentitled to compassion, for his spendings keep him poor, yet get him noglory.
we made the usual trip up and down the river, seated in chairs under anawning on the deck of the usual commodious hand-propelled ark; made ittwo or three times, and could have made it with increasing interest andenjoyment many times more; for, of course, the palaces and temples wouldgrow more and more beautiful every time one saw them, for that happenswith all such things; also, i think one would not get tired of thebathers, nor their costumes, nor of their ingenuities in getting out ofthem and into them again without exposing too much bronze, nor of theirdevotional gesticulations and absorbed bead-tellings.
but i should get tired of seeing them wash their mouths with thatdreadful water and drink it.
in fact, i did get tired of it, and veryearly, too.
at one place where we halted for a while, the foul gush froma sewer was making the water turbid and murky all around, and there was arandom corpse slopping around in it that had floated down from upcountry.
ten steps below that place stood a crowd of men, women, andcomely young maidens waist deep in the water-and they were scooping it upin their hands and drinking it.
faith can certainly do wonders, and thisis an instance of it.
those people were not drinking that fearful stuffto assuage thirst, but in order to purify their souls and the interior oftheir bodies.
according to their creed, the ganges water makeseverything pure that it touches--instantly and utterly pure.
the sewerwater was not an offence to them, the corpse did not revolt them; thesacred water had touched both, and both were now snow-pure, and coulddefile no one.
the memory of that sight will always stay by me; but notby request.
a word further concerning the nasty but all-purifying ganges water.
whenwe went to agra, by and by, we happened there just in time to be in atthe birth of a marvel--a memorable scientific discovery--the discoverythat in certain ways the foul and derided ganges water is the mostpuissant purifier in the world!
this curious fact, as i have said, hadjust been added to the treasury of modern science.
it had long beennoted as a strange thing that while benares is often afflicted with thecholera she does not spread it beyond her borders.
this could not beaccounted for.
mr. henkin, the scientist in the employ of the governmentof agra, concluded to examine the water.
he went to benares and made histests.
he got water at the mouths of the sewers where they empty intothe river at the bathing ghats; a cubic centimetre of it containedmillions of germs; at the end of six hours they were all dead.
he caughta floating corpse, towed it to the shore, and from beside it he dipped upwater that was swarming with cholera germs; at the end of six hours theywere all dead.
he added swarm after swarm of cholera germs to thiswater; within the six hours they always died, to the last sample.
repeatedly, he took pure well water which was barren of animal life, andput into it a few cholera germs; they always began to propagate at once,and always within six hours they swarmed--and were numberable by millionsupon millions.
for ages and ages the hindoos have had absolute faith that the water ofthe ganges was absolutely pure, could not be defiled by any contactwhatsoever, and infallibly made pure and clean whatsoever thing touchedit.
they still believe it, and that is why they bathe in it and drinkit, caring nothing for its seeming filthiness and the floating corpses.
the hindoos have been laughed at, these many generations, but thelaughter will need to modify itself a little from now on.
how didthey find out the water's secret in those ancient ages?
had theygerm-scientists then?
we do not know.
we only know that they had acivilization long before we emerged from savagery.
but to return towhere i was before; i was about to speak of the burning-ghat.
they do not burn fakeers--those revered mendicants.
they are so holythat they can get to their place without that sacrament, provided they beconsigned to the consecrating river.
we saw one carried to mid-streamand thrown overboard.
he was sandwiched between two great slabs ofstone.
we lay off the cremation-ghat half an hour and saw nine corpses burned.
i should not wish to see any more of it, unless i might select theparties.
the mourners follow the bier through the town and down to theghat; then the bier-bearers deliver the body to some low-caste natives--doms--and the mourners turn about and go back home.
i heard no cryingand saw no tears, there was no ceremony of parting.
apparently, theseexpressions of grief and affection are reserved for the privacy of thehome.
the dead women came draped in red, the men in white.
they arelaid in the water at the river's edge while the pyre is being prepared.
the first subject was a man.
when the doms unswathed him to wash him, heproved to be a sturdily built, well-nourished and handsome old gentleman,with not a sign about him to suggest that he had ever been ill.  dry woodwas brought and built up into a loose pile; the corpse was laid upon itand covered over with fuel.
then a naked holy man who was sitting onhigh ground a little distance away began to talk and shout with greatenergy, and he kept up this noise right along.
it may have been thefuneral sermon, and probably was.
i forgot to say that one of themourners remained behind when the others went away.
this was the deadman's son, a boy of ten or twelve, brown and handsome, grave andself-possessed, and clothed in flowing white.
he was there to burn hisfather.
he was given a torch, and while he slowly walked seven timesaround the pyre the naked black man on the high ground poured out hissermon more clamorously than ever.
the seventh circuit completed, theboy applied the torch at his father's head, then at his feet; the flamessprang briskly up with a sharp crackling noise, and the lad went away.
hindoos do not want daughters, because their weddings make such a ruinousexpense; but they want sons, so that at death they may have honorableexit from the world; and there is no honor equal to the honor of havingone's pyre lighted by one's son.
the father who dies sonless is in agrievous situation indeed, and is pitied.
life being uncertain, thehindoo marries while he is still a boy, in the hope that he will have ason ready when the day of his need shall come.
but if he have no son, hewill adopt one.
this answers every purpose.
meantime the corpse is burning, also several others.
it is a dismalbusiness.
the stokers did not sit down in idleness, but moved brisklyabout, punching up the fires with long poles, and now and then addingfuel.
sometimes they hoisted the half of a skeleton into the air, thenslammed it down and beat it with the pole, breaking it up so that itwould burn better.
they hoisted skulls up in the same way and banged andbattered them.
the sight was hard to bear; it would have been harder ifthe mourners had stayed to witness it.
i had but a moderate desire tosee a cremation, so it was soon satisfied.
for sanitary reasons it wouldbe well if cremation were universal; but this form is revolting, and notto be recommended.
the fire used is sacred, of course--for there is money in it.
ordinaryfire is forbidden; there is no money in it.
i was told that this sacredfire is all furnished by one person, and that he has a monopoly of it andcharges a good price for it.
sometimes a rich mourner pays a thousandrupees for it.
to get to paradise from india is an expensive thing.
every detail connected with the matter costs something, and helps tofatten a priest.
i suppose it is quite safe to conclude that thatfire-bug is in holy orders.
close to the cremation-ground stand a few time-worn stones which areremembrances of the suttee.
each has a rough carving upon it,representing a man and a woman standing or walking hand in hand, andmarks the spot where a widow went to her death by fire in the days whenthe suttee flourished.
mr. parker said that widows would burn themselvesnow if the government would allow it.
the family that can point to oneof these little memorials and say: "she who burned herself there was anancestress of ours," is envied.
it is a curious people.
with them, all life seems to be sacred excepthuman life.
even the life of vermin is sacred, and must not be taken.
the good jain wipes off a seat before using it, lest he cause the deathof-some valueless insect by sitting down on it.
it grieves him to haveto drink water, because the provisions in his stomach may not agree withthe microbes.
yet india invented thuggery and the suttee.
india is ahard country to understand.
we went to the temple of the thug goddess,bhowanee, or kali, or durga.
she has these names and others.
she is theonly god to whom living sacrifices are made.
goats are sacrificed toher.
monkeys would be cheaper.
there are plenty of them about theplace.
being sacred, they make themselves very free, and scramble aroundwherever they please.
the temple and its porch are beautifully carved,but this is not the case with the idol.
bhowanee is not pleasant to lookat.
she has a silver face, and a projecting swollen  tongue painted adeep red.
she wears a necklace of skulls.
in fact, none of the idols in benares are handsome or attractive.
andwhat a swarm of them there is!
the town is a vast museum of idols--andall of them crude, misshapen, and ugly.
they flock through one's dreamsat night, a wild mob of nightmares.
when you get tired of them in thetemples and take a trip on the river, you find idol giants, flashilypainted, stretched out side by side on the shore.
and apparentlywherever there is room for one more lingam, a lingam is there.
if vishnuhad foreseen what his town was going to be, he would have called itidolville or lingamburg.
the most conspicuous feature of benares is the pair of slender whiteminarets which tower like masts from the great mosque of aurangzeb.
theyseem to be always in sight, from everywhere, those airy, graceful,inspiring things.
but masts is not the right word, for masts have aperceptible taper, while these minarets have not.
they are 142 feethigh, and only 8 1/2 feet in diameter at the base, and 7 1/2 at thesummit--scarcely any taper at all.
these are the proportions of acandle; and fair and fairylike candles these are.
will be, anyway, someday, when the christians inherit them and top them with the electriclight.
there is a great view from up there--a wonderful view.
a largegray monkey was part of it, and damaged it.
a monkey has no judgment.
this one was skipping about the upper great heights of the mosque--skipping across empty yawning intervals which were almost too wide forhim, and which he only just barely cleared, each time, by the skin of histeeth.
he got me so nervous that i couldn't look at the view.
icouldn't look at anything but him.
every time he went sailing over oneof those abysses my breath stood still, and when he grabbed for the perchhe was going for, i grabbed too, in sympathy.
and he was perfectlyindifferent, perfectly unconcerned, and i did all the panting myself.
he came within an ace of losing his life a dozen times, and i was sotroubled about him that i would have shot him if i had had anything to doit with.
but i strongly recommend the view.
there is more monkey thanview, and there is always going to be more monkey while that idiotsurvives, but what view you get is superb.
all benares, the river, andthe region round about are spread before you.
take a gun, and look atthe view.
the next thing i saw was more reposeful.
it was a new kind of art.
itwas a picture painted on water.
it was done by a native.
he sprinkledfine dust of various colors on the still surface of a basin of water, andout of these sprinklings a dainty and pretty picture gradually grew, apicture which a breath could destroy.
somehow it was impressive, afterso much browsing among massive and battered and decaying fanes that restupon ruins, and those ruins upon still other ruins, and those upon stillothers again.
it was a sermon, an allegory, a symbol of instability.
those creations in stone were only a kind of water pictures, after all.
a prominent episode in the indian career of warren hastings had benaresfor its theater.
wherever that extraordinary man set his foot, he lefthis mark.
he came to benares in 1781 to collect a fine of l500,000 whichhe had levied upon its rajah, cheit singh, on behalf of the east indiacompany.
hastings was a long way from home and help.
there were,probably, not a dozen englishmen within reach; the rajah was in his fortwith his myriads around him.
but no matter.
from his little camp in aneighboring garden, hastings sent a party to arrest the sovereign.
hesent on this daring mission a couple of hundred native soldiers--sepoys--under command of three young english lieutenants.
the rajah submittedwithout a word.
the incident lights up the indian situationelectrically, and gives one a vivid sense of the strides which theenglish had made and the mastership they had acquired in the land sincethe date of clive's great victory.
in a quarter of a century, from beingnobodies, and feared by none, they were become confessed lords andmasters, feared by all, sovereigns included, and served by all,sovereigns included.
it makes the fairy tales sound true.
the englishhad not been afraid to enlist native soldiers to fight against their ownpeople and keep them obedient.
and now hastings was not afraid to comeaway out to this remote place with a handful of such soldiers and sendthem to arrest a native sovereign.
the lieutenants imprisoned the rajah in his own fort.
it was beautiful,the pluckiness of it, the impudence of it.
the arrest enraged therajah's people, and all benares came storming about the place andthreatening vengeance.
and yet, but for an accident, nothing importantwould have resulted, perhaps.
the mob found out a most strange thing, analmost incredible thing--that this handful of soldiers had come on thishardy errand with empty guns and no ammunition.
this has been attributedto thoughtlessness, but it could hardly have been that, for in such largeemergencies as this, intelligent people do think.
it must have beenindifference, an over-confidence born of the proved submissiveness of thenative character, when confronted by even one or two stern britons intheir war paint.
but, however that may be, it was a fatal discovery thatthe mob had made.
they were full of courage, now, and they broke intothe fort and massacred the helpless soldiers and their officers.
hastings escaped from benares by night and got safely away, leaving theprincipality in a state of wild insurrection; but he was back againwithin the month, and quieted it down in his prompt and virile way, andtook the rajah's throne away from him and gave it to another man.
he wasa capable kind of person was warren hastings.
this was the only time hewas ever out of ammunition.
some of his acts have left stains upon hisname which can never be washed away, but he saved to england the indianempire, and that was the best service that was ever done to the indiansthemselves, those wretched heirs of a hundred centuries of pitilessoppression and abuse.
it was in benares that i saw another living god.
that makes two.
i believe i have seen most of the greater and lesser wonders of theworld, but i do not remember that any of them interested me sooverwhelmingly as did that pair of gods.
when i try to account for this effect i find no difficulty about it.
i find that, as a rule, when a thing is a wonder to us it is not becauseof what we see in it, but because of what others have seen in it.
we getalmost all our wonders at second hand.
we are eager to see anycelebrated thing--and we never fail of our reward; just the deepprivilege of gazing upon an object which has stirred the enthusiasm orevoked the reverence or affection or admiration of multitudes of our raceis a thing which we value; we are profoundly glad that we have seen it,we are permanently enriched from having seen it, we would not part withthe memory of that experience for a great price.
and yet that veryspectacle may be the taj.
you cannot keep your enthusiasms down, youcannot keep your emotions within bounds when that soaring bubble ofmarble breaks upon your view.
but these are not your enthusiasms andemotions--they are the accumulated emotions and enthusiasms of a thousandfervid writers, who have been slowly and steadily storing them up in yourheart day by day and year by year all your life; and now they burst outin a flood and overwhelm you; and you could not be a whit happier if theywere your very own.
by and by you sober down, and then you perceive thatyou have been drunk on the smell of somebody else's cork.
for ever andever the memory of my distant first glimpse of the taj will compensate mefor creeping around the globe to have that great privilege.
but the taj--with all your inflation of delusive emotions, acquired atsecond-hand from people to whom in the majority of cases they were alsodelusions acquired at second-hand--a thing which you fortunately did notthink of or it might have made you doubtful of what you imagined wereyour own what is the taj as a marvel, a spectacle and an uplifting andoverpowering wonder, compared with a living, breathing, speakingpersonage whom several millions of human beings devoutly and sincerelyand unquestioningly believe to be a god, and humbly and gratefullyworship as a god?
he was sixty years old when i saw him.
he is called sri 108 swamibhaskarananda saraswati.
that is one form of it.
i think that that iswhat you would call him in speaking to him--because it is short.
but youwould use more of his name in addressing a letter to him; courtesy wouldrequire this.
even then you would not have to use all of it, but onlythis much:sri 108 matparamahansrzpairivrajakacharyaswamibhaskaranandasaraswati.
you do not put "esq."
after it, for that is not necessary.
the wordwhich opens the volley is itself a title of honor "sri."
the "108"stands for the rest of his names, i believe.
vishnu has 108 names whichhe does not use in business, and no doubt it is a custom of gods and aprivilege sacred to their order to keep 108 extra ones in stock.
justthe restricted name set down above is a handsome property, without the108.  by my count it has 58 letters in it.
this removes the long germanwords from competition; they are permanently out of the race.
sri 108 s. b. saraswati has attained to what among the hindoos is calledthe "state of perfection."
it is a state which other hindoos reach bybeing born again and again, and over and over again into this world,through one re-incarnation after another--a tiresome long job coveringcenturies and decades of centuries, and one that is full of risks, too,like the accident of dying on the wrong side of the ganges some time orother and waking up in the form of an ass, with a fresh start necessaryand the numerous trips to be made all over again.
but in reachingperfection, sri 108 s. b. s.  has escaped all that.
he is no longer apart or a feature of this world; his substance has changed, allearthiness has departed out of it; he is utterly holy, utterly pure;nothing can desecrate this holiness or stain this purity; he is no longerof the earth, its concerns are matters foreign to him, its pains andgriefs and troubles cannot reach him.
when he dies, nirvana is his; hewill be absorbed into the substance of the supreme deity and be at peaceforever.
the hindoo scriptures point out how this state is to be reached, but itis only once in a thousand years, perhaps, that candidate accomplishesit.
this one has traversed the course required, stage by stage, from thebeginning to the end, and now has nothing left to do but wait for thecall which shall release him from a world in which he has now no part norlot.
first, he passed through the student stage, and became learned inthe holy books.
next he became citizen, householder, husband, andfather.
that was the required second stage.
then--like john bunyan'schristian he bade perpetual good-bye to his family, as required, and wentwandering away.
he went far into the desert and served a term as hermit.
next, he became a beggar, "in accordance with the rites laid down in thescriptures," and wandered about india eating the bread of mendicancy.
aquarter of a century ago he reached the stage of purity.
this needs nogarment; its symbol is nudity; he discarded the waist-cloth which he hadpreviously worn.
he could resume it now if he chose, for neither thatnor any other contact can defile him; but he does not choose.
there are several other stages, i believe, but i do not remember whatthey are.
but he has been through them.
throughout the long course hewas perfecting himself in holy learning, and writing commentaries uponthe sacred books.
he was also meditating upon brahma, and he does thatnow.
white marble relief-portraits of him are sold all about india.
he livesin a good house in a noble great garden in benares, all meet and properto his stupendous rank.
necessarily he does not go abroad in thestreets.
deities would never be able to move about handily in anycountry.
if one whom we recognized and adored as a god should go abroadin our streets, and the day it was to happen were known, all trafficwould be blocked and business would come to a standstill.
this god is comfortably housed, and yet modestly, all things considered,for if he wanted to live in a palace he would only need to speak and hisworshipers would gladly build it.
sometimes he sees devotees for amoment, and comforts them and blesses them, and they kiss his feet and goaway happy.
rank is nothing to him, he being a god.
to him all men arealike.
he sees whom he pleases and denies himself to whom he pleases.
sometimes he sees a prince and denies himself to a pauper; at other timeshe receives the pauper and turns the prince away.
however, he does notreceive many of either class.
he has to husband his time for hismeditations.
i think he would receive rev.
mr. parker at any time.
ithink he is sorry for mr. parker, and i think mr. parker is sorry forhim; and no doubt this compassion is good for both of them.
when we arrived we had to stand around in the garden a little while andwait, and the outlook was not good, for he had been turning awaymaharajas that day and receiving only the riff-raff, and we belonged inbetween, somewhere.
but presently, a servant came out saying it was allright, he was coming.
and sure enough, he came, and i saw him--that object of the worship ofmillions.
it was a strange sensation, and thrilling.
i wish i couldfeel it stream through my veins again.
and yet, to me he was not a god,he was only a taj.
the thrill was not my thrill, but had come to mesecondhand from those invisible millions of believers.
by a hand-shakewith their god i had ground-circuited their wire and got their monsterbattery's whole charge.
he was tall and slender, indeed emaciated.
he had a clean cut andconspicuously intellectual face, and a deep and kindly eye.
he lookedmany years older than he really was, but much study and meditation andfasting and prayer, with the arid life he had led as hermit and beggar,could account for that.
he is wholly nude when he receives natives, ofwhatever rank they may be, but he had white cloth around his loins now, aconcession to mr. parker's european prejudices, no doubt.
as soon as i had sobered down a little we got along very well together,and i found him a most pleasant and friendly deity.
he had heard a dealabout chicago, and showed a quite remarkable interest in it, for a god.
it all came of the world's fair and the congress of religions.
if indiaknows about nothing else american, she knows about those, and will keepthem in mind one while.
he proposed an exchange of autographs, a delicate attention which made mebelieve in him, but i had been having my doubts before.
he wrote his inhis book, and i have a reverent regard for that book, though the wordsrun from right to left, and so i can't read it.
it was a mistake toprint in that way.
it contains his voluminous comments on the hindooholy writings, and if i could make them out i would try for perfectionmyself.
i gave him a copy of huckleberry finn.
i thought it might resthim up a little to mix it in along with his meditations on brahma, for helooked tired, and i knew that if it didn't do him any good it wouldn't dohim any harm.
he has a scholar meditating under him--mina bahadur rana--but we did notsee him.
he wears clothes and is very imperfect.
he has written alittle pamphlet about his master, and i have that.
it contains awood-cut of the master and himself seated on a rug in the garden.
theportrait of the master is very good indeed.
the posture is exactly thatwhich brahma himself affects, and it requires long arms and limber legs,and can be accumulated only by gods and the india-rubber man.
there is alife-size marble relief of shri 108, s.b.s.
in the garden.
itrepresents him in this same posture.
it is a strange world.
particularly the indian division of it.
this pupil, mina bahadur rana, is not a commonplace person, but a man ofdistinguished capacities and attainments, and, apparently, he had a fineworldly career in front of him.
he was serving the nepal government in ahigh capacity at the court of the viceroy of india, twenty years ago.
hewas an able man, educated, a thinker, a man of property.
but the longingto devote himself to a religious life came upon him, and he resigned hisplace, turned his back upon the vanities and comforts of the world, andwent away into the solitudes to live in a hut and study the sacredwritings and meditate upon virtue and holiness and seek to attain them.
this sort of religion resembles ours.
christ recommended the rich togive away all their property and follow him in poverty, not in worldlycomfort.
american and english millionaires do it every day, and thusverify and confirm to the world the tremendous forces that lie inreligion.
yet many people scoff at them for this loyalty to duty, andmany will scoff at mina bahadur rana and call him a crank.
like manychristians of great character and intellect, he has made the study of hisscriptures and the writing of books of commentaries upon them the lovinglabor of his life.
like them, he has believed that his was not an idleand foolish waste of his life, but a most worthy and honorable employmentof it.
yet, there are many people who will see in those others, menworthy of homage and deep reverence, but in him merely a crank.
but ishall not.
he has my reverence.
and i don't offer it as a common thingand poor, but as an unusual thing and of value.
the ordinary reverence,the reverence defined and explained by the dictionary costs nothing.
reverence for one's own sacred things--parents, religion, flag, laws, andrespect for one's own beliefs--these are feelings which we cannot evenhelp.
they come natural to us; they are involuntary, like breathing.
there is no personal merit in breathing.
but the reverence which isdifficult, and which has personal merit in it, is the respect which youpay, without compulsion, to the political or religious attitude of a manwhose beliefs are not yours.
you can't revere his gods or his politics,and no one expects you to do that, but you could respect his belief inthem if you tried hard enough; and you could respect him, too, if youtried hard enough.
but it is very, very difficult; it is next toimpossible, and so we hardly ever try.
if the man doesn't believe as wedo, we say he is a crank, and that settles it.
i mean it does nowadays,because now we can't burn him.
we are always canting about people's "irreverence," always charging thisoffense upon somebody or other, and thereby intimating that we are betterthan that person and do not commit that offense ourselves.
whenever wedo this we are in a lying attitude, and our speech is cant; for none ofus are reverent--in a meritorious way; deep down in our hearts we are allirreverent.
there is probably not a single exception to this rule in theearth.
there is probably not one person whose reverence rises higherthan respect for his own sacred things; and therefore, it is not a thingto boast about and be proud of, since the most degraded savage has that--and, like the best of us, has nothing higher.
to speak plainly, wedespise all reverences and all objects of reverence which are outside thepale of our own list of sacred things.
and yet, with strangeinconsistency, we are shocked when other people despise and defile thethings which are holy to us.
suppose we should meet with a paragraphlike the following, in the newspapers:"yesterday a visiting party of the british nobility had a picnic at mountvernon, and in the tomb of washington they ate their luncheon, sangpopular songs, played games, and danced waltzes and polkas."
should we be shocked?
should we feel outraged?
should we be amazed?
should we call the performance a desecration?
yes, that would allhappen.
we should denounce those people in round terms, and call themhard names.
and suppose we found this paragraph in the newspapers:"yesterday a visiting party of american pork-millionaires had a picnic inwestminster abbey, and in that sacred place they ate their luncheon, sangpopular songs, played games, and danced waltzes and polkas."
would the english be shocked?
would they feel outraged?
would they beamazed?
would they call the performance a desecration?
that would allhappen.
the pork-millionaires would be denounced in round terms; theywould be called hard names.
in the tomb at mount vernon lie the ashes of america's most honored son;in the abbey, the ashes of england's greatest dead; the tomb of tombs,the costliest in the earth, the wonder of the world, the taj, was builtby a great emperor to honor the memory of a perfect wife and perfectmother, one in whom there was no spot or blemish, whose love was his stayand support, whose life was the light of the world to him; in it herashes lie, and to the mohammedan millions of india it is a holy place; tothem it is what mount vernon is to americans, it is what the abbey is tothe english.
major sleeman wrote forty or fifty years ago (the italics are mine):     "i would here enter my humble protest against the quadrille and     lunch parties which are sometimes given to european ladies and     gentlemen of the station at this imperial tomb; drinking and dancing     are no doubt very good things in their season, but they are sadly     out of place in a sepulchre."
were there any americans among those lunch parties?
if they wereinvited, there were.
if my imagined lunch-parties in westminster and the tomb of washingtonshould take place, the incident would cause a vast outbreak of bittereloquence about barbarism and irreverence; and it would come from twosets of people who would go next day and dance in the taj if they had achance.
as we took our leave of the benares god and started away we noticed agroup of natives waiting respectfully just within the gate--a rajah fromsomewhere in india, and some people of lesser consequence.
the godbeckoned them to come, and as we passed out the rajah was kneeling andreverently kissing his sacred feet.
if barnum--but barnum's ambitions are at rest.
this god will remain inthe holy peace and seclusion of his garden, undisturbed.
barnum couldnot have gotten him, anyway.
still, he would have found a substitutethat would answer.
a comfortable railway journey of seventeen and a half hours brought us tothe capital of india, which is likewise the capital of bengal--calcutta.
like bombay, it has a population of nearly a million natives and a smallgathering of white people.
it is a huge city and fine, and is called thecity of palaces.
it is rich in historical memories; rich in britishachievement--military, political, commercial; rich in the results of themiracles done by that brace of mighty magicians, clive and hastings.
andhas a cloud kissing monument to one ochterlony.
it is a fluted candlestick 250 feet high.
this lingam is the only largemonument in calcutta, i believe.
it is a fine ornament, and will keepochterlony in mind.
wherever you are, in calcutta, and for miles around, you can see it; andalways when you see it you think of ochterlony.
and so there is not anhour in the day that you do not think of ochterlony and wonder who hewas.
it is good that clive cannot come back, for he would think it wasfor plassey; and then that great spirit would be wounded when therevelation came that it was not.
clive would find out that it was forochterlony; and he would think ochterlony was a battle.
and he wouldthink it was a great one, too, and he would say, "with three thousand iwhipped sixty thousand and founded the empire--and there is no monument;this other soldier must have whipped a billion with a dozen and saved theworld."
but he would be mistaken.
ochterlony was a man, not a battle.
and hedid good and honorable service, too; as good and honorable service as hasbeen done in india by seventy-five or a hundred other englishmen ofcourage, rectitude, and distinguished capacity.
for india has been afertile breeding-ground of such men, and remains so; great men, both inwar and in the civil service, and as modest as great.
but they have nomonuments, and were not expecting any.
ochterlony could not have beenexpecting one, and it is not at all likely that he desired one--certainlynot until clive and hastings should be supplied.
every day clive andhastings lean on the battlements of heaven and look down and wonder whichof the two the monument is for; and they fret and worry because theycannot find out, and so the peace of heaven is spoiled for them and lost.
but not for ochterlony.
ochterlony is not troubled.
he doesn't suspectthat it is his monument.
heaven is sweet and peaceful to him.
there isa sort of unfairness about it all.
indeed, if monuments were always given in india for high achievements,duty straitly performed, and smirchless records, the landscape would bemonotonous with them.
the handful of english in india govern the indianmyriads with apparent ease, and without noticeable friction, throughtact, training, and distinguished administrative ability, reinforced byjust and liberal laws--and by keeping their word to the native wheneverthey give it.
england is far from india and knows little about the eminent servicesperformed by her servants there, for it is the newspaper correspondentwho makes fame, and he is not sent to india but to the continent, toreport the doings of the princelets and the dukelets, and where they arevisiting and whom they are marrying.
often a british official spendsthirty or forty years in india, climbing from grade to grade by serviceswhich would make him celebrated anywhere else, and finishes as avice-sovereign, governing a great realm and millions of subjects; then hegoes home to england substantially unknown and unheard of, and settlesdown in some modest corner, and is as one extinguished.
ten years laterthere is a twenty-line obituary in the london papers, and the reader isparalyzed by the splendors of a career which he is not sure that he hadever heard of before.
but meanwhile he has learned all about thecontinental princelets and dukelets.
the average man is profoundly ignorant of countries that lie remote fromhis own.
when they are mentioned in his presence one or two facts andmaybe a couple of names rise like torches in his mind, lighting up aninch or two of it and leaving the rest all dark.
the mention of egyptsuggests some biblical facts and the pyramids-nothing more.
the mentionof south africa suggests kimberly and the diamonds and there an end.
formerly the mention, to a hindoo, of america suggested a name--georgewashington--with that his familiarity with our country was exhausted.
latterly his familiarity with it has doubled in bulk; so that whenamerica is mentioned now, two torches flare up in the dark caverns of hismind and he says, "ah, the country of the great man washington; and ofthe holy city--chicago."
for he knows about the congress of religion,andthis has enabled him to get an erroneous impression of chicago.
when india is mentioned to the citizen of a far country it suggestsclive, hastings, the mutiny, kipling, and a number of other great events;and the mention of calcutta infallibly brings up the black hole.
and so,when that citizen finds himself in the capital of india he goes first ofall to see the black hole of calcutta--and is disappointed.
the black hole was not preserved; it is gone, long, long ago.
just as it stood, it was itself a monument; a ready-made one.
it was finished, it was complete, its materials were strong and lasting,it needed no furbishing up, no repairs; it merely needed to be let alone.
it was the first brick, the foundation stone, upon which was reared amighty empire--the indian empire of great britain.
it was the ghastlyepisode of the black hole that maddened the british and brought clive,that young military marvel, raging up from madras; it was the seed fromwhich sprung plassey; and it was that extraordinary battle, whose likehad not been seen in the earth since agincourt, that laid deep and strongthe foundations of england's colossal indian sovereignty.
and yet within the time of men who still live, the black hole was torndown and thrown away as carelessly as if its bricks were common clay, notingots of historic gold.
there is no accounting for human beings.
the supposed site of the black hole is marked by an engraved plate.
isaw that; and better that than nothing.
the black hole was a prison--acell is nearer the right word--eighteen feet square, the dimensions of anordinary bedchamber; and into this place the victorious nabob of bengalpacked 146 of his english prisoners.
there was hardly standing room forthem; scarcely a breath of air was to be got; the time was night, theweather sweltering hot.
before the dawn came, the captives were all deadbut twenty-three.
mr. holwell's long account of the awful episode wasfamiliar to the world a hundred years ago, but one seldom sees in printeven an extract from it in our day.
among the striking things in it isthis.
mr. holwell, perishing with thirst, kept himself alive by suckingthe perspiration from his sleeves.
it gives one a vivid idea of thesituation.
he presently found that while he was busy drawing life fromone of his sleeves a young english gentleman was stealing supplies fromthe other one.
holwell was an unselfish man, a man of the most generousimpulses; he lived and died famous for these fine and rare qualities; yetwhen he found out what was happening to that unwatched sleeve, he tookthe precaution to suck that one dry first.
the miseries of the blackhole were able to change even a nature like his.
but that younggentleman was one of the twenty-three survivors, and he said it was thestolen perspiration that saved his life.
from the middle of mr.holwell's narrative i will make a brief excerpt:     "then a general prayer to heaven, to hasten the approach of the     flames to the right and left of us, and put a period to our misery.
but these failing, they whose strength and spirits were quite     exhausted laid themselves down and expired quietly upon their     fellows: others who had yet some strength and vigor left made a last     effort at the windows, and several succeeded by leaping and     scrambling over the backs and heads of those in the first rank, and     got hold of the bars, from which there was no removing them.
many     to the right and left sunk with the violent pressure, and were soon     suffocated; for now a steam arose from the living and the dead,     which affected us in all its circumstances as if we were forcibly     held with our heads over a bowl full of strong volatile spirit of     hartshorn, until suffocated; nor could the effluvia of the one be     distinguished from the other, and frequently, when i was forced by     the load upon my head and shoulders to hold my face down, i was     obliged, near as i was to the window, instantly to raise it again to     avoid suffocation.
i need not, my dear friend, ask your     commiseration, when i tell you, that in this plight, from half an     hour past eleven till near two in the morning, i sustained the     weight of a heavy man, with his knees in my back, and the pressure     of his whole body on my head.
a dutch surgeon who had taken his     seat upon my left shoulder, and a topaz (a black christian soldier)     bearing on my right; all which nothing could have enabled me to     support but the props and pressure equally sustaining me all around.
the two latter i frequently dislodged by shifting my hold on the     bars and driving my knuckles into their ribs; but my friend above     stuck fast, held immovable by two bars.
"i exerted anew my strength and fortitude; but the repeated trials     and efforts i made to dislodge the insufferable incumbrances upon me     at last quite exhausted me; and towards two o'clock, finding i must     quit the window or sink where i was, i resolved on the former,     having bore, truly for the sake of others, infinitely more for life     than the best of it is worth.
in the rank close behind me was an     officer of one of the ships, whose name was cary, and who had     behaved with much bravery during the siege (his wife, a fine woman,     though country born, would not quit him, but accompanied him into     the prison, and was one who survived).
this poor wretch had been     long raving for water and air; i told him i was determined to give     up life, and recommended his gaining my station.
on my quitting it     he made a fruitless attempt to get my place; but the dutch surgeon,     who sat on my shoulder, supplanted him.
poor cary expressed his     thankfulness, and said he would give up life too; but it was with     the utmost labor we forced our way from the window (several in the     inner ranks appearing to me dead standing, unable to fall by the     throng and equal pressure around).
he laid himself down to die; and     his death, i believe, was very sudden; for he was a short, full,     sanguine man.
his strength was great; and, i imagine, had he not     retired with me, i should never have been able to force my way.
i     was at this time sensible of no pain, and little uneasiness; i can     give you no better idea of my situation than by repeating my simile     of the bowl of spirit of hartshorn.
i found a stupor coming on     apace, and laid myself down by that gallant old man, the rev.
mr.     jervas bellamy, who laid dead with his son, the lieutenant, hand in     hand, near the southernmost wall of the prison.
when i had lain     there some little time, i still had reflection enough to suffer some     uneasiness in the thought that i should be trampled upon, when dead,     as i myself had done to others.
with some difficulty i raised     myself, and gained the platform a second time, where i presently     lost all sensation; the last trace of sensibility that i have been     able to recollect after my laying down, was my sash being uneasy     about my waist, which i untied, and threw from me.
of what passed     in this interval, to the time of my resurrection from this hole of     horrors, i can give you no account."
there was plenty to see in calcutta, but there was not plenty of time forit.
i saw the fort that clive built; and the place where warren hastingsand the author of the junius letters fought their duel; and the greatbotanical gardens; and the fashionable afternoon turnout in the maidan;and a grand review of the garrison in a great plain at sunrise; and amilitary tournament in which great bodies of native soldiery exhibitedthe perfection of their drill at all arms, a spectacular and beautifulshow occupying several nights and closing with the mimic storming of anative fort which was as good as the reality for thrilling and accuratedetail, and better than the reality for security and comfort; we had apleasure excursion on the 'hoogly' by courtesy of friends, and devotedthe rest of the time to social life and the indian museum.
one shouldspend a month in the museum, an enchanted palace of indian antiquities.
indeed, a person might spend half a year among the beautiful andwonderful things without exhausting their interest.
it was winter.
we were of kipling's "hosts of tourists who travel up anddown india in the cold weather showing how things ought to be managed."
it is a common expression there, "the cold weather," and the people thinkthere is such a thing.
it is because they have lived there half alifetime, and their perceptions have become blunted.
when a person isaccustomed to 138 in the shade, his ideas about cold weather are notvaluable.
i had read, in the histories, that the june marches madebetween lucknow and cawnpore by the british forces in the time of themutiny were made in that kind of weather--138 in the shade--and had takenit for historical embroidery.
i had read it again in serjeant-majorforbes-mitchell's account of his military experiences in the mutiny--at least i thought i had--and in calcutta i asked him if it was true,and he said it was.
an officer of high rank who had been in the thick ofthe mutiny said the same.
as long as those men were talking about whatthey knew, they were trustworthy, and i believed them; but when they saidit was now "cold weather," i saw that they had traveled outside of theirsphere of knowledge and were floundering.
i believe that in india "coldweather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into use throughthe necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather whichwill melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
it was observable that brass ones were in use while i was in calcutta,showing that it was not yet time to change to porcelain; i was told thechange to porcelain was not usually made until may.
but this coldweather was too warm for us; so we started to darjeeling, in thehimalayas--a twenty-four hour journey.
from diary:february 14.  we left at 4:30 p.m.  until dark we moved through richvegetation, then changed to a boat and crossed the ganges.
february 15.  up with the sun.
a brilliant morning, and frosty.
adouble suit of flannels is found necessary.
the plain is perfectlylevel, and seems to stretch away and away and away, dimming andsoftening, to the uttermost bounds of nowhere.
what a soaring,strenuous, gushing fountain spray of delicate greenery a bunch of bamboois!
as far as the eye can reach, these grand vegetable geysers grace theview, their spoutings refined to steam by distance.
and there are fieldsof bananas, with the sunshine glancing from the varnished surface oftheir drooping vast leaves.
and there are frequent groves of palm; andan effective accent is given to the landscape by isolated individuals ofthis picturesque family, towering, clean-stemmed, their plumes broken andhanging ragged, nature's imitation of an umbrella that has been out tosee what a cyclone is like and is trying not to look disappointed.
andeverywhere through the soft morning vistas we glimpse the villages, thecountless villages, the myriad villages, thatched, built of clean newmatting, snuggling among grouped palms and sheaves of bamboo; villages,villages, no end of villages, not three hundred yards apart, and dozensand dozens of them in sight all the time; a mighty city, hundreds ofmiles long, hundreds of miles broad, made all of villages, the biggestcity in the earth, and as populous as a european kingdom.
i have seen nosuch city as this before.
and there is a continuously repeated andreplenished multitude of naked men in view on both sides and ahead.
wefly through it mile after mile, but still it is always there, on bothsides and ahead--brown-bodied, naked men and boys, plowing in the fields.
but not a woman.
in these two hours i have not seen a woman or a girlworking in the fields.
"from greenland's icy mountains,               from india's coral strand,               where afric's sunny fountains               roll down their golden sand.
from many an ancient river,               from many a palmy plain,               they call us to deliver               their land from error's chain."
those are beautiful verses, and they have remained in my memory all mylife.
but if the closing lines are true, let us hope that when we cometo answer the call and deliver the land from its errors, we shall secretefrom it some of our high-civilization ways, and at the same time borrowsome of its pagan ways to enrich our high system with.
we have a rightto do this.
if we lift those people up, we have a right to liftourselves up nine or ten grades or so, at their expense.
a few years agoi spent several weeks at tolz, in bavaria.
it is a roman catholicregion, and not even benares is more deeply or pervasively orintelligently devout.
in my diary of those days i find this:     "we took a long drive yesterday around about the lovely country     roads.
but it was a drive whose pleasure was damaged in a couple of     ways: by the dreadful shrines and by the shameful spectacle of gray     and venerable old grandmothers toiling in the fields.
the shrines     were frequent along the roads--figures of the saviour nailed to the     cross and streaming with blood from the wounds of the nails and the     thorns.
"when missionaries go from here do they find fault with the pagan     idols?
i saw many women seventy and even eighty years old mowing     and binding in the fields, and pitchforking the loads into the     wagons."
i was in austria later, and in munich.
in munich i saw gray old womenpushing trucks up hill and down, long distances, trucks laden withbarrels of beer, incredible loads.
in my austrian diary i find this:     "in the fields i often see a woman and a cow harnessed to the plow,     and a man driving.
"in the public street of marienbad to-day, i saw an old, bent,     gray-headed woman, in harness with a dog, drawing a laden sled over     bare dirt roads and bare pavements; and at his ease walked the     driver, smoking his pipe, a hale fellow not thirty years old."
five or six years ago i bought an open boat, made a kind of a canvaswagon-roof over the stern of it to shelter me from sun and rain; hired acourier and a boatman, and made a twelve-day floating voyage down therhone from lake bourget to marseilles.
in my diary of that trip i findthis entry.
i was far down the rhone then:     "passing st. etienne, 2:15 p.m.  on a distant ridge inland, a tall     openwork structure commandingly situated, with a statue of the     virgin standing on it.
a devout country.
all down this river,     wherever there is a crag there is a statue of the virgin on it.
i     believe i have seen a hundred of them.
and yet, in many respects,     the peasantry seem to be mere pagans, and destitute of any     considerable degree of civilization.     "
we reached a not very promising looking village about     4 o'clock, and i concluded to tie up for the day; munching fruit and     fogging the hood with pipe-smoke had grown monotonous; i could not     have the hood furled, because the floods of rain fell unceasingly.
the tavern was on the river bank, as is the custom.
it was dull     there, and melancholy--nothing to do but look out of the window into     the drenching rain, and shiver; one could do that, for it was bleak     and cold and windy, and country france furnishes no fire.
winter     overcoats did not help me much; they had to be supplemented with     rugs.
the raindrops were so large and struck the river with such     force that they knocked up the water like pebble-splashes.
"with the exception of a very occasional woodenshod peasant, nobody     was abroad in this bitter weather--i mean nobody of our sex.
but     all weathers are alike to the women in these continental countries.
to them and the other animals, life is serious; nothing interrupts     their slavery.
three of them were washing clothes in the river     under the window when i arrived, and they continued at it as long as     there was light to work by.
one was apparently thirty; another--the     mother!--above fifty; the third--grandmother!--so old and worn and     gray she could have passed for eighty; i took her to be that old.
they had no waterproofs nor rubbers, of course; over their shoulders     they wore gunnysacks--simply conductors for rivers of water; some of     the volume reached the ground; the rest soaked in on the way.
"at last a vigorous fellow of thirty-five arrived, dry and     comfortable, smoking his pipe under his big umbrella in an open     donkey-cart-husband, son, and grandson of those women!
he stood up     in the cart, sheltering himself, and began to superintend, issuing     his orders in a masterly tone of command, and showing temper when     they were not obeyed swiftly enough.
"without complaint or murmur the drowned women patiently carried out     the orders, lifting the immense baskets of soggy, wrung-out clothing     into the cart and stowing them to the man's satisfaction.
there     were six of the great baskets, and a man of mere ordinary strength     could not have lifted any one of them.
the cart being full now, the     frenchman descended, still sheltered by his umbrella, entered the     tavern, and the women went drooping homeward, trudging in the wake     of the cart, and soon were blended with the deluge and lost to     sight.
"when i went down into the public room, the frenchman had his bottle     of wine and plate of food on a bare table black with grease, and was     'chomping' like a horse.
he had the little religious paper which is     in everybody's hands on the rhone borders, and was enlightening     himself with the histories of french saints who used to flee to the     desert in the middle ages to escape the contamination of woman.
for     two hundred years france has been sending missionaries to other     savage lands.
to spare to the needy from poverty like hers is fine     and true generosity."
but to get back to india--where, as my favorite poem says--              "every prospect pleases,               and only man is vile."
it is because bavaria and austria and france have not introduced theircivilization to him yet.
but bavaria and austria and france are on theirway.
they are coming.
they will rescue him; they will refine thevileness out of him.
some time during the forenoon, approaching the mountains, we changed fromthe regular train to one composed of little canvas-sheltered cars thatskimmed along within a foot of the ground and seemed to be going fiftymiles an hour when they were really making about twenty.
each car hadseating capacity for half-a-dozen persons; and when the curtains were upone was substantially out of doors, and could see everywhere, and get allthe breeze, and be luxuriously comfortable.
it was not a pleasureexcursion in name only, but in fact.
after a while we stopped at a little wooden coop of a station justwithin the curtain of the sombre jungle, a place with a deep and denseforest of great trees and scrub and vines all about it.
the royal bengaltiger is in great force there, and is very bold and unconventional.
fromthis lonely little station a message once went to the railway manager incalcutta: "tiger eating station-master on front porch; telegraphinstructions."
it was there that i had my first tiger hunt.
i killed thirteen.
we werepresently away again, and the train began to climb the mountains.
in oneplace seven wild elephants crossed the track, but two of them got awaybefore i could overtake them.
the railway journey up the mountain isforty miles, and it takes eight hours to make it.
it is so wild andinteresting and exciting and enchanting that it ought to take a week.
asfor the vegetation, it is a museum.
the jungle seemed to contain samplesof every rare and curious tree and bush that we had ever seen or heardof.
it is from that museum, i think, that the globe must have beensupplied with the trees and vines and shrubs that it holds precious.
the road is infinitely and charmingly crooked.
it goes winding in andout under lofty cliffs that are smothered in vines and foliage, andaround the edges of bottomless chasms; and all the way one glides byfiles of picturesque natives, some carrying burdens up, others going downfrom their work in the tea-gardens; and once there was a gaudy weddingprocession, all bright tinsel and color, and a bride, comely and girlish,who peeped out from the curtains of her palanquin, exposing her face withthat pure delight which the young and happy take in sin for sin's ownsake.
by and by we were well up in the region of the clouds, and from thatbreezy height we looked down and afar over a wonderful picture--theplains of india, stretching to the horizon, soft and fair, level as afloor, shimmering with heat, mottled with cloud-shadows, and cloven withshining rivers.
immediately below us, and receding down, down, down,toward the valley, was a shaven confusion of hilltops, with ribbony roadsand paths squirming and snaking cream-yellow all over them and aboutthem, every curve and twist sharply distinct.
at an elevation of 6,000 feet we entered a thick cloud, and it shut outthe world and kept it shut out.
we climbed 1,000 feet higher, then beganto descend, and presently got down to darjeeling, which is 6,000 feetabove the level of the plains.
we had passed many a mountain village on the way up, and seen some newkinds of natives, among them many samples of the fighting ghurkas.
theyare not large men, but they are strong and resolute.
there are no bettersoldiers among britain's native troops.
and we had passed shoals oftheir women climbing the forty miles of steep road from the valley totheir mountain homes, with tall baskets on their backs hitched to theirforeheads by a band, and containing a freightage weighing--i will not sayhow many hundreds of pounds, for the sum is unbelievable.
these wereyoung women, and they strode smartly along under these astonishingburdens with the air of people out for a holiday.
i was told that awoman will carry a piano on her back all the way up the mountain; andthat more than once a woman had done it.
if these were old women ishould regard the ghurkas as no more civilized than the europeans.
at the railway station at darjeeling you find plenty of cab-substitutes--open coffins, in which you sit, and are then borne on men's shouldersupthe steep roads into the town.
up there we found a fairly comfortable hotel, the property of anindiscriminate and incoherent landlord, who looks after nothing, butleaves everything to his army of indian servants.
no, he does look afterthe bill--to be just to him--and the tourist cannot do better than followhis example.
i was told by a resident that the summit of kinchinjunga isoften hidden in the clouds, and that sometimes a tourist has waitedtwenty-two days and then been obliged to go away without a sight of it.
and yet went not disappointed; for when he got his hotel bill herecognized that he was now seeing the highest thing in the himalayas.
but this is probably a lie.
after lecturing i went to the club that night, and that was a comfortableplace.
it is loftily situated, and looks out over a vast spread ofscenery; from it you can see where the boundaries of three countries cometogether, some thirty miles away; thibet is one of them, nepaul another,and i think herzegovina was the other.
apparently, in every town andcity in india the gentlemen of the british civil and military servicehave a club; sometimes it is a palatial one, always it is pleasant andhomelike.
the hotels are not always as good as they might be, and thestranger who has access to the club is grateful for his privilege andknows how to value it.
next day was sunday.
friends came in the gray dawn with horses, and myparty rode away to a distant point where kinchinjunga and mount everestshow up best, but i stayed at home for a private view; for it was verycold, and i was not acquainted with the horses, any way.
i got a pipeand a few blankets and sat for two hours at the window, and saw the sundrive away the veiling gray and touch up the snow-peaks one after anotherwith pale pink splashes and delicate washes of gold, and finally floodthe whole mighty convulsion of snow-mountains with a deluge of richsplendors.
kinchinjunga's peak was but fitfully visible, but in the between times itwas vividly clear against the sky--away up there in the blue dome morethan 28,000 feet above sea level--the loftiest land i had ever seen, by12,000 feet or more.
it was 45 miles away.
mount everest is a thousandfeet higher, but it was not a part of that sea of mountains piled upthere before me, so i did not see it; but i did not care, because i thinkthat mountains that are as high as that are disagreeable.
i changed from the back to the front of the house and spent the rest ofthe morning there, watching the swarthy strange tribes flock by fromtheir far homes in the himalayas.
all ages and both sexes wererepresented, and the breeds were quite new to me, though the costumes ofthe thibetans made them look a good deal like chinamen.
the prayer-wheelwas a frequent feature.
it brought me near to these people, and madethem seem kinfolk of mine.
through our preacher we do much of ourpraying by proxy.
we do not whirl him around a stick, as they do, butthat is merely a detail.
the swarm swung briskly by, hour after hour, astrange and striking pageant.
it was wasted there, and it seemed a pity.
it should have been sent streaming through the cities of europe oramerica, to refresh eyes weary of the pale monotonies of thecircus-pageant.
these people were bound for the bazar, with things tosell.
we went down there, later, and saw that novel congress of the wildpeoples, and plowed here and there through it, and concluded that itwould be worth coming from calcutta to see, even if there were nokinchinjunga and everest.
on monday and tuesday at sunrise we again had fair-to-middling views ofthe stupendous mountains; then, being well cooled off and refreshed, wewere ready to chance the weather of the lower world once more.
we traveled up hill by the regular train five miles to the summit, thenchanged to a little canvas-canopied hand-car for the 35-mile descent.
itwas the size of a sleigh, it had six seats and was so low that it seemedto rest on the ground.
it had no engine or other propelling power, andneeded none to help it fly down those steep inclines.
it only needed astrong brake, to modify its flight, and it had that.
there was a storyof a disastrous trip made down the mountain once in this little car bythe lieutenant-governor of bengal, when the car jumped the track andthrew its passengers over a precipice.
it was not true, but the storyhad value for me, for it made me nervous, and nervousness wakes a personup and makes him alive and alert, and heightens the thrill of a new anddoubtful experience.
the car could really jump the track, of course; apebble on the track, placed there by either accident or malice, at asharp curve where one might strike it before the eye could discover it,could derail the car and fling it down into india; and the fact that thelieutenant-governor had escaped was no proof that i would have the sameluck.
and standing there, looking down upon the indian empire from theairy altitude of 7,000 feet, it seemed unpleasantly far, dangerously far,to be flung from a handcar.
but after all, there was but small danger--for me.
what there was, wasfor mr. pugh, inspector of a division of the indian police, in whosecompany and protection we had come from calcutta.
he had seen longservice as an artillery officer, was less nervous than i was, and so hewas to go ahead of us in a pilot hand-car, with a ghurka and anothernative; and the plan was that when we should see his car jump over aprecipice we must put on our break [sp.]
and send for another pilot.
it was a good arrangement.
also mr. barnard, chief engineer of themountain-division of the road, was to take personal charge of our car,and he had been down the mountain in it many a time.
everything looked safe.
indeed, there was but one questionable detailleft: the regular train was to follow us as soon as we should start, andit might run over us.
privately, i thought it would.
the road fell sharply down in front of us and went corkscrewing in andout around the crags and precipices, down, down, forever down, suggestingnothing so exactly or so uncomfortably as a crooked toboggan slide withno end to it.
mr. pugh waved his flag and started, like an arrow from abow, and before i could get out of the car we were gone too.
i hadpreviously had but one sensation like the shock of that departure, andthat was the gaspy shock that took my breath away the first time that iwas discharged from the summit of a toboggan slide.
but in bothinstances the sensation was pleasurable--intensely so; it was a suddenand immense exaltation, a mixed ecstasy of deadly fright and unimaginablejoy.
i believe that this combination makes the perfection of humandelight.
the pilot car's flight down the mountain suggested the swoop of a swallowthat is skimming the ground, so swiftly and smoothly and gracefully itswept down the long straight reaches and soared in and out of the bendsand around the corners.
we raced after it, and seemed to flash by thecapes and crags with the speed of light; and now and then we almostovertook it--and had hopes; but it was only playing with us; when we gotnear, it released its brake, made a spring around a corner, and the nexttime it spun into view, a few seconds later, it looked as small as awheelbarrow, it was so far away.
we played with the train in the sameway.
we often got out to gather flowers or sit on a precipice and lookat the scenery, then presently we would hear a dull and growing roar, andthe long coils of the train would come into sight behind and above us;but we did not need to start till the locomotive was close down upon us--then we soon left it far behind.
it had to stop at every station,therefore it was not an embarrassment to us.
our brake was a good pieceof machinery; it could bring the car to a standstill on a slope as steepas a house-roof.
the scenery was grand and varied and beautiful, and there was no hurry;we could always stop and examine it.
there was abundance of time.
wedid not need to hamper the train; if it wanted the road, we could switchoff and let it go by, then overtake it and pass it later.
we stopped atone place to see the gladstone cliff, a great crag which the ages and theweather have sculptured into a recognizable portrait of the venerablestatesman.
mr. gladstone is a stockholder in the road, and nature beganthis portrait ten thousand years ago, with the idea of having thecompliment ready in time for the event.
we saw a banyan tree which sent down supporting stems from branches whichwere sixty feet above the ground.
that is, i suppose it was a banyan;its bark resembled that of the great banyan in the botanical gardens atcalcutta, that spider-legged thing with its wilderness of vegetablecolumns.
and there were frequent glimpses of a totally leafless treeupon whose innumerable twigs and branches a cloud of crimson butterflieshad lighted--apparently.
in fact these brilliant red butterflies wereflowers, but the illusion was good.
afterward in south africa, i sawanother splendid effect made by red flowers.
this flower was probablycalled the torch-plant--should have been so named, anyway.
it had aslender stem several feet high, and from its top stood up a single tongueof flame, an intensely red flower of the size and shape of a smallcorn-cob.
the stems stood three or four feet apart all over a greathill-slope that was a mile long, and make one think of what the placede la concorde would be if its myriad lights were red instead of whiteand yellow.
a few miles down the mountain we stopped half an hour to see a thibetandramatic performance.
it was in the open air on the hillside.
theaudience was composed of thibetans, ghurkas, and other unusual people.
the costumes of the actors were in the last degree outlandish, and theperformance was in keeping with the clothes.
to an accompaniment ofbarbarous noises the actors stepped out one after another and began tospin around with immense swiftness and vigor and violence, chanting thewhile, and soon the whole troupe would be spinning and chanting andraising the dust.
they were performing an ancient and celebratedhistorical play, and a chinaman explained it to me in pidjin english asit went along.
the play was obscure enough without the explanation; withthe explanation added, it was (opake).
as a drama this ancienthistorical work of art was defective, i thought, but as a wild andbarbarous spectacle the representation was beyond criticism.
far down the mountain we got out to look at a piece of remarkableloop-engineering--a spiral where the road curves upon itself with suchabruptness that when the regular train came down and entered the loop, westood over it and saw the locomotive disappear under our bridge, then ina few moments appear again, chasing its own tail; and we saw it gain onit, overtake it, draw ahead past the rear cars, and run a race with thatend of the train.
it was like a snake swallowing itself.
half-way down the mountain we stopped about an hour at mr. barnard'shouse for refreshments, and while we were sitting on the veranda lookingat the distant panorama of hills through a gap in the forest, we camevery near seeing a leopard kill a calf.--[it killed it the day before.]
--it is a wild place and lovely.
from the woods all about came the songsof birds,--among them the contributions of a couple of birds which i wasnot then acquainted with: the brain-fever bird and the coppersmith.
thesong of the brain-fever demon starts on a low but steadily rising key,and is a spiral twist which augments in intensity and severity with eachadded spiral, growing sharper and sharper, and more and more painful,more and more agonizing, more and more maddening, intolerable,unendurable, as it bores deeper and deeper and deeper into the listener'sbrain, until at last the brain fever comes as a relief and the man dies.
i am bringing some of these birds home to america.
they will be a greatcuriosity there, and it is believed that in our climate they willmultiply like rabbits.
the coppersmith bird's note at a certain distance away has the ring of asledge on granite; at a certain other distance the hammering has a moremetallic ring, and you might think that the bird was mending a copperkettle; at another distance it has a more woodeny thump, but it is athump that is full of energy, and sounds just like starting a bung.
sohe is a hard bird to name with a single name; he is a stone-breaker,coppersmith, and bung-starter, and even then he is not completely named,for when he is close by you find that there is a soft, deep, melodiousquality in his thump, and for that no satisfying name occurs to you.
youwill not mind his other notes, but when he camps near enough for you tohear that one, you presently find that his measured and monotonousrepetition of it is beginning to disturb you; next it will weary you,soon it will distress you, and before long each thump will hurt yourhead; if this goes on, you will lose your mind with the pain and miseryof it, and go crazy.
i am bringing some of these birds home to america.
there is nothing like them there.
they will be a great surprise, and itis said that in a climate like ours they will surpass expectation forfecundity.
i am bringing some nightingales, too, and some cue-owls.
i got them initaly.
the song of the nightingale is the deadliest known toornithology.
that demoniacal shriek can kill at thirty yards.
the noteof the cue-owl is infinitely soft and sweet--soft and sweet as thewhisper of a flute.
but penetrating--oh, beyond belief; it can borethrough boiler-iron.
it is a lingering note, and comes in triplets, onthe one unchanging key: hoo-o-o, hoo-o-o, hoo-o-o; then a silence offifteen seconds, then the triplet again; and so on, all night.
at firstit is divine; then less so; then trying; then distressing; thenexcruciating; then agonizing, and at the end of two hours the listener isa maniac.
and so, presently we took to the hand-car and went flying down themountain again; flying and stopping, flying and stopping, till at last wewere in the plain once more and stowed for calcutta in the regular train.
that was the most enjoyable day i have spent in the earth.
for rousing,tingling, rapturous pleasure there is no holiday trip that approaches thebird-flight down the himalayas in a hand-car.
it has no fault, noblemish, no lack, except that there are only thirty-five miles of itinstead of five hundred.
so far as i am able to judge, nothing has been left undone, either by manor nature, to make india the most extraordinary country that the sunvisits on his round.
nothing seems to have been forgotten, nothing overlooked.
always, when you think you have come to the end of hertremendous specialties and have finished hanging tags upon her as theland of the thug, the land of the plague, the land of famine, the land ofgiant illusions, the land of stupendous mountains, and so forth, anotherspecialty crops up and another tag is required.
i have been overlookingthe fact that india is by an unapproachable supremacy--the land ofmurderous wild creatures.
perhaps it will be simplest to throw away thetags and generalize her with one all-comprehensive name, as the land ofwonders.
for many years the british indian government has been trying to destroythe murderous wild creatures, and has spent a great deal of money in theeffort.
the annual official returns show that the undertaking is adifficult one.
these returns exhibit a curious annual uniformity in results; the sort ofuniformity which you find in the annual output of suicides in the world'scapitals, and the proportions of deaths by this, that, and the otherdisease.
you can always come close to foretelling how many suicides willoccur in paris, london, and new york, next year, and also how many deathswill result from cancer, consumption, dog-bite, falling out of thewindow, getting run over by cabs, etc., if you know the statistics ofthose matters for the present year.
in the same way, with one year'sindian statistics before you, you can guess closely at how many peoplewere killed in that empire by tigers during the previous year, and theyear before that, and the year before that, and at how many were killedin each of those years by bears, how many by wolves, and how many bysnakes; and you can also guess closely at how many people are going to bekilled each year for the coming five years by each of those agencies.
you can also guess closely at how many of each agency the government isgoing to kill each year for the next five years.
i have before me statistics covering a period of six consecutive years.
by these, i know that in india the tiger kills something over 800 personsevery year, and that the government responds by killing about double asmany tigers every year.
in four of the six years referred to, the tigergot 800 odd; in one of the remaining two years he got only 700, but inthe other remaining year he made his average good by scoring 917.  he isalways sure of his average.
anyone who bets that the tiger will kill2,400 people in india in any three consecutive years has invested hismoney in a certainty; anyone who bets that he will kill 2,600 in anythree consecutive years, is absolutely sure to lose.
as strikingly uniform as are the statistics of suicide, they are not anymore so than are those of the tiger's annual output of slaughtered humanbeings in india.
the government's work is quite uniform, too; it aboutdoubles the tiger's average.
in six years the tiger killed 5,000persons, minus 50; in the same six years 10,000 tigers were killed, minus400.the wolf kills nearly as many people as the tiger--700 a year to thetiger's 800 odd--but while he is doing it, more than 5,000 of his tribefall.
the leopard kills an average of 230 people per year, but loses 3,300 ofhis own mess while he is doing it.
the bear kills 100 people per year at a cost of 1,250 of his own tribe.
the tiger, as the figures show, makes a very handsome fight against man.
but it is nothing to the elephant's fight.
the king of beasts, the lordof the jungle, loses four of his mess per year, but he kills forty--fivepersons to make up for it.
but when it comes to killing cattle, the lord of the jungle is notinterested.
he kills but 100 in six years--horses of hunters, no doubt--but in the same six the tiger kills more than 84,000, the leopard100,000, the bear 4,000, the wolf 70,000, the hyena more than 13,000,other wild beasts 27,000, and the snakes 19,000, a grand total of morethan 300,000; an average of 50,000 head per year.
in response, the government kills, in the six years, a total of 3,201,232wild beasts and snakes.
ten for one.
it will be perceived that the snakes are not much interested in cattle;they kill only 3,000 odd per year.
the snakes are much more interestedin man.
india swarms with deadly snakes.
at the head of the list is thecobra, the deadliest known to the world, a snake whose bite kills wherethe rattlesnake's bite merely entertains.
in india, the annual man-killings by snakes are as uniform, as regular,and as forecastable as are the tiger-average and the suicide-average.
anyone who bets that in india, in any three consecutive years the snakeswill kill 49,500 persons, will win his bet; and anyone who bets that inindia in any three consecutive years, the snakes will kill 53,500persons, will lose his bet.
in india the snakes kill 17,000 people ayear; they hardly ever fall short of it; they as seldom exceed it.
aninsurance actuary could take the indian census tables and thegovernment's snake tables and tell you within sixpence how much it wouldbe worth to insure a man against death by snake-bite there.
if i had adollar for every person killed per year in india, i would rather have itthan any other property, as it is the only property in the world notsubject to shrinkage.
i should like to have a royalty on the government-end of the snakebusiness, too, and am in london now trying to get it; but when i get itit is not going to be as regular an income as the other will be if i getthat; i have applied for it.
the snakes transact their end of thebusiness in a more orderly and systematic way than the governmenttransacts its end of it, because the snakes have had a long experienceand know all about the traffic.
you can make sure that the governmentwill never kill fewer than 110,000 snakes in a year, and that it willnewer quite reach 300,000--too much room for oscillation; goodspeculative stock, to bear or bull, and buy and sell long and short, andall that kind of thing, but not eligible for investment like the other.
the man that speculates in the government's snake crop wants to gocarefully.
i would not advise a man to buy a single crop at all--i meana crop of futures for the possible wobble is something quiteextraordinary.
if he can buy six future crops in a bunch, seller todeliver 1,500,000 altogether, that is another matter.
i do not know whatsnakes are worth now, but i know what they would be worth then, for thestatistics show that the seller could not come within 427,000 of carryingout his contract.
however, i think that a person who speculates insnakes is a fool, anyway.
he always regrets it afterwards.
to finish the statistics.
in six years the wild beasts kill 20,000persons, and the snakes kill 103,000.  in the same six the governmentkills 1,073,546 snakes.
there are narrow escapes in india.
in the very jungle where i killedsixteen tigers and all those elephants, a cobra bit me but it got well;everyone was surprised.
this could not happen twice in ten years,perhaps.
usually death would result in fifteen minutes.
we struck out westward or northwestward from calcutta on an itinerary ofa zig-zag sort, which would in the course of time carry us across indiato its northwestern corner and the border of afghanistan.
the first partof the trip carried us through a great region which was an endlessgarden--miles and miles of the beautiful flower from whose juices comesthe opium, and at muzaffurpore we were in the midst of the indigoculture; thence by a branch road to the ganges at a point near dinapore,and by a train which would have missed the connection by a week but forthe thoughtfulness of some british officers who were along, and who knewthe ways of trains that are run by natives without white supervision.
this train stopped at every village; for no purpose connected withbusiness, apparently.
we put out nothing, we took nothing aboard.
thetrain bands stepped ashore and gossiped with friends a quarter of anhour, then pulled out and repeated this at the succeeding villages.
wehad thirty-five miles to go and six hours to do it in, but it was plainthat we were not going to make it.
it was then that the english officerssaid it was now necessary to turn this gravel train into an express.
sothey gave the engine-driver a rupee and told him to fly.
it was a simpleremedy.
after that we made ninety miles an hour.
we crossed the gangesjust at dawn, made our connection, and went to benares, where we stayedtwenty-four hours and inspected that strange and fascinating piety-hiveagain; then left for lucknow, a city which is perhaps the mostconspicuous of the many monuments of british fortitude and valor that arescattered about the earth.
the heat was pitiless, the flat plains were destitute of grass, and bakeddry by the sun they were the color of pale dust, which was flying inclouds.
but it was much hotter than this when the relieving forcesmarched to lucknow in the time of the mutiny.
those were the days of 138deg.
in the shade.
it seems to be settled, now, that among the many causes from which thegreat mutiny sprang, the main one was the annexation of the kingdom ofoudh by the east india company--characterized by sir henry lawrence as"the most unrighteous act that was ever committed."
in the spring of1857, a mutinous spirit was observable in many of the native garrisons,and it grew day by day and spread wider and wider.
the younger militarymen saw something very serious in it, and would have liked to take holdof it vigorously and stamp it out promptly; but they were not inauthority.
old men were in the high places of the army--men who shouldhave been retired long before, because of their great age--and theyregarded the matter as a thing of no consequence.
they loved theirnative soldiers, and would not believe that anything could move them torevolt.
everywhere these obstinate veterans listened serenely to therumbling of the volcanoes under them, and said it was nothing.
and so the propagators of mutiny had everything their own way.
theymoved from camp to camp undisturbed, and painted to the native soldierthe wrongs his people were suffering at the hands of the english, andmade his heart burn for revenge.
they were able to point to two facts offormidable value as backers of their persuasions: in clive's day, nativearmies were incoherent mobs, and without effective arms; therefore, theywere weak against clive's organized handful of well-armed men, but thething was the other way, now.
the british forces were native; they hadbeen trained by the british, organized by the british, armed by thebritish, all the power was in their hands--they were a club made bybritish hands to beat out british brains with.
there was nothing tooppose their mass, nothing but a few weak battalions of british soldiersscattered about india, a force not worth speaking of.
this argument,taken alone, might not have succeeded, for the bravest and best indiantroops had a wholesome dread of the white soldier, whether he was weak orstrong; but the agitators backed it with their second and best point--prophecy--a prophecy a hundred years old.
the indian is open to prophecyat all times; argument may fail to convince him, but not prophecy.
therewas a prophecy that a hundred years from the year of that battle ofclive's which founded the british indian empire, the british power wouldbe overthrown and swept away by the natives.
the mutiny broke out at meerut on the 10th of may, 1857, and fired atrain of tremendous historical explosions.
nana sahib's massacre of thesurrendered garrison of cawnpore occurred in june, and the long siege oflucknow began.
the military history of england is old and great, but ithink it must be granted that the crushing of the mutiny is the greatestchapter in it.
the british were caught asleep and unprepared.
they werea few thousands, swallowed up in an ocean of hostile populations.
itwould take months to inform england and get help, but they did not falteror stop to count the odds, but with english resolution and englishdevotion they took up their task, and went stubbornly on with it, throughgood fortune and bad, and fought the most unpromising fight that one mayread of in fiction or out of it, and won it thoroughly.
the mutiny broke out so suddenly, and spread with such rapidity thatthere was but little time for occupants of weak outlying stations toescape to places of safety.
attempts were made, of course, but they wereattended by hardships as bitter as death in the few cases which weresuccessful; for the heat ranged between 120 and 138 in the shade; the wayled through hostile peoples, and food and water were hardly to be had.
for ladies and children accustomed to ease and comfort and plenty, such ajourney must have been a cruel experience.
sir g. o.  trevelyan quotesan example:     "this is what befell mrs. m----, the wife of the surgeon at a     certain station on the southern confines of the insurrection.
'i     heard,' she says, 'a number of shots fired, and, looking out, i saw     my husband driving furiously from the mess-house, waving his whip.
i ran to him, and, seeing a bearer with my child in his arms, i     caught her up, and got into the buggy.
at the mess-house we found     all the officers assembled, together with sixty sepoys, who had     remained faithful.
we went off in one large party, amidst a general     conflagration of our late homes.
we reached the caravanserai at     chattapore the next morning, and thence started for callinger.
at     this point our sepoy escort deserted us.
we were fired upon by     match-lockmen, and one officer was shot dead.
we heard, likewise,     that the people had risen at callinger, so we returned and walked     back ten miles that day.
m---- and i carried the child alternately.
presently mrs. smalley died of sunstroke.
we had no food amongst     us.
an officer kindly lent us a horse.
we were very faint.
the     major died, and was buried; also the sergeant-major and some women.
the bandsmen left us on the nineteenth of june.
we were fired at     again by match-lockmen, and changed direction for allahabad.
our     party consisted of nine gentlemen, two children, the sergeant and     his wife.
on the morning of the twentieth, captain scott took     lottie on to his horse.
i was riding behind my husband, and she was     so crushed between us.
she was two years old on the first of the     month.
we were both weak through want of food and the effect of the     sun.
lottie and i had no head covering.
m---- had a sepoy's cap i     found on the ground.
soon after sunrise we were followed by     villagers armed with clubs and spears.
one of them struck captain     scott's horse on the leg.
he galloped off with lottie, and my poor     husband never saw his child again.
we rode on several miles,     keeping away from villages, and then crossed the river.
our thirst     was extreme.
m---- had dreadful cramps, so that i had to hold him     on the horse.
i was very uneasy about him.
the day before i saw     the drummer's wife eating chupatties, and asked her to give a piece     to the child, which she did.
i now saw water in a ravine.
the     descent was steep, and our only drinking-vessel was m----'s cap.
our horse got water, and i bathed my neck.
i had no stockings, and     my feet were torn and blistered.
two peasants came in sight, and we     were frightened and rode off.
the sergeant held our horse, and     m---- put me up and mounted.
i think he must have got suddenlyfaint for i fell and he over me, on the road, when the horse started off.
some time before he said, and barber, too, that he could not live     many hours.
i felt he was dying before we came to the ravine.
he     told me his wishes about his children and myself, and took leave.
my brain seemed burnt up.
no tears came.
as soon as we fell, the     sergeant let go the horse, and it went off; so that escape was cut     off.
we sat down on the ground waiting for death.
he     was very weak; his thirst was frightful, and i went to get him     water.
some villagers came, and took my rupees and watch.
i took     off my wedding-ring, and twisted it in my hair, and replaced the     guard.
i tore off the skirt of my dress to bring water in, but was     no use, for when i returned my beloved's eyes were fixed, and,     though i called and tried to restore him, and poured water into his     mouth, it only rattled in his throat.
he never spoke to me again.
i held him in my arms till he sank gradually down.
i felt frantic,     but could not cry.
i was alone.
i bound his head and face in my     dress, for there was no earth to bury him.
the pain in my hands and     feet was dreadful.
i went down to the ravine, and sat in the water     on a stone, hoping to get off at night and look for lottie.
when i     came back from the water, i saw that they had not taken her little     watch, chain, and seals, so i tied them under my petticoat.
in an     hour, about thirty villagers came, they dragged me out of the     ravine, and took off my jacket, and found the little chain.
they     then dragged me to a village, mocking me all the way, and disputing     as to whom i was to belong to.
the whole population came to look at     me.
i asked for a bedstead, and lay down outside the door of a hut.
they had a dozen of cows, and yet refused me milk.
when night came,     and the village was quiet, some old woman brought me a leafful of     rice.
i was too parched to eat, and they gave me water.
the     morning after a neighboring rajah sent a palanquin and a horseman to     fetch me, who told me that a little child and three sahibs had come     to his master's house.
and so the poor mother found her lost one,     'greatly blistered,' poor little creature.
it is not for europeans     in india to pray that their flight be not in the winter."
in the first days of june the aged general, sir hugh wheeler commandingthe forces at cawnpore, was deserted by his native troops; then he movedout of the fort and into an exposed patch of open flat ground and built afour-foot mud wall around it.
he had with him a few hundred whitesoldiers and officers, and apparently more women and children thansoldiers.
he was short of provisions, short of arms, short ofammunition, short of military wisdom, short of everything but courage anddevotion to duty.
the defense of that open lot through twenty-one daysand nights of hunger, thirst, indian heat, and a never-ceasing storm ofbullets, bombs, and cannon-balls--a defense conducted, not by the agedand infirm general, but by a young officer named moore--is one of themost heroic episodes in history.
when at last the nana found itimpossible to conquer these starving men and women with powder and ball,he resorted to treachery, and that succeeded.
he agreed to supply themwith food and send them to allahabad in boats.
their mud wall and theirbarracks were in ruins, their provisions were at the point of exhaustion,they had done all that the brave could do, they had conquered anhonorable compromise,--their forces had been fearfully reduced bycasualties and by disease, they were not able to continue the contestlonger.
they came forth helpless but suspecting no treachery, the nana'shost closed around them, and at a signal from a trumpet the massacrebegan.
about two hundred women and children were spared--for thepresent--but all the men except three or four were killed.
among theincidents of the massacre quoted by sir g. o. trevelyan, is this:     "when, after the lapse of some twenty minutes, the dead began to     outnumber the living;--when the fire slackened, as the marks grew     few and far between; then the troopers who had been drawn up to the     right of the temple plunged into the river, sabre between teeth, and     pistol in hand.
thereupon two half-caste christian women, the wives     of musicians in the band of the fifty-sixth, witnessed a scene which     should not be related at second-hand.
'in the boat where i was to     have gone,' says mrs. bradshaw, confirmed throughout by mrs. setts,     'was the school-mistress and twenty-two misses.
general wheeler     came last in a palkee.
they carried him into the water near the     boat.
i stood close by.
he said, 'carry me a little further     towards the boat.'
but a trooper said, 'no, get out here.'
as the     general got out of the palkee, head-foremost, the trooper gave him a     cut with his sword into the neck, and he fell into the water.
my     son was killed near him.
i saw it; alas!
some were stabbed     with bayonets; others cut down.
little infants were torn in pieces.
we saw it; we did; and tell you only what we saw.
other children     were stabbed and thrown into the river.
the schoolgirls were burnt     to death.
i saw their clothes and hair catch fire.
in the water, a     few paces off, by the next boat, we saw the youngest daughter of     colonel williams.
a sepoy was going to kill her with his bayonet.
she said, 'my father was always kind to sepoys.'
he turned away,     and just then a villager struck her on the head with a club, and she     fell into the water.
these people likewise saw good mr. moncrieff,     the clergyman, take a book from his pocket that he never had leisure     to open, and heard him commence a prayer for mercy which he was not     permitted to conclude.
another deponent observed an european making     for a drain like a scared water-rat, when some boatmen, armed with     cudgels, cut off his retreat, and beat him down dead into the mud."
the women and children who had been reserved from the massacre wereimprisoned during a fortnight in a small building, one story high--acramped place, a slightly modified black hole of calcutta.
they werewaiting in suspense; there was none who could forecast their fate.
meantime the news of the massacre had traveled far and an army ofrescuers with havelock at its head was on its way--at least an army whichhoped to be rescuers.
it was crossing the country by forced marches, andstrewing its way with its own dead--men struck down by cholera, and by aheat which reached 135 deg.
it was in a vengeful fury, and it stoppedfor nothing--neither heat, nor fatigue, nor disease, nor humanopposition.
it tore its impetuous way through hostile forces, winning victory aftervictory, but still striding on and on, not halting to count results.
andat last, after this extraordinary march, it arrived before the walls ofcawnpore, met the nana's massed strength, delivered a crushing defeat,and entered.
but too late--only a few hours too late.
for at the last moment the nanahad decided upon the massacre of the captive women and children, and hadcommissioned three mohammedans and two hindoos to do the work.
sir g.o. trevelyan says:     "thereupon the five men entered.
it was the short gloaming of     hindostan--the hour when ladies take their evening drive.
she who     had accosted the officer was standing in the doorway.
with her were     the native doctor and two hindoo menials.
that much of the business     might be seen from the veranda, but all else was concealed amidst     the interior gloom.
shrieks and scuffling acquainted those without     that the journeymen were earning their hire.
survur khan soon     emerged with his sword broken off at the hilt.
he procured another     from the nana's house, and a few minutes after appeared again on the     same errand.
the third blade was of better temper; or perhaps the     thick of the work was already over.
by the time darkness had closed     in, the men came forth and locked up the house for the night.
then     the screams ceased, but the groans lasted till morning.
"the sun rose as usual.
when he had been up nearly three hours the     five repaired to the scene of their labors over night.
they were     attended by a few sweepers, who proceeded to transfer the contents     of the house to a dry well situated behind some trees which grew     hard by.
'the bodies,' says one who was present throughout, 'were     dragged out, most of them by the hair of the head.
those who had     clothing worth taking were stripped.
some of the women were alive.
i cannot say how many; but three could speak.
they prayed for the     sake of god that an end might be put to their sufferings.
i     remarked one very stout woman, a half-caste, who was severely     wounded in both arms, who entreated to be killed.
she and two or     three others were placed against the bank of the cut by which     bullocks go down in drawing water.
the dead were first thrown in.
yes: there was a great crowd looking on; they were standing along     the walls of the compound.
they were principally city people and     villagers.
yes: there were also sepoys.
three boys were alive.
they were fair children.
the eldest, i think, must have been six or     seven, and the youngest five years.
they were running around the     well (where else could they go to?
), and there was none to save     them.
no: none said a word or tried to save them.'
"at length the smallest of them made an infantile attempt to get     away.
the little thing had been frightened past bearing by the     murder of one of the surviving ladies.
he thus attracted the     observation of a native who flung him and his companions down the     well."
the soldiers had made a march of eighteen days, almost without rest, tosave the women and the children, and now they were too late--all weredead and the assassin had flown.
what happened then, trevelyan hesitatedto put into words.
"of what took place, the less said is the better."
then he continues:     "but there was a spectacle to witness which might excuse much.
those who, straight from the contested field, wandered sobbing     through the rooms of the ladies' house, saw what it were well could     the outraged earth have straightway hidden.
the inner apartment was     ankle-deep in blood.
the plaster was scored with sword-cuts; not     high up as where men have fought, but low down, and about the     corners, as if a creature had crouched to avoid the blow.
strips of     dresses, vainly tied around the handles of the doors, signified the     contrivance to which feminine despair had resorted as a means of     keeping out the murderers.
broken combs were there, and the frills     of children's trousers, and torn cuffs and pinafores, and little     round hats, and one or two shoes with burst latchets, and one or two     daguerreotype cases with cracked glasses.
an officer picked up a     few curls, preserved in a bit of cardboard, and marked 'ned's hair,     with love'; but around were strewn locks, some near a yard in     length, dissevered, not as a keepsake, by quite other scissors."
the battle of waterloo was fought on the 18th of june, 1815.  i do notstate this fact as a reminder to the reader, but as news to him.
for aforgotten fact is news when it comes again.
writers of books have thefashion of whizzing by vast and renowned historical events with theremark, "the details of this tremendous episode are too familiar to thereader to need repeating here."
they know that that is not true.
it isa low kind of flattery.
they know that the reader has forgotten everydetail of it, and that nothing of the tremendous event is left in hismind but a vague and formless luminous smudge.
aside from the desire toflatter the reader, they have another reason for making the remark-tworeasons, indeed.
they do not remember the details themselves, and do notwant the trouble of hunting them up and copying them out; also, they areafraid that if they search them out and print them they will be scoffedat by the book-reviewers for retelling those worn old things which arefamiliar to everybody.
they should not mind the reviewer's jeer; hedoesn't remember any of the worn old things until the book which he isreviewing has retold them to him.
i have made the quoted remark myself, at one time and another, but i wasnot doing it to flatter the reader; i was merely doing it to save work.
if i had known the details without brushing up, i would have put them in;but i didn't, and i did not want the labor of posting myself; so i said,"the details of this tremendous episode are too familiar to the reader toneed repeating here."
i do not like that kind of a lie; still, it doessave work.
i am not trying to get out of repeating the details of the siege oflucknow in fear of the reviewer; i am not leaving them out in fear thatthey would not interest the reader; i am leaving them out partly to savework; mainly for lack of room.
it is a pity, too; for there is not adull place anywhere in the great story.
ten days before the outbreak (may 10th) of the mutiny, all was serene atlucknow, the huge capital of oudh, the kingdom which had recently beenseized by the india company.
there was a great garrison, composed ofabout 7,000 native troops and between 700 and 800 whites.
these whitesoldiers and their families were probably the only people of their racethere; at their elbow was that swarming population of warlike natives, arace of born soldiers, brave, daring, and fond of fighting.
on highground just outside the city stood the palace of that great personage,the resident, the representative of british power and authority.
itstood in the midst of spacious grounds, with its due complement ofoutbuildings, and the grounds were enclosed by a wall--a wall not fordefense, but for privacy.
the mutinous spirit was in the air, but thewhites were not afraid, and did not feel much troubled.
then came the outbreak at meerut, then the capture of delhi by themutineers; in june came the three-weeks leaguer of sir hugh wheeler inhis open lot at cawnpore--40 miles distant from lucknow--then thetreacherous massacre of that gallant little garrison; and now the greatrevolt was in full flower, and the comfortable condition of things atlucknow was instantly changed.
there was an outbreak there, and sir henry lawrence marched out of theresidency on the 30th of june to put it down, but was defeated with heavyloss, and had difficulty in getting back again.
that night the memorablesiege of the residency--called the siege of lucknow--began.
sir henrywas killed three days later, and brigadier inglis succeeded him incommand.
outside of the residency fence was an immense host of hostile andconfident native besiegers; inside it were 480 loyal native soldiers, 730white ones, and 500 women and children.
in those days the english garrisons always managed to hamper themselvessufficiently with women and children.
the natives established themselves in houses close at hand and began torain bullets and cannon-balls into the residency; and this they kept up,night and day, during four months and a half, the little garrisonindustriously replying all the time.
the women and children soon becameso used to the roar of the guns that it ceased to disturb their sleep.
the children imitated siege and defense in their play.
the women--withany pretext, or with none--would sally out into the storm-swept grounds.
the defense was kept up week after week, with stubborn fortitude, in themidst of death, which came in many forms--by bullet, small-pox, cholera,and by various diseases induced by unpalatable and insufficient food, bythe long hours of wearying and exhausting overwork in the daily andnightly battle in the oppressive indian heat, and by the broken restcaused by the intolerable pest of mosquitoes, flies, mice, rats, andfleas.
six weeks after the beginning of the siege more than one-half of theoriginal force of white soldiers was dead, and close upon three-fifths ofthe original native force.
but the fighting went on just the same.
the enemy mined, the englishcounter-mined, and, turn about, they blew up each other's posts.
theresidency grounds were honey-combed with the enemy's tunnels.
deadlycourtesies were constantly exchanged--sorties by the english in thenight; rushes by the enemy in the night--rushes whose purpose was tobreach the walls or scale them; rushes which cost heavily, and alwaysfailed.
the ladies got used to all the horrors of war--the shrieks of mutilatedmen, the sight of blood and death.
lady inglis makes this mention in herdiary:     "mrs. bruere's nurse was carried past our door to-day, wounded in     the eye.
to extract the bullet it was found necessary to take out     the eye--a fearful operation.
her mistress held her while it was     performed."
the first relieving force failed to relieve.
it was under havelock andoutram; and arrived when the siege had been going on for three months.
it fought its desperate way to lucknow, then fought its way through thecity against odds of a hundred to one, and entered the residency; butthere was not enough left of it, then, to do any good.
it lost more menin its last fight than it found in the residency when it got in.
itbecame captive itself.
the fighting and starving and dying by bullets and disease went steadilyon.
both sides fought with energy and industry.
captain birch puts thisstriking incident in evidence.
he is speaking of the third month of thesiege:     "as an instance of the heavy firing brought to bear on our position     this month may be mentioned the cutting down of the upper story of a     brick building simply by musketry firing.
this building was in a     most exposed position.
all the shots which just missed the top of     the rampart cut into the dead wall pretty much in a straight line,     and at length cut right through and brought the upper story tumbling     down.
the upper structure on the top of the brigade-mess also fell     in.
the residency house was a wreck.
captain anderson's post had     long ago been knocked down, and innes' post also fell in.
these two     were riddled with round shot.
as many as 200 were picked up by     colonel masters."
the exhausted garrison fought doggedly on all through the next month--october.
then, november 2d, news came sir colin campbell's relievingforce would soon be on its way from cawnpore.
on the 12th the boom of his guns was heard.
on the 13th the sounds came nearer--he was slowly, but steadily, cuttinghis way through, storming one stronghold after another.
on the 14th he captured the martiniere college, and ran up the britishflag there.
it was seen from the residency.
next he took the dilkoosha.
on the 17th he took the former mess-house of the 32d regiment--afortified building, and very strong.
"a most exciting, anxious day,"writes lady inglis in her diary.
"about 4 p.m., two strange officerswalked through our yard, leading their horses"--and by that sign she knewthat communication was established between the forces, that the reliefwas real, this time, and that the long siege of lucknow was ended.
the last eight or ten miles of sir colin campbell's march was throughseas of blood.
the weapon mainly used was the bayonet, the fighting wasdesperate.
the way was mile-stoned with detached strong buildings ofstone, fortified, and heavily garrisoned, and these had to be taken byassault.
neither side asked for quarter, and neither gave it.
at thesecundrabagh, where nearly two thousand of the enemy occupied a greatstone house in a garden, the work of slaughter was continued until everyman was killed.
that is a sample of the character of that devastatingmarch.
there were but few trees in the plain at that time, and from theresidency the progress of the march, step by step, victory by victory,could be noted; the ascending clouds of battle-smoke marked the way tothe eye, and the thunder of the guns marked it to the ear.
sir colin campbell had not come to lucknow to hold it, but to save theoccupants of the residency, and bring them away.
four or five days afterhis arrival the secret evacuation by the troops took place, in the middleof a dark night, by the principal gate, (the bailie guard).
the twohundred women and two hundred and fifty children had been previouslyremoved.
captain birch says:     "and now commenced a movement of the most perfect arrangement and     successful generalship--the withdrawal of the whole of the various     forces, a combined movement requiring the greatest care and skill.
first, the garrison in immediate contact with the enemy at the     furthest extremity of the residency position was marched out.
every     other garrison in turn fell in behind it, and so passed out through     the bailie guard gate, till the whole of our position was evacuated.
then havelock's force was similarly withdrawn, post by post,     marching in rear of our garrison.
after them in turn came the     forces of the commander-in-chief, which joined on in the rear of     havelock's force.
regiment by regiment was withdrawn with the     utmost order and regularity.
the whole operation resembled the     movement of a telescope.
stern silence was kept, and the enemy took     no alarm."
lady inglis, referring to her husband and to general sir james outram,sets down the closing detail of this impressive midnight retreat, indarkness and by stealth, of this shadowy host through the gate which ithad defended so long and so well:     "at twelve precisely they marched out, john and sir james outram     remaining till all had passed, and then they took off their hats to     the bailie guard, the scene of as noble a defense as i think history     will ever have to relate."
often, the surest way to convey misinformation is to tell the stricttruth.
--pudd'nhead wilson's new calendar.
we were driven over sir colin campbell's route by a british officer, andwhen i arrived at the residency i was so familiar with the road that icould have led a retreat over it myself; but the compass in my head hasbeen out of order from my birth, and so, as soon as i was within thebattered bailie guard and turned about to review the march and imaginethe relieving forces storming their way along it, everything was upsidedown and wrong end first in a moment, and i was never able to getstraightened out again.
and now, when i look at the battle-plan, theconfusion remains.
in me the east was born west, the battle-plans whichhave the east on the right-hand side are of no use to me.
the residency ruins are draped with flowering vines, and are impressiveand beautiful.
they and the grounds are sacred now, and will suffer noneglect nor be profaned by any sordid or commercial use while the britishremain masters of india.
within the grounds are buried the dead who gaveup their lives there in the long siege.
after a fashion, i was able to imagine the fiery storm that raged nightand day over the place during so many months, and after a fashion i couldimagine the men moving through it, but i could not satisfactorily placethe 200 women, and i could do nothing at all with the 250 children.
iknew by lady inglis' diary that the children carried on their smallaffairs very much as if blood and carnage and the crash and thunder of asiege were natural and proper features of nursery life, and i tried torealize it; but when her little johnny came rushing, all excitement,through the din and smoke, shouting, "oh, mamma, the white hen has laidan egg!"
i saw that i could not do it.
johnny's place was under thebed.
i could imagine him there, because i could imagine myself there;and i think i should not have been interested in a hen that was laying anegg; my interest would have been with the parties that were laying thebombshells.
i sat at dinner with one of those children in the club'sindian palace, and i knew that all through the siege he was perfectinghis teething and learning to talk; and while to me he was the mostimpressive object in lucknow after the residency ruins, i was not able toimagine what his life had been during that tempestuous infancy of his,nor what sort of a curious surprise it must have been to him to bemarched suddenly out into a strange dumb world where there wasn't anynoise, and nothing going on.
he was only forty-one when i saw him, astrangely youthful link to connect the present with so ancient an episodeas the great mutiny.
by and by we saw cawnpore, and the open lot which was the scene ofmoore's memorable defense, and the spot on the shore of the ganges wherethe massacre of the betrayed garrison occurred, and the small indiantemple whence the bugle-signal notified the assassins to fall on.
thislatter was a lonely spot, and silent.
the sluggish river drifted by,almost currentless.
it was dead low water, narrow channels with vastsandbars between, all the way across the wide bed; and the only livingthing in sight was that grotesque and solemn bald-headed bird, theadjutant, standing on his six-foot stilts, solitary on a distant bar,with his head sunk between his shoulders, thinking; thinking of hisprize, i suppose--the dead hindoo that lay awash at his feet, and whetherto eat him alone or invite friends.
he and his prey were a proper accentto that mournful place.
they were in keeping with it, they emphasizedits loneliness and its solemnity.
and we saw the scene of the slaughter of the helpless women and children,and also the costly memorial that is built over the well which containstheir remains.
the black hole of calcutta is gone, but a more reverentage is come, and whatever remembrancer still exists of the moving andheroic sufferings and achievements of the garrisons of lucknow andcawnpore will be guarded and preserved.
in agra and its neighborhood, and afterwards at delhi, we saw forts,mosques, and tombs, which were built in the great days of the mohammedanemperors, and which are marvels of cost, magnitude, and richness ofmaterials and ornamentation, creations of surpassing grandeur, wonderswhich do indeed make the like things in the rest of the world seem tameand inconsequential by comparison.
i am not purposing to describe them.
by good fortune i had not read too much about them, and therefore wasable to get a natural and rational focus upon them, with the result thatthey thrilled, blessed, and exalted me.
but if i had previouslyoverheated my imagination by drinking too much pestilential literary hotscotch, i should have suffered disappointment and sorrow.
i mean to speak of only one of these many world-renowned buildings, thetaj mahal, the most celebrated construction in the earth.
i had read agreat deal too much about it.
i saw it in the daytime, i saw it in themoonlight, i saw it near at hand, i saw it from a distance; and i knewall the time, that of its kind it was the wonder of the world, with nocompetitor now and no possible future competitor; and yet, it was not mytaj.
my taj had been built by excitable literary people; it was solidlylodged in my head, and i could not blast it out.
i wish to place before the reader some of the usual descriptions of thetaj, and ask him to take note of the impressions left in his mind.
thesedescriptions do really state the truth--as nearly as the limitations oflanguage will allow.
but language is a treacherous thing, a most unsurevehicle, and it can seldom arrange descriptive words in such a way thatthey will not inflate the facts--by help of the reader's imagination,which is always ready to take a hand, and work for nothing, and do thebulk of it at that.
i will begin with a few sentences from the excellent little localguide-book of mr. satya chandra mukerji.
i take them from here and therein his description:     "the inlaid work of the taj and the flowers and petals that are to     be found on all sides on the surface of the marble evince a most     delicate touch."
that is true.
"the inlaid work, the marble, the flowers, the buds, the leaves, the     petals, and the lotus stems are almost without a rival in the whole     of the civilized world."
"the work of inlaying with stones and gems is found in the highest     perfection in the taj."
gems, inlaid flowers, buds, and leaves to be found on all sides.
what doyou see before you?
is the fairy structure growing?
is it becoming ajewel casket?
"the whole of the taj produces a wonderful effect that is equally     sublime and beautiful."
then sir william wilson hunter:     "the taj mahal with its beautiful domes, 'a dream of marble,' rises     on the river bank."
"the materials are white marble and red sandstone."
"the complexity of its design and the delicate intricacy of the     workmanship baffle description."
sir william continues.
i will italicize some of his words:     "the mausoleum stands on a raised marble platform at each of whose     corners rises a tall and slender minaret of graceful proportions and     of exquisite beauty.
beyond the platform stretch the two wings, one     of which is itself a mosque of great architectural merit.
in the     center of the whole design the mausoleum occupies a square of 186     feet, with the angles deeply truncated so as to form an unequal     octagon.
the main feature in this central pile is the great dome,     which swells upward to nearly two-thirds of a sphere and tapers at     its extremity into a pointed spire crowned by a crescent.
beneath     it an enclosure of marble trellis-work surrounds the tomb of the     princess and of her husband, the emperor.
each corner of the     mausoleum is covered by a similar though much smaller dome erected     on a pediment pierced with graceful saracenic arches.
light is     admitted into the interior through a double screen of pierced     marble, which tempers the glare of an indian sky while its whiteness     prevents the mellow effect from degenerating into gloom.
the     internal decorations consist of inlaid work in precious stones, such     as agate, jasper, etc., with which every squandril or salient point     in the architecture is richly fretted.
brown and violet marble is     also freely employed in wreaths, scrolls, and lintels to relieve the     monotony of white wall.
in regard to color and design, the interior     of the taj may rank first in the world for purely decorative     workmanship; while the perfect symmetry of its exterior, once seen     can never be forgotten, nor the aerial grace of its domes, rising     like marble bubbles into the clear sky.
the taj represents the most     highly elaborated stage of ornamentation reached by the     indo-mohammedan builders, the stage in which the architect ends and     the jeweler begins.
in its magnificent gateway the diagonal     ornamentation at the corners, which satisfied the designers of the     gateways of itimad-ud-doulah and sikandra mausoleums is superseded     by fine marble cables, in bold twists, strong and handsome.
the     triangular insertions of white marble and large flowers have in like     manner given place to fine inlaid work.
firm perpendicular lines in     black marble with well proportioned panels of the same material are     effectively used in the interior of the gateway.
on its top the     hindu brackets and monolithic architraves of sikandra are replaced     by moorish carped arches, usually single blocks of red sandstone, in     the kiosks and pavilions which adorn the roof.
from the pillared     pavilions a magnificent view is obtained of the taj gardens below,     with the noble jumna river at their farther end, and the city and     fort of agra in the distance.
from this beautiful and splendid     gateway one passes up a straight alley shaded by evergreen trees     cooled by a broad shallow piece of water running along the middle of     the path to the taj itself.
the taj is entirely of marble and gems.
the red sandstone of the other mohammedan buildings has entirely     disappeared, or rather the red sandstone which used to form the     thickness of the walls, is in the taj itself overlaid completely     with white marble, and the white marble is itself inlaid with     precious stones arranged in lovely patterns of flowers.
a feeling     of purity impresses itself on the eye and the mind from the absence     of the coarser material which forms so invariable a material in agra     architecture.
the lower wall and panels are covered with tulips,     oleanders, and fullblown lilies, in flat carving on the white     marble; and although the inlaid work of flowers done in gems is very     brilliant when looked at closely, there is on the whole but little     color, and the all-prevailing sentiment is one of whiteness,     silence, and calm.
the whiteness is broken only by the fine color     of the inlaid gems, by lines in black marble, and by delicately     written inscriptions, also in black, from the koran.
under the dome     of the vast mausoleum a high and beautiful screen of open tracery in     white marble rises around the two tombs, or rather cenotaphs of the     emperor and his princess; and in this marvel of marble the carving     has advanced from the old geometrical patterns to a trellis-work of     flowers and foliage, handled with great freedom and spirit.
the two     cenotaphs in the center of the exquisite enclosure have no carving     except the plain kalamdan or oblong pen-box on the tomb of emperor     shah jehan.
but both cenotaphs are inlaid with flowers made of     costly gems, and with the ever graceful oleander scroll."
bayard taylor, after describing the details of the taj, goes on to say:     "on both sides the palm, the banyan, and the feathery bamboo mingle     their foliage; the song of birds meets your ears, and the odor of     roses and lemon flowers sweetens the air.
down such a vista and     over such a foreground rises the taj.
there is no mystery, no sense     of partial failure about the taj.
a thing of perfect beauty and of     absolute finish in every detail, it might pass for the work of genii     who knew naught of the weaknesses and ills with which mankind are     beset."
all of these details are true.
but, taken together, they state afalsehood--to you.
you cannot add them up correctly.
those writers knowthe values of their words and phrases, but to you the words and phrasesconvey other and uncertain values.
to those writers their phrases havevalues which i think i am now acquainted with; and for the help of thereader i will here repeat certain of those words and phrases, and followthem with numerals which shall represent those values--then we shall seethe difference between a writer's ciphering and a mistaken reader's--precious stones, such as agate, jasper, etc.--5.
with which every salient point is richly fretted--5.first in the world for purely decorative workmanship--9.the taj represents the stage where the architect ends and the jewelerbegins--5.the taj is entirely of marble and gems--7.inlaid with precious stones in lovely patterns of flowers--5.the inlaid work of flowers done in gems is very brilliant(followed by a most important modification which the reader is sure toread too carelessly)--2.the vast mausoleum--5.this marvel of marble--5.the exquisite enclosure--5.inlaid with flowers made of costly gems--5.a thing of perfect beauty and absolute finish--5.those details are correct; the figures which i have placed after themrepresent quite fairly their individual, values.
then why, as a whole,do they convey a false impression to the reader?
it is because thereader--beguiled by his heated imagination--masses them in the wrongway.
the writer would mass the first three figures in the following way,and they would speak the truth.
559total--19but the reader masses them thus--and then they tell a lie--559.the writer would add all of his twelve numerals together, and then thesum would express the whole truth about the taj, and the truth only--63.but the reader--always helped by his imagination--would put the figuresin a row one after the other, and get this sum, which would tell him anoble big lie:559575255555.you must put in the commas yourself; i have to go on with my work.
the reader will always be sure to put the figures together in that wrongway, and then as surely before him will stand, sparkling in the sun, agem-crusted taj tall as the matterhorn.
i had to visit niagara fifteen times before i succeeded in getting myimaginary falls gauged to the actuality and could begin to sanely andwholesomely wonder at them for what they were, not what i had expectedthem to be.
when i first approached them it was with my face liftedtoward the sky, for i thought i was going to see an atlantic oceanpouring down thence over cloud-vexed himalayan heights, a sea-green wallof water sixty miles front and six miles high, and so, when the toyreality came suddenly into view--that beruffled little wet apron hangingout to dry--the shock was too much for me, and i fell with a dull thud.
yet slowly, surely, steadily, in the course of my fifteen visits, theproportions adjusted themselves to the facts, and i came at last torealize that a waterfall a hundred and sixty-five feet high and a quarterof a mile wide was an impressive thing.
it was not a dipperful to myvanished great vision, but it would answer.
i know that i ought to do with the taj as i was obliged to do withniagara--see it fifteen times, and let my mind gradually get rid of thetaj built in it by its describers, by help of my imagination, andsubstitute for it the taj of fact.
it would be noble and fine, then, anda marvel; not the marvel which it replaced, but still a marvel, and fineenough.
i am a careless reader, i suppose--an impressionist reader; animpressionist reader of what is not an impressionist picture; a readerwho overlooks the informing details or masses their sum improperly, andgets only a large splashy, general effect--an effect which is notcorrect, and which is not warranted by the particulars placed before me--particulars which i did not examine, and whose meanings i did notcautiously and carefully estimate.
it is an effect which is somethirty-five or forty times finer than the reality, and is therefore agreat deal better and more valuable than the reality; and so, i oughtnever to hunt up the reality, but stay miles away from it, and thuspreserve undamaged my own private mighty niagara tumbling out of thevault of heaven, and my own ineffable taj, built of tinted mists uponjeweled arches of rainbows supported by colonnades of moonlight.
it is amistake for a person with an unregulated imagination to go and look at anillustrious world's wonder.
i suppose that many, many years ago i gathered the idea that the taj'splace in the achievements of man was exactly the place of the ice-stormin the achievements of nature; that the taj represented man's supremestpossibility in the creation of grace and beauty and exquisiteness andsplendor, just as the ice-storm represents nature's supremest possibilityin the combination of those same qualities.
i do not know how long agothat idea was bred in me, but i know that i cannot remember back to atime when the thought of either of these symbols of gracious andunapproachable perfection did not at once suggest the other.
if ithought of the ice-storm, the taj rose before me divinely beautiful; if ithought of the taj, with its encrustings and inlayings of jewels, thevision of the ice-storm rose.
and so, to me, all these years, the tajhas had no rival among the temples and palaces of men, none that evenremotely approached it--it was man's architectural ice-storm.
here in london the other night i was talking with some scotch and englishfriends, and i mentioned the ice-storm, using it as a figure--a figurewhich failed, for none of them had heard of the ice-storm.
onegentleman, who was very familiar with american literature, said he hadnever seen it mentioned in any book.
that is strange.
and i, myself,was not able to say that i had seen it mentioned in a book; and yet theautumn foliage, with all other american scenery, has received full andcompetent attention.
the oversight is strange, for in america the ice-storm is an event.
andit is not an event which one is careless about.
when it comes, the newsflies from room to room in the house, there are bangings on the doors,and shoutings, "the ice-storm!
and even the laziestsleepers throw off the covers and join the rush for the windows.
theice-storm occurs in midwinter, and usually its enchantments are wroughtin the silence and the darkness of the night.
a fine drizzling rainfalls hour after hour upon the naked twigs and branches of the trees, andas it falls it freezes.
in time the trunk and every branch and twig areincased in hard pure ice; so that the tree looks like a skeleton treemade all of glass--glass that is crystal-clear.
all along the undersideof every branch and twig is a comb of little icicles--the frozen drip.
sometimes these pendants do not quite amount to icicles, but are roundbeads--frozen tears.
the weather clears, toward dawn, and leaves a brisk pure atmosphere and asky without a shred of cloud in it--and everything is still, there is nota breath of wind.
the dawn breaks and spreads, the news of the stormgoes about the house, and the little and the big, in wraps and blankets,flock to the window and press together there, and gaze intently out uponthe great white ghost in the grounds, and nobody says a word, nobodystirs.
all are waiting; they know what is coming, and they are waitingwaiting for the miracle.
the minutes drift on and on and on, with not asound but the ticking of the clock; at last the sun fires a sudden sheafof rays into the ghostly tree and turns it into a white splendor ofglittering diamonds.
everybody catches his breath, and feels a swellingin his throat and a moisture in his eyes-but waits again; for he knowswhat is coming; there is more yet.
the sun climbs higher, and stillhigher, flooding the tree from its loftiest spread of branches to itslowest, turning it to a glory of white fire; then in a moment, withoutwarning, comes the great miracle, the supreme miracle, the miraclewithout its fellow in the earth; a gust of wind sets every branch andtwig to swaying, and in an instant turns the whole white tree into aspouting and spraying explosion of flashing gems of every conceivablecolor; and there it stands and sways this way and that, flash!
a dancing and glancing world of rubies, emeralds, diamonds,sapphires, the most radiant spectacle, the most blinding spectacle, thedivinest, the most exquisite, the most intoxicating vision of fire andcolor and intolerable and unimaginable splendor that ever any eye hasrested upon in this world, or will ever rest upon outside of the gates ofheaven.
by all my senses, all my faculties, i know that the icestorm is nature'ssupremest achievement in the domain of the superb and the beautiful; andby my reason, at least, i know that the taj is man's ice-storm.
in the ice-storm every one of the myriad ice-beads pendant from twig andbranch is an individual gem, and changes color with every motion causedby the wind; each tree carries a million, and a forest-front exhibits thesplendors of the single tree multiplied by a thousand.
it occurs to me now that i have never seen the ice-storm put upon canvas,and have not heard that any painter has tried to do it.
i wonder whythat is.
is it that paint cannot counterfeit the intense blaze of asun-flooded jewel?
there should be, and must be, a reason, and a goodone,why the most enchanting sight that nature has created has been neglectedby the brush.
often, the surest way to convey misinformation is to tell the stricttruth.
the describers of the taj have used the word gem in its strictestsense--its scientific sense.
in that sense it is a mild word, andpromises but little to the eye--nothing bright, nothing brilliant,nothing sparkling, nothing splendid in the way of color.
it accuratelydescribes the sober and unobtrusive gem-work of the taj; that is, to thevery highly-educated one person in a thousand; but it most falselydescribes it to the 999.  but the 999 are the people who ought to beespecially taken care of, and to them it does not mean quiet-coloreddesigns wrought in carnelians, or agates, or such things; they know theword in its wide and ordinary sense only, and so to them it meansdiamonds and rubies and opals and their kindred, and the moment theireyes fall upon it in print they see a vision of glorious colors clothedin fire.
these describers are writing for the "general," and so, in order to makesure of being understood, they ought to use words in their ordinarysense, or else explain.
the word fountain means one thing in syria,where there is but a handful of people; it means quite another thing innorth america, where there are 75,000,000.  if i were describing somesyrian scenery, and should exclaim, "within the narrow space of a quarterof a mile square i saw, in the glory of the flooding moonlight, twohundred noble fountains--imagine the spectacle!"
the north american wouldhave a vision of clustering columns of water soaring aloft, bending overin graceful arches, bursting in beaded spray and raining white fire inthe moonlight-and he would be deceived.
but the syrian would not bedeceived; he would merely see two hundred fresh-water springs--twohundred drowsing puddles, as level and unpretentious and unexcited as somany door-mats, and even with the help of the moonlight he would not losehis grip in the presence of the exhibition.
my word "fountain" would becorrect; it would speak the strict truth; and it would convey the stricttruth to the handful of syrians, and the strictest misinformation to thenorth american millions.
with their gems--and gems--and more gems--andgems again--and still other gems--the describers of the taj are withintheir legal but not their moral rights; they are dealing in the strictestscientific truth; and in doing it they succeed to admiration in telling"what ain't so."
we wandered contentedly around here and there in india; to lahore, amongother places, where the lieutenant-governor lent me an elephant.
thishospitality stands out in my experiences in a stately isolation.
it wasa fine elephant, affable, gentlemanly, educated, and i was not afraid ofit.
i even rode it with confidence through the crowded lanes of thenative city, where it scared all the horses out of their senses, andwhere children were always just escaping its feet.
it took the middle ofthe road in a fine independent way, and left it to the world to get outof the way or take the consequences.
i am used to being afraid ofcollisions when i ride or drive, but when one is on top of an elephantthat feeling is absent.
i could have ridden in comfort through aregiment of runaway teams.
i could easily learn to prefer an elephant toany other vehicle, partly because of that immunity from collisions, andpartly because of the fine view one has from up there, and partly becauseof the dignity one feels in that high place, and partly because one canlook in at the windows and see what is going on privately among thefamily.
the lahore horses were used to elephants, but they wererapturously afraid of them just the same.
it seemed curious.
perhapsthe better they know the elephant the more they respect him in thatpeculiar way.
in our own case--we are not afraid of dynamite till we getacquainted with it.
we drifted as far as rawal pindi, away up on the afghan frontier--i thinkit was the afghan frontier, but it may have been hertzegovina--it wasaround there somewhere--and down again to delhi, to see the ancientarchitectural wonders there and in old delhi and not describe them, andalso to see the scene of the illustrious assault, in the mutiny days,when the british carried delhi by storm, one of the marvels of historyfor impudent daring and immortal valor.
we had a refreshing rest, there in delhi, in a great old mansion whichpossessed historical interest.
it was built by a rich englishman who hadbecome orientalized--so much so that he had a zenana.
but he was abroadminded man, and remained so.
to please his harem he built a mosque;to please himself he built an english church.
that kind of a man willarrive, somewhere.
in the mutiny days the mansion was the britishgeneral's headquarters.
it stands in a great garden--oriental fashion--and about it are many noble trees.
the trees harbor monkeys; and theyare monkeys of a watchful and enterprising sort, and not much troubledwith fear.
they invade the house whenever they get a chance, and carryoff everything they don't want.
one morning the master of the house wasin his bath, and the window was open.
near it stood a pot of yellowpaint and a brush.
some monkeys appeared in the window; to scare themaway, the gentleman threw his sponge at them.
they did not scare at all;they jumped into the room and threw yellow paint all over him from thebrush, and drove him out; then they painted the walls and the floor andthe tank and the windows and the furniture yellow, and were in thedressing-room painting that when help arrived and routed them.
two of these creatures came into my room in the early morning, through awindow whose shutters i had left open, and when i woke one of them wasbefore the glass brushing his hair, and the other one had my note-book,and was reading a page of humorous notes and crying.
i did not mind theone with the hair-brush, but the conduct of the other one hurt me; ithurts me yet.
i threw something at him, and that was wrong, for my hosthad told me that the monkeys were best left alone.
they threw everythingat me that they could lift, and then went into the bathroom to get somemore things, and i shut the door on them.
at jeypore, in rajputana, we made a considerable stay.
we were not inthe native city, but several miles from it, in the small europeanofficial suburb.
there were but few europeans--only fourteen but theywere all kind and hospitable, and it amounted to being at home.
injeypore we found again what we had found all about india--that while theindian servant is in his way a very real treasure, he will sometimes bearwatching, and the englishman watches him.
if he sends him on an errand,he wants more than the man's word for it that he did the errand.
whenfruit and vegetables were sent to us, a "chit" came with them--a receiptfor us to sign; otherwise the things might not arrive.
if a gentlemansent up his carriage, the chit stated "from" such-and-such an hour "to"such-and-such an hour--which made it unhandy for the coachman and his twoor three subordinates to put us off with a part of the allotted time anddevote the rest of it to a lark of their own.
we were pleasantly situated in a small two-storied inn, in an empty largecompound which was surrounded by a mud wall as high as a man's head.
theinn was kept by nine hindoo brothers, its owners.
they lived, with theirfamilies, in a one-storied building within the compound, but off to oneside, and there was always a long pile of their little comely brownchildren loosely stacked in its veranda, and a detachment of the parentswedged among them, smoking the hookah or the howdah, or whatever theycall it.
by the veranda stood a palm, and a monkey lived in it, and leda lonesome life, and always looked sad and weary, and the crows botheredhim a good deal.
the inn cow poked about the compound and emphasized the secluded andcountry air of the place, and there was a dog of no particular breed, whowas always present in the compound, and always asleep, always stretchedout baking in the sun and adding to the deep tranquility andreposefulness of the place, when the crows were away on business.
white-draperied servants were coming and going all the time, but theyseemed only spirits, for their feet were bare and made no sound.
downthe lane a piece lived an elephant in the shade of a noble tree, androcked and rocked, and reached about with his trunk, begging of his brownmistress or fumbling the children playing at his feet.
and there werecamels about, but they go on velvet feet, and were proper to the silenceand serenity of the surroundings.
the satan mentioned at the head of this chapter was not our satan, butthe other one.
our satan was lost to us.
in these later days he hadpassed out of our life--lamented by me, and sincerely.
i was missinghim; i am missing him yet, after all these months.
he was an astonishingcreature to fly around and do things.
he didn't always do them quiteright, but he did them, and did them suddenly.
there was no time wasted.
you would say:"pack the trunks and bags, satan."
"wair good" (very good).
then there would be a brief sound of thrashing and slashing and hummingand buzzing, and a spectacle as of a whirlwind spinning gowns and jacketsand coats and boots and things through the air, and then with bow andtouch--"awready, master."
it was wonderful.
it made one dizzy.
he crumpled dresses a good deal,and he had no particular plan about the work--at first--except to puteach article into the trunk it didn't belong in.
but he soon reformed,in this matter.
not entirely; for, to the last, he would cram into thesatchel sacred to literature any odds and ends of rubbish that hecouldn't find a handy place for elsewhere.
when threatened with deathfor this, it did not trouble him; he only looked pleasant, saluted withsoldierly grace, said "wair good," and did it again next day.
he was always busy; kept the rooms tidied up, the boots polished, theclothes brushed, the wash-basin full of clean water, my dress clotheslaid out and ready for the lecture-hall an hour ahead of time; and hedressed me from head to heel in spite of my determination to do itmyself, according to my lifelong custom.
he was a born boss, and loved to command, and to jaw and dispute withinferiors and harry them and bullyrag them.
he was fine at the railwaystation--yes, he was at his finest there.
he would shoulder and plungeand paw his violent way through the packed multitude of natives withnineteen coolies at his tail, each bearing a trifle of luggage--one atrunk, another a parasol, another a shawl, another a fan, and so on; onearticle to each, and the longer the procession, the better he was suited--and he was sure to make for some engaged sleeper and begin to hurl theowner's things out of it, swearing that it was ours and that there hadbeen a mistake.
arrived at our own sleeper, he would undo thebedding-bundles and make the beds and put everything to rights andshipshape in two minutes; then put his head out at a window and have arestful good time abusing his gang of coolies and disputing their billuntil we arrived and made him pay them and stop his noise.
speaking of noise, he certainly was the noisest little devil in india--and that is saying much, very much, indeed.
i loved him for his noise,but the family detested him for it.
they could not abide it; they couldnot get reconciled to it.
it humiliated them.
as a rule, when we gotwithin six hundred yards of one of those big railway stations, a mightyracket of screaming and shrieking and shouting and storming would breakupon us, and i would be happy to myself, and the family would say, withshame:"there--that's satan.
why do you keep him?"
and, sure enough, there in the whirling midst of fifteen hundredwondering people we would find that little scrap of a creaturegesticulating like a spider with the colic, his black eyes snapping, hisfez-tassel dancing, his jaws pouring out floods of billingsgate upon hisgang of beseeching and astonished coolies.
i loved him; i couldn't help it; but the family--why, they could hardlyspeak of him with patience.
to this day i regret his loss, and wish ihad him back; but they--it is different with them.
he was a native, andcame from surat.
twenty degrees of latitude lay between his birthplaceand manuel's, and fifteen hundred between their ways and characters anddispositions.
i only liked manuel, but i loved satan.
this latter'sreal name was intensely indian.
i could not quite get the hang of it,but it sounded like bunder rao ram chunder clam chowder.
it was too longfor handy use, anyway; so i reduced it.
when he had been with us two or three weeks, he began to make mistakeswhich i had difficulty in patching up for him.
approaching benares oneday, he got out of the train to see if he could get up a misunderstandingwith somebody, for it had been a weary, long journey and he wanted tofreshen up.
he found what he was after, but kept up his pow-wow a shadetoo long and got left.
so there we were in a strange city and nochambermaid.
it was awkward for us, and we told him he must not do soany more.
he saluted and said in his dear, pleasant way, "wair good."
then at lucknow he got drunk.
i said it was a fever, and got thefamily's compassion, and solicitude aroused; so they gave him ateaspoonful of liquid quinine and it set his vitals on fire.
he madeseveral grimaces which gave me a better idea of the lisbon earthquakethan any i have ever got of it from paintings and descriptions.
hisdrunk was still portentously solid next morning, but i could have pulledhim through with the family if he would only have taken another spoonfulof that remedy; but no, although he was stupefied, his memory still hadflickerings of life; so he smiled a divinely dull smile and said,fumblingly saluting:"scoose me, mem saheb, scoose me, missy saheb; satan not prefer it,please."
then some instinct revealed to them that he was drunk.
they gave himprompt notice that next time this happened he must go.
he got out amaudlin and most gentle "wair good," and saluted indefinitely.
only one short week later he fell again.
and oh, sorrow!
not in a hotelthis time, but in an english gentleman's private house.
and in agra, ofall places.
so he had to go.
when i told him, he said patiently, "wairgood," and made his parting salute, and went out from us to return nomore forever.
i would rather have lost a hundred angels thanthat one poor lovely devil.
what style he used to put on, in a swellhotel or in a private house--snow-white muslin from his chin to his barefeet, a crimson sash embroidered with gold thread around his waist, andon his head a great sea-green turban like to the turban of the grandturk.
he was not a liar; but he will become one if he keeps on.
he told meonce that he used to crack cocoanuts with his teeth when he was a boy;and when i asked how he got them into his mouth, he said he was upward ofsix feet high at that time, and had an unusual mouth.
and when ifollowed him up and asked him what had become of that other foot, he saida house fell on him and he was never able to get his stature back again.
swervings like these from the strict line of fact often beguile atruthful man on and on until he eventually becomes a liar.
his successor was a mohammedan, sahadat mohammed khan; very dark, verytall, very grave.
he went always in flowing masses of white, from thetop of his big turban down to his bare feet.
his voice was low.
heglided about in a noiseless way, and looked like a ghost.
he wascompetent and satisfactory.
but where he was, it seemed always sunday.
it was not so in satan's time.
jeypore is intensely indian, but it has two or three features whichindicate the presence of european science and european interest in theweal of the common public, such as the liberal water-supply furnished bygreat works built at the state's expense; good sanitation, resulting in adegree of healthfulness unusually high for india; a noble pleasuregarden, with privileged days for women; schools for the instruction ofnative youth in advanced art, both ornamental and utilitarian; and a newand beautiful palace stocked with a museum of extraordinary interest andvalue.
without the maharaja's sympathy and purse these beneficencescould not have been created; but he is a man of wide views and largegenerosities, and all such matters find hospitality with him.
we drove often to the city from the hotel kaiser-i-hind, a journey whichwas always full of interest, both night and day, for that country roadwas never quiet, never empty, but was always india in motion, always astreaming flood of brown people clothed in smouchings from the rainbow, atossing and moiling flood, happy, noisy, a charming and satisfyingconfusion of strange human and strange animal life and equally strangeand outlandish vehicles.
and the city itself is a curiosity.
any indian city is that, but thisone is not like any other that we saw.
it is shut up in a lofty turretedwall; the main body of it is divided into six parts by perfectly straightstreets that are more than a hundred feet wide; the blocks of housesexhibit a long frontage of the most taking architectural quaintnesses,the straight lines being broken everywhere by pretty little balconies,pillared and highly ornamented, and other cunning and cozy and invitingperches and projections, and many of the fronts are curiously pictured bythe brush, and the whole of them have the soft rich tint of strawberryice-cream.
one cannot look down the far stretch of the chief street andpersuade himself that these are real houses, and that it is all out ofdoors--the impression that it is an unreality, a picture, a scene in atheater, is the only one that will take hold.
then there came a great day when this illusion was more pronounced thanever.
a rich hindoo had been spending a fortune upon the manufacture ofa crowd of idols and accompanying paraphernalia whose purpose was toillustrate scenes in the life of his especial god or saint, and this fineshow was to be brought through the town in processional state at ten inthe morning.
as we passed through the great public pleasure garden onour way to the city we found it crowded with natives.
that was onesight.
then there was another.
in the midst of the spacious lawnsstands the palace which contains the museum--a beautiful construction ofstone which shows arched colonnades, one above another, and receding,terrace-fashion, toward the sky.
every one of these terraces, all theway to the top one, was packed and jammed with natives.
one must try toimagine those solid masses of splendid color, one above another, up andup, against the blue sky, and the indian sun turning them all to beds offire and flame.
later, when we reached the city, and glanced down the chief avenue,smouldering in its crushed-strawberry tint, those splendid effects wererepeated; for every balcony, and every fanciful bird-cage of a snuggerycountersunk in the house-fronts, and all the long lines of roofs werecrowded with people, and each crowd was an explosion of brilliant color.
then the wide street itself, away down and down and down into thedistance, was alive with gorgeously-clothed people not still, but moving,swaying, drifting, eddying, a delirious display of all colors and allshades of color, delicate, lovely, pale, soft, strong, stunning, vivid,brilliant, a sort of storm of sweetpea blossoms passing on the wings of ahurricane; and presently, through this storm of color, came swaying andswinging the majestic elephants, clothed in their sunday best ofgaudinesses, and the long procession of fanciful trucks freighted withtheir groups of curious and costly images, and then the long rearguard ofstately camels, with their picturesque riders.
for color, and picturesqueness, and novelty, and outlandishness, andsustained interest and fascination, it was the most satisfying show i hadever seen, and i suppose i shall not have the privilege of looking uponits like again.
suppose we applied no more ingenuity to the instruction of deaf and dumband blind children than we sometimes apply in our american public schoolsto the instruction of children who are in possession of all theirfaculties?
the result would be that the deaf and dumb and blind wouldacquire nothing.
they would live and die as ignorant as bricks andstones.
the methods used in the asylums are rational.
the teacherexactly measures the child's capacity, to begin with; and from thenceonwards the tasks imposed are nicely gauged to the gradual development ofthat capacity, the tasks keep pace with the steps of the child'sprogress, they don't jump miles and leagues ahead of it by irrationalcaprice and land in vacancy--according to the average public-school plan.
in the public school, apparently, they teach the child to spell cat, thenask it to calculate an eclipse; when it can read words of two syllables,they require it to explain the circulation of the blood; when it reachesthe head of the infant class they bully it with conundrums that cover thedomain of universal knowledge.
this sounds extravagant--and is; yet itgoes no great way beyond the facts.
i received a curious letter one day, from the punjab (you must pronounceit punjawb).
the handwriting was excellent, and the wording was english--english, and yet not exactly english.
the style was easy and smoothand flowing, yet there was something subtly foreign about it--somethingtropically ornate and sentimental and rhetorical.
it turned out to bethe work of a hindoo youth, the holder of a humble clerical billet in arailway office.
he had been educated in one of the numerous colleges ofindia.
upon inquiry i was told that the country was full of youngfellows of his like.
they had been educated away up to the snow-summitsof learning--and the market for all this elaborate cultivation wasminutely out of proportion to the vastness of the product.
this marketconsisted of some thousands of small clerical posts under the government--the supply of material for it was multitudinous.
if this youth withtheflowing style and the blossoming english was occupying a small railwayclerkship, it meant that there were hundreds and hundreds as capable ashe, or he would be in a high place; and it certainly meant that therewere thousands whose education and capacity had fallen a little short,and that they would have to go without places.
apparently, then, thecolleges of india were doing what our high schools have long been doing--richly over-supplying the market for highly-educated service; andtherebydoing a damage to the scholar, and through him to the country.
at home i once made a speech deploring the injuries inflicted by the highschool in making handicrafts distasteful to boys who would have beenwilling to make a living at trades and agriculture if they had but hadthe good luck to stop with the common school.
but i made no converts.
not one, in a community overrun with educated idlers who were abovefollowing their fathers' mechanical trades, yet could find no market fortheir book-knowledge.
the same mail that brought me the letter from thepunjab, brought also a little book published by messrs. thacker, spink &co., of calcutta, which interested me, for both its preface and itscontents treated of this matter of over-education.
in the preface occursthis paragraph from the calcutta review.
for "government office" read"drygoods clerkship" and it will fit more than one region of america:     "the education that we give makes the boys a little less clownish in     their manners, and more intelligent when spoken to by strangers.
on     the other hand, it has made them less contented with their lot in     life, and less willing to work with their hands.
the form which     discontent takes in this country is not of a healthy kind; for, the     natives of india consider that the only occupation worthy of an     educated man is that of a writership in some office, and especially     in a government office.
the village schoolboy goes back to the plow     with the greatest reluctance; and the town schoolboy carries the     same discontent and inefficiency into his father's workshop.
sometimes these ex-students positively refuse at first to work; and     more than once parents have openly expressed their regret that they     ever allowed their sons to be inveigled to school."
the little book which i am quoting from is called "indo-anglianliterature," and is well stocked with "baboo" english--clerkly english,booky english, acquired in the schools.
some of it is very funny,--almost as funny, perhaps, as what you and i produce when we try towrite in a language not our own; but much of it is surprisingly correctand free.
if i were going to quote good english--but i am not.
india iswell stocked with natives who speak it and write it as well as the bestof us.
i merely wish to show some of the quaint imperfect attempts atthe use of our tongue.
there are many letters in the book; povertyimploring help--bread, money, kindness, office--generally an office, aclerkship, some way to get food and a rag out of the applicant'sunmarketable education; and food not for himself alone, but sometimes fora dozen helpless relations in addition to his own family; for thosepeople are astonishingly unselfish, and admirably faithful to their tiesof kinship.
among us i think there is nothing approaching it.
strangeas some of these wailing and supplicating letters are, humble and evengroveling as some of them are, and quaintly funny and confused as agoodly number of them are, there is still a pathos about them, as a rule,that checks the rising laugh and reproaches it.
in the following letter"father" is not to be read literally.
in ceylon a little nativebeggar-girl embarrassed me by calling me father, although i knew she wasmistaken.
i was so new that i did not know that she was merely followingthe custom of the dependent and the supplicant.
"sir,     "i pray please to give me some action (work) for i am very poor boy     i have no one to help me even so father for it so it seemed in thy     good sight, you give the telegraph office, and another work what is     your wish i am very poor boy, this understand what is your wish you     my father i am your son this understand what is your wish.
"your sirvent, p. c.
through ages of debasing oppression suffered by these people at the handsof their native rulers, they come legitimately by the attitude andlanguage of fawning and flattery, and one must remember this inmitigation when passing judgment upon the native character.
it is commonin these letters to find the petitioner furtively trying to get at thewhite man's soft religious side; even this poor boy baits his hook with amacerated bible-text in the hope that it may catch something if all elsefail.
here is an application for the post of instructor in english to somechildren:     "my dear sir or gentleman, that your petitioner has much     qualification in the language of english to instruct the young boys;     i was given to understand that your of suitable children has to     acquire the knowledge of english language."
as a sample of the flowery eastern style, i will take a sentence or twofrom a long letter written by a young native to the lieutenant-governorof bengal--an application for employment:     "honored and much respected sir,     "i hope your honor will condescend to hear the tale of this poor     creature.
i shall overflow with gratitude at this mark of your     royal condescension.
the bird-like happiness has flown away from my     nest-like heart and has not hitherto returned from the period whence     the rose of my father's life suffered the autumnal breath of death,     in plain english he passed through the gates of grave, and from that     hour the phantom of delight has never danced before me."
it is all school-english, book-english, you see; and good enough, too,all things considered.
if the native boy had but that one study he wouldshine, he would dazzle, no doubt.
but that is not the case.
he issituated as are our public-school children--loaded down with anover-freightage of other studies; and frequently they are as far beyondthe actual point of progress reached by him and suited to the stage ofdevelopment attained, as could be imagined by the insanest fancy.
apparently--like our public-school boy--he must work, work, work, inschool and out, and play but little.
apparently--like our public-schoolboy--his "education" consists in learning things, not the meaning ofthem; he is fed upon the husks, not the corn.
from several essayswritten by native schoolboys in answer to the question of how they spendtheir day, i select one--the one which goes most into detail:     "66.  at the break of day i rises from my own bed and finish my     daily duty, then i employ myself till 8 o'clock, after which i     employ myself to bathe, then take for my body some sweet meat, and     just at 9 1/2 i came to school to attend my class duty, then at     2 1/2 p. m.  i return from school and engage myself to do my natural     duty, then, i engage for a quarter to take my tiffin, then i study     till 5 p. m., after which i began to play anything which comes in     my head.
after 8 1/2, half pass to eight we are began to sleep,     before sleeping i told a constable just 11 o' he came and rose us     from half pass eleven we began to read still morning."
it is not perfectly clear, now that i come to cipher upon it.
he gets upat about 5 in the morning, or along there somewhere, and goes to bedabout fifteen or sixteen hours afterward--that much of it seems straight;but why he should rise again three hours later and resume his studiestill morning is puzzling.
i think it is because he is studying history.
history requires a worldof time and bitter hard work when your "education" is no further advancedthan the cat's; when you are merely stuffing yourself with a mixed-upmess of empty names and random incidents and elusive dates, which no oneteaches you how to interpret, and which, uninterpreted, pay you not afarthing's value for your waste of time.
yes, i think he had to get upat halfpast 11 p.m.  in order to be sure to be perfect with his historylesson by noon.
with results as follows--from a calcutta schoolexamination:"q.  who was cardinal wolsey?
"cardinal wolsey was an editor of a paper named north briton.
45 ofhis publication he charged the king of uttering a lie from the throne.
he was arrested and cast into prison; and after releasing went to france.
"3.  as bishop of york but died in disentry in a church on his way to beblockheaded.
"8.  cardinal wolsey was the son of edward iv, after his father's deathhe himself ascended the throne at the age of (10) ten only, but when hesurpassed or when he was fallen in his twenty years of age at that timehe wished to make a journey in his countries under him, but he wasopposed by his mother to do journey, and according to his mother'sexample he remained in the home, and then became king.
after many timesobstacles and many confusion he become king and afterwards his brother."
there is probably not a word of truth in that.
"q.  what is the meaning of 'ich dien'?
"10.  an honor conferred on the first or eldest sons of englishsovereigns.
it is nothing more than some feathers.
"11.  ich dien was the word which was written on the feathers of theblind king who came to fight, being interlaced with the bridles of thehorse.
"13.  ich dien is a title given to henry vii by the pope of rome, when heforwarded the reformation of cardinal wolsy to rome, and for this reasonhe was called commander of the faith."
a dozen or so of this kind of insane answers are quoted in the book fromthat examination.
each answer is sweeping proof, all by itself, that theperson uttering it was pushed ahead of where he belonged when he was putinto history; proof that he had been put to the task of acquiring historybefore he had had a single lesson in the art of acquiring it, which isthe equivalent of dumping a pupil into geometry before he has learned theprogressive steps which lead up to it and make its acquirement possible.
those calcutta novices had no business with history.
there was no excusefor examining them in it, no excuse for exposing them and their teachers.
they were totally empty; there was nothing to "examine."
helen keller has been dumb, stone deaf, and stone blind, ever since shewas a little baby a year-and-a-half old; and now at sixteen years of agethis miraculous creature, this wonder of all the ages, passes the harvarduniversity examination in latin, german, french history, belles lettres,and such things, and does it brilliantly, too, not in a commonplacefashion.
she doesn't know merely things, she is splendidly familiar withthe meanings of them.
when she writes an essay on a shakespeareancharacter, her english is fine and strong, her grasp of the subject isthe grasp of one who knows, and her page is electric with light.
hasmiss sullivan taught her by the methods of india and the american publicschool?
no, oh, no; for then she would be deafer and dumber and blinderthan she was before.
it is a pity that we can't educate all the childrenin the asylums.
to continue the calcutta exposure:"what is the meaning of a sheriff?"
"25.  sheriff is a post opened in the time of john.
the duty of sheriffhere in calcutta, to look out and catch those carriages which is rashlydriven out by the coachman; but it is a high post in england.
"26.  sheriff was the english bill of common prayer.
"27.  the man with whom the accusative persons are placed is calledsheriff.
"28.  sheriff--latin term for 'shrub,' we called broom, worn by the firstearl of enjue, as an emblem of humility when they went to the pilgrimage,and from this their hairs took their crest and surname.
"29.  sheriff is a kind of titlous sect of people, as barons, nobles,etc.
"30.  sheriff; a tittle given on those persons who were respective andpious in england."
the students were examined in the following bulky matters: geometry, thesolar spectrum, the habeas corpus act, the british parliament, and inmetaphysics they were asked to trace the progress of skepticism fromdescartes to hume.
it is within bounds to say that some of the resultswere astonishing.
without doubt, there were students present whojustified their teacher's wisdom in introducing them to these studies;but the fact is also evident that others had been pushed into thesestudies to waste their time over them when they could have beenprofitably employed in hunting smaller game.
under the head of geometry,one of the answers is this:"49.  the whole bd = the whole ca, and so-so-so-so-so-so-so."
to me this is cloudy, but i was never well up in geometry.
that was theonly effort made among the five students who appeared for examination ingeometry; the other four wailed and surrendered without a fight.
theyare piteous wails, too, wails of despair; and one of them is an eloquentreproach; it comes from a poor fellow who has been laden beyond hisstrength by a stupid teacher, and is eloquent in spite of the poverty ofits english.
the poor chap finds himself required to explain riddleswhich even sir isaac newton was not able to understand:"50.  oh my dear father examiner you my father and you kindly give anumber of pass you my great father.
"51.  i am a poor boy and have no means to support my mother and twobrothers who are suffering much for want of food.
i get four rupeesmonthly from charity fund of this place, from which i send two rupees fortheir support, and keep two for my own support.
father, if i relate theunlucky circumstance under which we are placed, then, i think, you willnot be able to suppress the tender tear.
"52.  sir which sir isaac newton and other experienced mathematicianscannot understand i being third of entrance class can understand thesewhich is too impossible to imagine.
and my examiner also has put verytiresome and very heavy propositions to prove."
we must remember that these pupils had to do their thinking in onelanguage, and express themselves in another and alien one.
it was aheavy handicap.
i have by me "english as she is taught"--a collection ofamerican examinations made in the public schools of brooklyn by one ofthe teachers, miss caroline b. le row.
an extract or two from its pageswill show that when the american pupil is using but one language, andthat one his own, his performance is no whit better than his indianbrother's:"on history.
"christopher columbus was called the father of his country.
queenisabella of spain sold her watch and chain and other millinery so thatcolumbus could discover america.
"the indian wars were very desecrating to the country.
"the indians pursued their warfare by hiding in the bushes and thenscalping them.
"captain john smith has been styled the father of his country.
his lifewas saved by his daughter pochahantas.
"the puritans found an insane asylum in the wilds of america.
"the stamp act was to make everybody stamp all materials so they shouldbe null and void.
"washington died in spain almost broken-hearted.
his remains were takento the cathedral in havana.
"gorilla warfare was where men rode on gorillas."
in brooklyn, as in india, they examine a pupil, and when they find out hedoesn't know anything, they put him into literature, or geometry, orastronomy, or government, or something like that, so that he can properlydisplay the assification of the whole system--"on literature.
"'bracebridge hall' was written by henry irving.
"edgar a. poe was a very curdling writer.
"beowulf wrote the scriptures.
"ben johnson survived shakespeare in some respects.
"in the 'canterbury tale' it gives account of king alfred on his way tothe shrine of thomas bucket.
"chaucer was the father of english pottery.
"chaucer was succeeded by h. wads.
we will finish with a couple of samples of "literature," one fromamerica, the other from india.
the first is a brooklyn public-schoolboy's attempt to turn a few verses of the "lady of the lake" into prose.
you will have to concede that he did it:"the man who rode on the horse performed the whip and an instrument madeof steel alone with strong ardor not diminishing, for, being tired fromthe time passed with hard labor overworked with anger and ignorant withweariness, while every breath for labor he drew with cries full ofsorrow, the young deer made imperfect who worked hard filtered in sight."
the following paragraph is from a little book which is famous in india--the biography of a distinguished hindoo judge, onoocool chundermookerjee; it was written by his nephew, and is unintentionally funny-infact, exceedingly so.
i offer here the closing scene.
if you would liketo sample the rest of the book, it can be had by applying to thepublishers, messrs.  thacker, spink & co., calcutta     "and having said these words he hermetically sealed his lips not to     open them again.
all the well-known doctors of calcutta that could     be procured for a man of his position and wealth were brought,     --doctors payne, fayrer, and nilmadhub mookerjee and others; theydid     what they could do, with their puissance and knack of medical     knowledge, but it proved after all as if to milk the ram!
his wife     and children had not the mournful consolation to hear his last     words; he remained sotto voce for a few hours, and then was taken     from us at 6.12 p.m.  according to the caprice of god which passeth     understanding."
we sailed from calcutta toward the end of march; stopped a day at madras;two or three days in ceylon; then sailed westward on a long flight formauritius.
from my diary:april 7.  we are far abroad upon the smooth waters of the indian ocean,now; it is shady and pleasant and peaceful under the vast spread of theawnings, and life is perfect again--ideal.
the difference between a river and the sea is, that the river looksfluid, the sea solid--usually looks as if you could step out and walk onit.
the captain has this peculiarity--he cannot tell the truth in a plausibleway.
in this he is the very opposite of the austere scot who sits midwayof the table; he cannot tell a lie in an unplausible way.
when thecaptain finishes a statement the passengers glance at each otherprivately, as who should say, "do you believe that?"
when the scotfinishes one, the look says, "how strange and interesting."
the wholesecret is in the manner and method of the two men.
the captain is alittle shy and diffident, and he states the simplest fact as if he were alittle afraid of it, while the scot delivers himself of the mostabandoned lie with such an air of stern veracity that one is forced tobelieve it although one knows it isn't so.
for instance, the scot toldabout a pet flying-fish he once owned, that lived in a little fountain inhis conservatory, and supported itself by catching birds and frogs andrats in the neighboring fields.
it was plain that no one at the tabledoubted this statement.
by and by, in the course of some talk about custom-house annoyances, thecaptain brought out the following simple everyday incident, but throughhis infirmity of style managed to tell it in such a way that it got nocredence.
he said:     "i went ashore at naples one voyage when i was in that trade, and     stood around helping my passengers, for i could speak a little     italian.
two or three times, at intervals, the officer asked me if     i had anything dutiable about me, and seemed more and more put out     and disappointed every time i told him no.
finally a passenger whom     i had helped through asked me to come out and take something.
i     thanked him, but excused myself, saying i had taken a whisky just     before i came ashore.
"it was a fatal admission.
the officer at once made me pay sixpence     import-duty on the whisky-just from ship to shore, you see; and he     fined me l5 for not declaring the goods, another l5 for falsely     denying that i had anything dutiable about me, also l5 for     concealing the goods, and l50 for smuggling, which is the maximum     penalty for unlawfully bringing in goods under the value of     sevenpence ha'penny.
altogether, sixty-five pounds sixpence for a     little thing like that."
the scot is always believed, yet he never tells anything but lies;whereas the captain is never believed, although he never tells a lie, sofar as i can judge.
if he should say his uncle was a male person, hewould probably say it in such a way that nobody would believe it; at thesame time the scot could claim that he had a female uncle and not stir adoubt in anybody's mind.
my own luck has been curious all my literarylife; i never could tell a lie that anybody would doubt, nor a truth thatanybody would believe.
lots of pets on board--birds and things.
in these far countries thewhite people do seem to run remarkably to pets.
our host in cawnpore hada fine collection of birds--the finest we saw in a private house inindia.
and in colombo, dr. murray's great compound and commodiousbungalow were well populated with domesticated company from the woods:frisky little squirrels; a ceylon mina walking sociably about the house;a small green parrot that whistled a single urgent note of call withoutmotion of its beak; also chuckled; a monkey in a cage on the backveranda, and some more out in the trees; also a number of beautifulmacaws in the trees; and various and sundry birds and animals of breedsnot known to me.
but no cat.
yet a cat would have liked that place.
april 9.  tea-planting is the great business in ceylon, now.
a passengersays it often pays 40 per cent.
on the investment.
says there is a boom.
april 10.  the sea is a mediterranean blue; and i believe that that isabout the divinest color known to nature.
it is strange and fine--nature's lavish generosities to her creatures.
at least to all of them except man.
for those that fly she has provideda home that is nobly spacious--a home which is forty miles deep andenvelops the whole globe, and has not an obstruction in it.
for thosethat swim she has provided a more than imperial domain--a domain which ismiles deep and covers four-fifths of the globe.
but as for man, she hascut him off with the mere odds and ends of the creation.
she has givenhim the thin skin, the meagre skin which is stretched over the remainingone-fifth--the naked bones stick up through it in most places.
on theone-half of this domain he can raise snow, ice, sand, rocks, and nothingelse.
so the valuable part of his inheritance really consists of but asingle fifth of the family estate; and out of it he has to grub hard toget enough to keep him alive and provide kings and soldiers and powder toextend the blessings of civilization with.
yet man, in his simplicityand complacency and inability to cipher, thinks nature regards him as theimportant member of the family--in fact, her favorite.
surely, it mustoccur to even his dull head, sometimes, that she has a curious way ofshowing it.
the captain has been telling how, in one of his arcticvoyages, it was so cold that the mate's shadow froze fast to the deck andhad to be ripped loose by main strength.
and even then he got only abouttwo-thirds of it back.
nobody said anything, and the captain went away.
i think he is becoming disheartened .
also, to be fair, thereis another word of praise due to this ship's library: it contains no copyof the vicar of wakefield, that strange menagerie of complacenthypocrites and idiots, of theatrical cheap-john heroes and heroines, whoare always showing off, of bad people who are not interesting, and goodpeople who are fatiguing.
a singular book.
not a sincere line in it,and not a character that invites respect; a book which is one longwaste-pipe discharge of goody-goody puerilities and dreary moralities; abook which is full of pathos which revolts, and humor which grieves theheart.
there are few things in literature that are more piteous, morepathetic, than the celebrated "humorous" incident of moses and thespectacles.
jane austen's books, too, are absent from this library.
justthat one omission alone would make a fairly good library out of a librarythat hadn't a book in it.
customs in tropic seas.
at 5 in the morning they pipe to wash down thedecks, and at once the ladies who are sleeping there turn out and theyand their beds go below.
then one after another the men come up from thebath in their pyjamas, and walk the decks an hour or two with bare legsand bare feet.
coffee and fruit served.
the ship cat and her kitten nowappear and get about their toilets; next the barber comes and flays us onthe breezy deck.
breakfast at 9.30, and the day begins.
i do not knowhow a day could be more reposeful: no motion; a level blue sea; nothingin sight from horizon to horizon; the speed of the ship furnishes acooling breeze; there is no mail to read and answer; no newspapers toexcite you; no telegrams to fret you or fright you--the world is far, faraway; it has ceased to exist for you--seemed a fading dream, along in thefirst days; has dissolved to an unreality now; it is gone from your mindwith all its businesses and ambitions, its prosperities and disasters,its exultations and despairs, its joys and griefs and cares and worries.
they are no concern of yours any more; they have gone out of your life;they are a storm which has passed and left a deep calm behind.
thepeople group themselves about the decks in their snowy white linen, andread, smoke, sew, play cards, talk, nap, and so on.
in other ships thepassengers are always ciphering about when they are going to arrive; outin these seas it is rare, very rare, to hear that subject broached.
inother ships there is always an eager rush to the bulletin board at noonto find out what the "run" has been; in these seas the bulletin seems toattract no interest; i have seen no one visit it; in thirteen days i havevisited it only once.
then i happened to notice the figures of the day'srun.
on that day there happened to be talk, at dinner, about the speedof modern ships.
i was the only passenger present who knew this ship'sgait.
necessarily, the atlantic custom of betting on the ship's run isnot a custom here--nobody ever mentions it.
i myself am wholly indifferent as to when we are going to "get in"; ifany one else feels interested in the matter he has not indicated it in myhearing.
if i had my way we should never get in at all.
this sort ofsea life is charged with an indestructible charm.
there is no weariness,no fatigue, no worry, no responsibility, no work, no depression ofspirits.
there is nothing like this serenity, this comfort, this peace,this deep contentment, to be found anywhere on land.
if i had my way iwould sail on for ever and never go to live on the solid ground again.
one of kipling's ballads has delivered the aspect and sentiment of thisbewitching sea correctly:               "the injian ocean sets an' smiles               so sof', so bright, so bloomin' blue;               there aren't a wave for miles an' miles               excep' the jiggle from the screw."
april 14.  it turns out that the astronomical apprentice worked off asection of the milky way on me for the magellan clouds.
a man of moreexperience in the business showed one of them to me last night.
it wassmall and faint and delicate, and looked like the ghost of a bunch ofwhite smoke left floating in the sky by an exploded bombshell.
wednesday, april 15.  mauritius.
arrived and anchored off port louis2 a. m.  rugged clusters of crags and peaks, green to their summits; fromtheir bases to the sea a green plain with just tilt enough to it to makethe water drain off.
i believe it is in 56 degrees e. and 22 degrees s.--a hot tropical country.
the green plain has an inviting look; hasscattering dwellings nestling among the greenery.
scene of thesentimental adventure of paul and virginia.
island under french control--which means a community which depends uponquarantines, not sanitation, for its health.
thursday, april 16.  went ashore in the forenoon at port louis, a littletown, but with the largest variety of nationalities and complexions wehave encountered yet.
french, english, chinese, arabs, africans withwool, blacks with straight hair, east indians, half-whites, quadroons--and great varieties in costumes and colors.
took the train for curepipe at 1.30--two hours' run, gradually uphill.
what a contrast, this frantic luxuriance of vegetation, with the aridplains of india; these architecturally picturesque crags and knobs andminiature mountains, with the monotony of the indian dead-levels.
a native pointed out a handsome swarthy man of grave and dignifiedbearing, and said in an awed tone, "that is so-and-so; has held office ofone sort or another under this government for 37 years--he is known allover this whole island and in the other countries of the world perhaps--who knows?
one thing is certain; you can speak his name anywhere inthiswhole island, and you will find not one grown person that has not heardit.
it is a wonderful thing to be so celebrated; yet look at him; itmakes no change in him; he does not even seem to know it."
curepipe (means pincushion or pegtown, probably).
sixteen miles (twohours) by rail from port louis.
at each end of every roof and on theapex of every dormer window a wooden peg two feet high stands up; in somecases its top is blunt, in others the peg is sharp and looks like atoothpick.
the passion for this humble ornament is universal.
apparently, there has been only one prominent event in the history ofmauritius, and that one didn't happen.
i refer to the romantic sojournof paul and virginia here.
it was that story that made mauritius knownto the world, made the name familiar to everybody, the geographicalposition of it to nobody.
a clergyman was asked to guess what was in a box on a table.
it was avellum fan painted with the shipwreck, and was "one of virginia's weddinggifts."
april 18.  this is the only country in the world where the stranger isnot asked "how do you like this place?"
this is indeed a largedistinction.
here the citizen does the talking about the countryhimself; the stranger is not asked to help.
you get all sorts ofinformation.
from one citizen you gather the idea that mauritius wasmade first, and then heaven; and that heaven was copied after mauritius.
another one tells you that this is an exaggeration; that the two chiefvillages, port louis and curepipe, fall short of heavenly perfection;that nobody lives in port louis except upon compulsion, and that curepipeis the wettest and rainiest place in the world.
an english citizen said:     "in the early part of this century mauritius was used by the french     as a basis from which to operate against england's indian     merchantmen; so england captured the island and also the neighbor,     bourbon, to stop that annoyance.
england gave bourbon back; the     government in london did not want any more possessions in the west     indies.
if the government had had a better quality of geography in     stock it would not have wasted bourbon in that foolish way.
a big     war will temporarily shut up the suez canal some day and the english     ships will have to go to india around the cape of good hope again;     then england will have to have bourbon and will take it.
"mauritius was a crown colony until 20 years ago, with a governor     appointed by the crown and assisted by a council appointed by     himself; but pope hennessey came out as governor then, and he worked     hard to get a part of the council made elective, and succeeded.
so     now the whole council is french, and in all ordinary matters of     legislation they vote together and in the french interest, not the     english.
the english population is very slender; it has not votes     enough to elect a legislator.
half a dozen rich french families     elect the legislature.
pope hennessey was an irishman, a catholic,     a home ruler, m.p., a hater of england and the english, a very     troublesome person and a serious incumbrance at westminster; so it     was decided to send him out to govern unhealthy countries, in hope     that something would happen to him.
but nothing did.
the first     experiment was not merely a failure, it was more than a failure.
he     proved to be more of a disease himself than any he was sent to     encounter.
the next experiment was here.
the dark scheme failed     again.
it was an off-season and there was nothing but measles here     at the time.
pope hennessey's health was not affected.
he worked     with the french and for the french and against the english, and he     made the english very tired and the french very happy, and lived to     have the joy of seeing the flag he served publicly hissed.
his     memory is held in worshipful reverence and affection by the french.
"it is a land of extraordinary quarantines.
they quarantine a ship     for anything or for nothing; quarantine her for 20 and even 30 days.
they once quarantined a ship because her captain had had the     smallpox when he was a boy.
that and because he was english.
"the population is very small; small to insignificance.
the     majority is east indian; then mongrels; then negroes (descendants of     the slaves of the french times); then french; then english.
there     was an american, but he is dead or mislaid.
the mongrels are the     result of all kinds of mixtures; black and white, mulatto and white,     quadroon and white, octoroon and white.
and so there is every shade     of complexion; ebony, old mahogany, horsechestnut, sorrel,     molasses-candy, clouded amber, clear amber, old-ivory white,     new-ivory white, fish-belly white--this latter the leprouscomplexion     frequent with the anglo-saxon long resident in tropical climates.
"you wouldn't expect a person to be proud of being a mauritian, now     would you?
but it is so.
the most of them have never been out of     the island, and haven't read much or studied much, and they think     the world consists of three principal countries--judaea, france, and     mauritius; so they are very proud of belonging to one of the three     grand divisions of the globe.
they think that russia and germany     are in england, and that england does not amount to much.
they have     heard vaguely about the united states and the equator, but they     think both of them are monarchies.
they think mount peter botte is     the highest mountain in the world, and if you show one of them a     picture of milan cathedral he will swell up with satisfaction and     say that the idea of that jungle of spires was stolen from the     forest of peg-tops and toothpicks that makes the roofs of curepipe     look so fine and prickly.
"there is not much trade in books.
the newspapers educate and     entertain the people.
mainly the latter.
they have two pages of     large-print reading-matter-one of them english, the other french.
the english page is a translation of the french one.
the typography     is super-extra primitive--in this quality it has not its equal     anywhere.
there is no proof-reader now; he is dead.
"where do they get matter to fill up a page in this little island     lost in the wastes of the indian ocean?
they     discuss madagascar and france.
that is the bulk.
then they chock     up the rest with advice to the government.
also, slurs upon the     english administration.
the papers are all owned and edited by     creoles--french.
"the language of the country is french.
everybody speaks it--has     to.
you have to know french particularly mongrel french, the patois     spoken by tom, dick, and harry of the multiform complexions--or you     can't get along.
"this was a flourishing country in former days, for it made then andstill makes the best sugar in the world; but first the suez canal severedit from the world and left it out in the cold and next the beetroot sugarhelped by bounties, captured the european markets.
sugar is the life ofmauritius, and it is losing its grip.
its downward course was checked bythe depreciation of the rupee--for the planter pays wages in rupees butsells his crop for gold--and the insurrection in cuba and paralyzation ofthe sugar industry there have given our prices here a life-saving lift;but the outlook has nothing permanently favorable about it.
it takes ayear to mature the canes--on the high ground three and six months longer--and there is always a chance that the annual cyclone will rip theprofit out of the crop.
in recent times a cyclone took the whole crop,as you may say; and the island never saw a finer one.
some of thenoblest sugar estates in the island are in deep difficulties.
a dozen ofthem are investments of english capital; and the companies that own themare at work now, trying to settle up and get out with a saving of halfthe money they put in.
you know, in these days, when a country begins tointroduce the tea culture, it means that its own specialty has gone backon it.
look at bengal; look at ceylon.
well, they've begun to introducethe tea culture, here.
"many copies of paul and virginia are sold every year in mauritius.
noother book is so popular here except the bible.
by many it is supposedto be a part of the bible.
all the missionaries work up their french onit when they come here to pervert the catholic mongrel.
it is thegreatest story that was ever written about mauritius, and the only one."
april 20.--the cyclone of 1892 killed and crippled hundreds of people;it was accompanied by a deluge of rain, which drowned port louis andproduced a water famine.
quite true; for it burst the reservoir and thewater-pipes; and for a time after the flood had disappeared there wasmuch distress from want of water.
this is the only place in the world where no breed of matches can standthe damp.
only one match in 16 will light.
the roads are hard and smooth; some of the compounds are spacious, someof the bungalows commodious, and the roadways are walled by tall bamboohedges, trim and green and beautiful; and there are azalea hedges, too,both the white and the red; i never saw that before.
as to healthiness: i translate from to-day's (april 20) merchants' andplanters' gazette, from the article of a regular contributor, "carminge,"concerning the death of the nephew of a prominent citizen:     "sad and lugubrious existence, this which we lead in mauritius; i     believe there is no other country in the world where one dies more     easily than among us.
the least indisposition becomes a mortal     malady; a simple headache develops into meningitis; a cold into     pneumonia, and presently, when we are least expecting it, death is a     guest in our home."
this daily paper has a meteorological report which tells you what theweather was day before yesterday.
one is never pestered by a beggar or a peddler in this town, so far as ican see.
this is pleasantly different from india.
april 22.  to such as believe that the quaint product called frenchcivilization would be an improvement upon the civilization of new guineaand the like, the snatching of madagascar and the laying on of frenchcivilization there will be fully justified.
but why did the englishallow the french to have madagascar?
did she respect a theft of a coupleof centuries ago?
dear me, robbery by european nations of each other'sterritories has never been a sin, is not a sin to-day.
to the severalcabinets the several political establishments of the world areclotheslines; and a large part of the official duty of these cabinets isto keep an eye on each other's wash and grab what they can of it asopportunity offers.
all the territorial possessions of all the politicalestablishments in the earth--including america, of course--consist ofpilferings from other people's wash.  no tribe, howsoever insignificant,and no nation, howsoever mighty, occupies a foot of land that was notstolen.
when the english, the french, and the spaniards reached america,the indian tribes had been raiding each other's territorial clothes-linesfor ages, and every acre of ground in the continent had been stolen andre-stolen 500 times.
the english, the french, and the spaniards went towork and stole it all over again; and when that was satisfactorilyaccomplished they went diligently to work and stole it from each other.
in europe and asia and africa every acre of ground has been stolenseveral millions of times.
a crime persevered in a thousand centuriesceases to be a crime, and becomes a virtue.
this is the law of custom,and custom supersedes all other forms of law.
christian governments areas frank to-day, as open and above-board, in discussing projects forraiding each other's clothes-lines as ever they were before the goldenrule came smiling into this inhospitable world and couldn't get a night'slodging anywhere.
in 150 years england has beneficently retired garmentafter garment from the indian lines, until there is hardly a rag of theoriginal wash left dangling anywhere.
in 800 years an obscuretribe of muscovite savages has risen to the dazzling position ofland-robber-in-chief; she found a quarter of the world hanging out to dryon a hundred parallels of latitude, and she scooped in the whole wash.she keeps a sharp eye on a multitude of little lines that stretch alongthe northern boundaries of india, and every now and then she snatches ahip-rag or a pair of pyjamas.
it is england's prospective property, andrussia knows it; but russia cares nothing for that.
in fact, in our dayland-robbery, claim-jumping, is become a european governmental frenzy.
some have been hard at it in the borders of china, in burma, in siam, andthe islands of the sea; and all have been at it in africa.
africa hasbeen as coolly divided up and portioned out among the gang as if they hadbought it and paid for it.
and now straightway they are beginning theold game again--to steal each other's grabbings.
germany found a vastslice of central africa with the english flag and the english missionaryand the english trader scattered all over it, but with certainformalities neglected--no signs up, "keep off the grass,""trespassers-forbidden," etc.--and she stepped in with a cold calm smileand put up the signs herself, and swept those english pioneers promptlyout of the country.
there is a tremendous point there.
it can be put into the form of amaxim: get your formalities right--never mind about the moralities.
it was an impudent thing; but england had to put up with it.
now, in thecase of madagascar, the formalities had originally been observed, but byneglect they had fallen into desuetude ages ago.
england should havesnatched madagascar from the french clothes-line.
without an effort shecould have saved those harmless natives from the calamity of frenchcivilization, and she did not do it.
now it is too late.
the signs of the times show plainly enough what is going to happen.
allthe savage lands in the world are going to be brought under subjection tothe christian governments of europe.
i am not sorry, but glad.
thiscoming fate might have been a calamity to those savage peoples twohundred years ago; but now it will in some cases be a benefaction.
thesooner the seizure is consummated, the better for the savages.
the dreary and dragging ages of bloodshed and disorder and oppressionwill give place to peace and order and the reign of law.
when oneconsiders what india was under her hindoo and mohammedan rulers, and whatshe is now; when he remembers the miseries of her millions then and theprotections and humanities which they enjoy now, he must concede that themost fortunate thing that has ever befallen that empire was theestablishment of british supremacy there.
the savage lands of the worldare to pass to alien possession, their peoples to the mercies of alienrulers.
let us hope and believe that they will all benefit by thechange.
"the first year they gather shells; the second year theygather shells and drink; the third year they do not gather shells."
(saidof immigrants to mauritius.)
120 sugar factories.
population 1851, 185,000.  the increase is due mainly to the introductionof indian coolies.
they now apparently form the great majority of thepopulation.
they are admirable breeders; their homes are always hazywith children.
great savers of money.
a british officer told me that inindia he paid his servant 10 rupees a month, and he had 11 cousins,uncles, parents, etc., dependent upon him, and he supported them on hiswages.
these thrifty coolies are said to be acquiring land a trifle at atime, and cultivating it; and may own the island by and by.
the indian women do very hard labor for wages running from  40 onehundredths of a rupee for twelve hours' work to 50 one hundredths of arupee.
they carry mats of sugar on their heads (70 pounds) allday lading ships, for half a rupee, and work at gardening all day forless.
the camaron is a fresh water creature like a cray-fish.
it is regardedhere as the world's chiefest delicacy--and certainly it is good.
guardspatrol the streams to prevent poaching it.
a fine of rs.200 or 300(they say) for poaching.
bait is thrown in the water; the camaron goesfor it; the fisher drops his loop in and works it around and about thecamaron he has selected, till he gets it over its tail; then there's ajerk or something to certify the camaron that it is his turn now; hesuddenly backs away, which moves the loop still further up his person anddraws it taut, and his days are ended.
another dish, called palmiste, is like raw turnip-shavings and tasteslike green almonds; is very delicate and good.
costs the life of a palmtree 12 to 20 years old--for it is the pith.
another dish--looks like greens or a tangle of fine seaweed--is apreparation of the deadly nightshade.
the monkeys live in the dense forests on the flanks of the toy mountains,and they flock down nights and raid the sugar-fields.
also on otherestates they come down and destroy a sort of bean-crop--just for fun,apparently--tear off the pods and throw them down.
the cyclone of 1892 tore down two great blocks of stone buildings in thecenter of port louis--the chief architectural feature--and left theuncomely and apparently frail blocks standing.
everywhere in its trackit annihilated houses, tore off roofs, destroyed trees and crops.
themen were in the towns, the women and children at home in the countrygetting crippled, killed, frightened to insanity; and the rain delugingthem, the wind howling, the thunder crashing, the lightning glaring.
this for an hour or so.
then a lull and sunshine; many ventured out ofsafe shelter; then suddenly here it came again from the opposite pointand renewed and completed the devastation.
it is said the chinese fedthe sufferers for days on free rice.
whole streets in port louis were laid flat--wrecked.
during a minute anda half the wind blew 123 miles an hour; no official record made afterthat, when it may have reached 150.  it cut down an obelisk.
it carriedan american ship into the woods after breaking the chains of two anchors.
they now use four-two forward, two astern.
common report says it killed1,200 in port louis alone, in half an hour.
then came the lull of thecentral calm--people did not know the barometer was still going down--then suddenly all perdition broke loose again while people were rushingaround seeking friends and rescuing the wounded.
the noise wascomparable to nothing; there is nothing resembling it but thunder andcannon, and these are feeble in comparison.
what there is of mauritius is beautiful.
you have undulating wideexpanses of sugar-cane--a fine, fresh green and very pleasant to the eye;and everywhere else you have a ragged luxuriance of tropic vegetation ofvivid greens of varying shades, a wild tangle of underbrush, withgraceful tall palms lifting their crippled plumes high above it; and youhave stretches of shady dense forest with limpid streams frolickingthrough them, continually glimpsed and lost and glimpsed again in thepleasantest hide-and-seek fashion; and you have some tiny mountains,some quaint and picturesque groups of toy peaks, and a dainty littlevest-pocket matterhorn; and here and there and now and then a strip ofsea with a white ruffle of surf breaks into the view.
that is mauritius; and pretty enough.
the details are few, the massedresult is charming, but not imposing; not riotous, not exciting; it is asunday landscape.
perspective, and the enchantments wrought by distance,are wanting.
there are no distances; there is no perspective, so tospeak.
fifteen miles as the crow flies is the usual limit of vision.
mauritius is a garden and a park combined.
it affects one's emotions asparks and gardens affect them.
the surfaces of one's spiritual deeps arepleasantly played upon, the deeps themselves are not reached, notstirred.
spaciousness, remote altitudes, the sense of mystery whichhaunts apparently inaccessible mountain domes and summits reposing in thesky--these are the things which exalt the spirit and move it to seevisions and dream dreams.
the sandwich islands remain my ideal of the perfect thing in the matterof tropical islands.
i would add another story to mauna loa's 16,000feet if i could, and make it particularly bold and steep and craggy andforbidding and snowy; and i would make the volcano spout its lava-floodsout of its summit instead of its sides; but aside from thesenon-essentials i have no corrections to suggest.
i hope these will beattended to; i do not wish to have to speak of it again.
the arundel castle is the finest boat i have seen in these seas.
she isthoroughly modern, and that statement covers a great deal of ground.
shehas the usual defect, the common defect, the universal defect, the defectthat has never been missing from any ship that ever sailed--she hasimperfect beds.
many ships have good beds, but no ship has very goodones.
in the matter of beds all ships have been badly edited, ignorantlyedited, from the beginning.
the selection of the beds is given to somehearty, strong-backed, self-made man, when it ought to be given to afrail woman accustomed from girlhood to backaches and insomnia.
nothingis so rare, on either side of the ocean, as a perfect bed; nothing is sodifficult to make.
some of the hotels on both sides provide it, but noship ever does or ever did.
in noah's ark the beds were simplyscandalous.
noah set the fashion, and it will endure in one degree ofmodification or another till the next flood.
8 a.m.  passing isle de bourbon.
broken-up sky-line of volcanicmountains in the middle.
surely it would not cost much to repair them,and it seems inexcusable neglect to leave them as they are.
it seems stupid to send tired men to europe to rest.
it is no properrest for the mind to clatter from town to town in the dust and cinders,and examine galleries and architecture, and be always meeting people andlunching and teaing and dining, and receiving worrying cables andletters.
and a sea voyage on the atlantic is of no use--voyage tooshort, sea too rough.
the peaceful indian and pacific oceans and thelong stretches of time are the healing thing.
may 2, am.
a fair, great ship in sight, almost the first we have seen inthese weeks of lonely voyaging.
we are now in the mozambique channel,between madagascar and south africa, sailing straight west for delagoabay.
last night, the burly chief engineer, middle-aged, was standing telling aspirited seafaring tale, and had reached the most exciting place, where aman overboard was washing swiftly astern on the great seas, and upliftingdespairing cries, everybody racing aft in a frenzy of excitement andfading hope, when the band, which had been silent a moment, beganimpressively its closing piece, the english national anthem.
as simplyas if he was unconscious of what he was doing, he stopped his story,uncovered, laid his laced cap against his breast, and slightly bent hisgrizzled head.
the few bars finished, he put on his cap and took up histale again, as naturally as if that interjection of music had been a partof it.
there was something touching and fine about it, and it was movingto reflect that he was one of a myriad, scattered over every part of theglobe, who by turn was doing as he was doing every hour of thetwenty-four--those awake doing it while the others slept--thoseimpressive bars forever floating up out of the various climes, neversilent and never lacking reverent listeners.
all that i remember about madagascar is that thackeray's little billiewent up to the top of the mast and there knelt him upon his knee, saying,"i see               "jerusalem and madagascar,               and north and south amerikee."
may 3.  sunday.
fifteen or twenty africanders who will end their voyageto-day and strike for their several homes from delagoa bay to-morrow, satup singing on the afterdeck in the moonlight till 3 a.m.  good fun andwholesome.
and the songs were clean songs, and some of them werehallowed by tender associations.
finally, in a pause, a man asked, "haveyou heard about the fellow that kept a diary crossing the atlantic?"
it was a discord, a wet blanket.
the men were not in the mood forhumorous dirt.
the songs had carried them to their homes, and in spiritthey sat by those far hearthstones, and saw faces and heard voices otherthan those that were about them.
and so this disposition to drag in anold indecent anecdote got no welcome; nobody answered.
the poor manhadn't wit enough to see that he had blundered, but asked his questionagain.
again there was no response.
it was embarrassing for him.
inhis confusion he chose the wrong course, did the wrong thing--began theanecdote.
began it in a deep and hostile stillness, where had been suchlife and stir and warm comradeship before.
he delivered himself of thebrief details of the diary's first day, and did it with some confidenceand a fair degree of eagerness.
it fell flat.
there was an awkwardpause.
the two rows of men sat like statues.
there was no movement, nosound.
he had to go on; there was no other way, at least none that ananimal of his calibre could think of.
at the close of each day's diary,the same dismal silence followed.
when at last he finished his tale andsprung the indelicate surprise which is wont to fetch a crash oflaughter, not a ripple of sound resulted.
it was as if the tale had beentold to dead men.
after what seemed a long, long time, somebody sighed,somebody else stirred in his seat; presently, the men dropped into a lowmurmur of confidential talk, each with his neighbor, and the incident wasclosed.
there were indications that that man was fond of his anecdote;that it was his pet, his standby, his shot that never missed, hisreputation-maker.
but he will never tell it again.
no doubt he willthink of it sometimes, for that cannot well be helped; and then he willsee a picture, and always the same picture--the double rank of dead men;the vacant deck stretching away in dimming perspective beyond them, thewide desert of smooth sea all abroad; the rim of the moon spying frombehind a rag of black cloud; the remote top of the mizzenmast shearing azigzag path through the fields of stars in the deeps of space; and thissoft picture will remind him of the time that he sat in the midst of itand told his poor little tale and felt so lonesome when he got through.
fifty indians and chinamen asleep in a big tent in the waist of the shipforward; they lie side by side with no space between; the former wrappedup, head and all, as in the indian streets, the chinamen uncovered; thelamp and things for opium smoking in the center.
a passenger said it was ten 2-ton truck loads of dynamite that latelyexploded at johannesburg.
hundreds killed; he doesn't know how many;limbs picked up for miles around.
glass shattered, and roofs swept awayor collapsed 200 yards off; fragment of iron flung three and a halfmiles.
it occurred at 3 p.m.; at 6, l65,000 had been subscribed.
when thispassenger left, l35,000 had been voted by city and state governments andl100,000 by citizens and business corporations.
when news of thedisaster was telephoned to the exchange l35,000 were subscribed in thefirst five minutes.
subscribing was still going on when he left; thepapers had ceased the names, only the amounts--too many names; not enoughroom.
l100,000 subscribed by companies and citizens; if this is true, itmust be what they call in australia "a record"--the biggest instance of aspontaneous outpour for charity in history, considering the size of thepopulation it was drawn from, $8 or $10 for each white resident, babiesat the breast included.
monday, may 4.  steaming slowly in the stupendous delagoa bay, its dimarms stretching far away and disappearing on both sides.
it couldfurnish plenty of room for all the ships in the world, but it is shoal.
the lead has given us 3 1/2 fathoms several times and we are drawingthat, lacking 6 inches.
a bold headland--precipitous wall, 150 feet high, very strong, red color,stretching a mile or so.
a man said it was portuguese blood--battlefought here with the natives last year.
i think this doubtful.
prettycluster of houses on the tableland above the red--and rolling stretchesof grass and groups of trees, like england.
the portuguese have the railroad (one passenger train a day) to theborder--70 miles--then the netherlands company have it.
thousands oftons of freight on the shore--no cover.
this is portuguese allover--indolence, piousness, poverty, impotence.
crews of small boats and tugs, all jet black woolly heads and verymuscular.
the south african winter is just beginning now, but nobody butan expert can tell it from summer.
however, i am tired of summer; wehave had it unbroken for eleven months.
we spent the afternoon on shore,delagoa bay.
a small town--no sights.
three 'rickshas,but we couldn't get them--apparently private.
these portuguese are arich brown, like some of the indians.
some of the blacks have the longhorse heads and very long chins of the negroes of the picture books; butmost of them are exactly like the negroes of our southern states roundfaces, flat noses, good-natured, and easy laughers.
flocks of black women passed along, carrying outrageously heavy bags offreight on their heads.
the quiver of their leg as the foot was plantedand the strain exhibited by their bodies showed what a tax upon theirstrength the load was.
they were stevedores and doing full stevedore’swork.
they were very erect when unladden--from carrying weights ontheir heads--just like the indian women.
it gives them a proud finecarriage.
sometimes one saw a woman carrying on her head a laden and top-heavybasket the shape of an inverted pyramid--its top the size of a soup-plate, its base the diameter of a teacup.
it required nice balancing--and got it.
no bright colors; yet there were a good many hindoos.
the second class passenger came over as usual at "lights out" (11) and welounged along the spacious vague solitudes of the deck and smoked thepeaceful pipe and talked.
he told me an incident in mr. barnum's lifewhich was evidently characteristic of that great showman in several ways:this was barnum's purchase of shakespeare's birthplace, a quarter of acentury ago.
the second class passenger was in jamrach's employ at thetime and knew barnum well.
he said the thing began in this way.
onemorning barnum and jamrach were in jamrach's little private snuggery backof the wilderness of caged monkeys and snakes and other commonplaces ofjamrach's stock in trade, refreshing themselves after an arduous strokeof business, jamrach with something orthodox, barnum with somethingheterodox--for barnum was a teetotaler.
the stroke of business was inthe elephant line.
jamrach had contracted to deliver to barnum in newyork 18 elephants for $360,000 in time for the next season's opening.
then it occurred to mr. barnum that he needed a "card."
jamrach said he would have to think of something else--jumbocouldn't be had; the zoo wouldn't part with that elephant.
barnum saidhe was willing to pay a fortune for jumbo if he could get him.
jamrachsaid it was no use to think about it; that jumbo was as popular as theprince of wales and the zoo wouldn't dare to sell him; all england wouldbe outraged at the idea; jumbo was an english institution; he was part ofthe national glory; one might as well think of buying the nelsonmonument.
barnum spoke up with vivacity and said:"it's a first-rate idea.
i'll buy the monument."
jamrach was speechless for a second.
then he said, like one ashamed"you caught me.
i was napping.
for a moment i thought you were inearnest."
barnum said pleasantly--"i was in earnest.
i know they won't sell it, but no matter, i will notthrow away a good idea for all that.
all i want is a big advertisement.
i will keep the thing in mind, and if nothing better turns up i willoffer to buy it.
that will answer every purpose.
it will furnish me acouple of columns of gratis advertising in every english and americanpaper for a couple of months, and give my show the biggest boom a showever had in this world."
jamrach started to deliver a burst of admiration, but was interrupted bybarnum, who said:"here is a state of things!
england ought to blush."
his eye had fallen upon something in the newspaper.
he read it throughto himself, then read it aloud.
it said that the house that shakespearewas born in at stratford-on-avon was falling gradually to ruin throughneglect; that the room where the poet first saw the light was now servingas a butcher's shop; that all appeals to england to contribute money (therequisite sum stated) to buy and repair the house and place it in thecare of salaried and trustworthy keepers had fallen resultless.
thenbarnum said:"there's my chance.
let jumbo and the monument alone for the present--they'll keep.
i'll buy shakespeare's house.
i'll set it up in mymuseum in new york and put a glass case around it and make a sacred thingof it; and you'll see all america flock there to worship; yes, andpilgrims from the whole earth; and i'll make them take their hats off,too.
in america we know how to value anything that shakespeare's touchhas made holy.
in conclusion the s. c. p.  said:"that is the way the thing came about.
barnum did buy shakespeare'shouse.
he paid the price asked, and received the properly attesteddocuments of sale.
then there was an explosion, i can tell you.
what, the birthplace of the master-genius of all the ages and allthe climes--that priceless possession of britain--to be carted out of thecountry like so much old lumber and set up for sixpenny desecration in ayankee show-shop--the idea was not to be tolerated for a moment.
englandrose in her indignation; and barnum was glad to relinquish his prize andoffer apologies.
however, he stood out for a compromise; he claimed aconcession--england must let him have jumbo.
and england consented, butnot cheerfully."
it shows how, by help of time, a story can grow--even after barnum hashad the first innings in the telling of it.
mr. barnum told me the storyhimself, years ago.
he said that the permission to buy jumbo was not aconcession; the purchase was made and the animal delivered before thepublic knew anything about it.
also, that the securing of jumbo was allthe advertisement he needed.
it produced many columns of newspaper talk,free of cost, and he was satisfied.
he said that if he had failed to getjumbo he would have caused his notion of buying the nelson monument to betreacherously smuggled into print by some trusty friend, and after he hadgotten a few hundred pages of gratuitous advertising out of it, he wouldhave come out with a blundering, obtuse, but warm-hearted letter ofapology, and in a postscript to it would have naively proposed to let themonument go, and take stonehenge in place of it at the same price.
it was his opinion that such a letter, written with well-simulatedasinine innocence and gush would have gotten his ignorance and stupidityan amount of newspaper abuse worth six fortunes to him, and notpurchasable for twice the money.
i knew mr. barnum well, and i placed every confidence in the accountwhich he gave me of the shakespeare birthplace episode.
he said he foundthe house neglected and going-to decay, and he inquired into the matterand was told that many times earnest efforts had been made to raise moneyfor its proper repair and preservation, but without success.
he thenproposed to buy it.
the proposition was entertained, and a price named--$50,000, i think; but whatever it was, barnum paid the money down,without remark, and the papers were drawn up and executed.
he said thatit had been his purpose to set up the house in his museum, keep it inrepair, protect it from name-scribblers and other desecrators, and leaveit by bequest to the safe and perpetual guardianship of the smithsonianinstitute at washington.
but as soon as it was found that shakespeare's house had passed intoforeign hands and was going to be carried across the ocean, england wasstirred as no appeal from the custodians of the relic had ever stirredengland before, and protests came flowing in--and money, too, to stop theoutrage.
offers of repurchase were made--offers of double the money thatmr. barnum had paid for the house.
he handed the house back, but tookonly the sum which it had cost him--but on the condition that anendowment sufficient for the future safeguarding and maintenance of thesacred relic should be raised.
this condition was fulfilled.
that was barnum's account of the episode; and to the end of his days heclaimed with pride and satisfaction that not england, but america--represented by him--saved the birthplace of shakespeare fromdestruction.
at 3 p.m., may 6th, the ship slowed down, off the land, and thoughtfullyand cautiously picked her way into the snug harbor of durban, southafrica.
from diary:royal hotel.
comfortable, good table, good service of natives andmadrasis.
curious jumble of modern and ancient city and village,primitiveness and the other thing.
electric bells, but they don't ring.
asked why they didn't, the watchman in the office said he thought theymust be out of order; he thought so because some of them rang, but mostof them didn't.
wouldn't it be a good idea to put them in order?
hehesitated--like one who isn't quite sure--then conceded the point.
may 7.  a bang on the door at 6.  did i want my boots cleaned?
fifteenminutes later another bang.
did we want coffee?
fifteen later, bangagain, my wife's bath ready; 15 later, my bath ready.
two other bangs;i forget what they were about.
then lots of shouting back and forth,among the servants just as in an indian hotel.
at 4 p.m.  it was unpleasantly warm.
half-hour after sunsetone needed a spring overcoat; by 8 a winter one.
durban is a neat and clean town.
one notices that without having hisattention called to it.
rickshaws drawn by splendidly built black zulus, so overflowing withstrength, seemingly, that it is a pleasure, not a pain, to see themsnatch a rickshaw along.
they smile and laugh and show their teeth--agood-natured lot.
not allowed to drink; 2s per hour for one person; 3sfor two; 3d for a course--one person.
the chameleon in the hotel court.
he is fat and indolent andcontemplative; but is business-like and capable when a fly comes about--reaches out a tongue like a teaspoon and takes him in.
he gums histongue first.
he is always pious, in his looks.
and pious and thankfulboth, when providence or one of us sends him a fly.
he has a froggyhead, and a back like a new grave--for shape; and hands like a bird'stoes that have been frostbitten.
but his eyes are his exhibitionfeature.
a couple of skinny cones project from the sides of his head,with a wee shiny bead of an eye set in the apex of each; and these conesturn bodily like pivot-guns and point every-which-way, and they areindependent of each other; each has its own exclusive machinery.
when iam behind him and c. in front of him, he whirls one eye rearwards and theother forwards--which gives him a most congressional expression (one eyeon the constituency and one on the swag); and then if something happensabove and below him he shoots out one eye upward like a telescope and theother downward--and this changes his expression, but does not improve it.
natives must not be out after the curfew bell without a pass.
in natalthere are ten blacks to one white.
sturdy plump creatures are the women.
they comb their wool up to a peakand keep it in position by stiffening it with brown-red clay--half ofthis tower colored, denotes engagement; the whole of it colored denotesmarriage.
none but heathen zulus on the police; christian ones not allowed.
may 9.  a drive yesterday with friends over the berea.
very fine roadsand lofty, overlooking the whole town, the harbor, and the sea-beautifulviews.
residences all along, set in the midst of green lawns with shrubsand generally one or two intensely red outbursts of poinsettia--theflaming splotch of blinding red a stunning contrast with the world ofsurrounding green.
the cactus tree--candelabrum-like; and one twistedlike gray writhing serpents.
the "flat-crown" (should be flat-roof)--half a dozen naked branches full of elbows, slant upward likeartificialsupports, and fling a roof of delicate foliage out in a horizontalplatform as flat as a floor; and you look up through this thin floor asthrough a green cobweb or veil.
the branches are japanesich.
all aboutyou is a bewildering variety of unfamiliar and beautiful trees; one sortwonderfully dense foliage and very dark green--so dark that you notice itat once, notwithstanding there are so many orange trees.
the"flamboyant"--not in flower, now, but when in flower lives up to itsname, we are told.
another tree with a lovely upright tassel scatteredamong its rich greenery, red and glowing as a firecoal.
here and there agum-tree; half a dozen lofty norfolk island pines lifting their frondedarms skyward.
groups of tall bamboo.
saw one bird.
not many birds here, and they have no music--and theflowers not much smell, they grow so fast.
everything neat and trim and clean like the town.
the loveliest treesand the greatest variety i have ever seen anywhere, except approachingdarjeeling.
have not heard anyone call natal the garden of south africa,but that is what it probably is.
it was when bishop of natal that colenso raised such a storm in thereligious world.
the concerns of religion are a vital matter here yet.
a vigilant eye is kept upon sunday.
museums and other dangerous resortsare not allowed to be open.
you may sail on the bay, but it is wicked toplay cricket.
for a while a sunday concert was tolerated, upon conditionthat it must be admission free and the money taken by collection.
butthe collection was alarmingly large and that stopped the matter.
theyare particular about babies.
a clergyman would not bury a childaccording to the sacred rites because it had not been baptized.
thehindoo is more liberal.
he burns no child under three, holding that itdoes not need purifying.
the king of the zulus, a fine fellow of 30, was banished six years agofor a term of seven years.
he is occupying napoleon's old stand--st.helena.
the people are a little nervous about having him come back, andthey may well be, for zulu kings have been terrible people sometimes--like tchaka, dingaan, and cetewayo.
there is a large trappist monastery two hours from durban, over thecountry roads, and in company with mr. milligan and mr. hunter, generalmanager of the natal government railways, who knew the heads of it, wewent out to see it.
there it all was, just as one reads about it in books and cannot believethat it is so--i mean the rough, hard work, the impossible hours, thescanty food, the coarse raiment, the maryborough beds, the tabu of humanspeech, of social intercourse, of relaxation, of amusement, ofentertainment, of the presence of woman in the men's establishment.
there it all was.
it was not a dream, it was not a lie.
and yet withthe fact before one's face it was still incredible.
it is such asweeping suppression of human instincts, such an extinction of the man asan individual.
la trappe must have known the human race well.
the scheme which heinvented hunts out everything that a man wants and values--and withholdsit from him.
apparently there is no detail that can help make life worthliving that has not been carefully ascertained and placed out of thetrappist's reach.
la trappe must have known that there were men whowould enjoy this kind of misery, but how did he find it out?
if he had consulted you or me he would have been told that his schemelacked too many attractions; that it was impossible; that it could neverbe floated.
but there in the monastery was proof that he knew the humanrace better than it knew itself.
he set his foot upon every desire thata man has--yet he floated his project, and it has prospered for twohundred years, and will go on prospering forever, no doubt.
man likes personal distinction--there in the monastery it is obliterated.
he likes delicious food--there he gets beans and bread and tea, and notenough of it.
he likes to lie softly--there he lies on a sand mattress,and has a pillow and a blanket, but no sheet.
when he is dining, in agreat company of friends, he likes to laugh and chat--there a monk readsa holy book aloud during meals, and nobody speaks or laughs.
when a manhas a hundred friends about him, evenings, he likes to have a good timeand run late--there he and the rest go silently to bed at 8; and in thedark, too; there is but a loose brown robe to discard, there are nonight-clothes to put on, a light is not needed.
man likes to lie abedlate--there he gets up once or twice in the night to perform somereligious office, and gets up finally for the day at two in the morning.
man likes light work or none at all--there he labors all day in thefield, or in the blacksmith shop or the other shops devoted to themechanical trades, such as shoemaking, saddlery, carpentry, and so on.
man likes the society of girls and women--there he never has it.
helikes to have his children about him, and pet them and play with them--there he has none.
he likes billiards--there is no table there.
helikes outdoor sports and indoor dramatic and musical and socialentertainments--there are none there.
he likes to bet on things--i wastold that betting is forbidden there.
when a man's temper is up he likesto pour it out upon somebody there this is not allowed.
a man likesanimals--pets; there are none there.
he likes to smoke--there he cannotdo it.
he likes to read the news--no papers or magazines come there.
aman likes to know how his parents and brothers and sisters are gettingalong when he is away, and if they miss him--there he cannot know.
a manlikes a pretty house, and pretty furniture, and pretty things, and prettycolors--there he has nothing but naked aridity and sombre colors.
a manlikes--name it yourself: whatever it is, it is absent from that place.
from what i could learn, all that a man gets for this is merely thesaving of his soul.
it all seems strange, incredible, impossible.
but la trappe knew therace.
he knew the powerful attraction of unattractiveness; he knew thatno life could be imagined, howsoever comfortless and forbidding, butsomebody would want to try it.
this parent establishment of germans began its work fifteen years ago,strangers, poor, and unencouraged; it owns 15,000 acres of land now, andraises grain and fruit, and makes wines, and manufactures all manner ofthings, and has native apprentices in its shops, and sends them forthable to read and write, and also well equipped to earn their living bytheir trades.
and this young establishment has set up eleven branches insouth africa, and in them they are christianizing and educating andteaching wage-yielding mechanical trades to 1,200 boys and girls.
protestant missionary work is coldly regarded by the commercial whitecolonist all over the heathen world, as a rule, and its product isnicknamed "rice-christians" (occupationless incapables who join thechurch for revenue only), but i think it would be difficult to pick aflaw in the work of these catholic monks, and i believe that thedisposition to attempt it has not shown itself.
tuesday, may 12.  transvaal politics in a confused condition.
first thesentencing of the johannesburg reformers startled england by itsseverity; on the top of this came kruger's exposure of the ciphercorrespondence, which showed that the invasion of the transvaal, with thedesign of seizing that country and adding it to the british empire, wasplanned by cecil rhodes and beit--which made a revulsion in englishfeeling, and brought out a storm against rhodes and the chartered companyfor degrading british honor.
for a good while i couldn't seem to get ata clear comprehension of it, it was so tangled.
but at last by patientstudy i have managed it, i believe.
as i understand it, the uitlandersand other dutchmen were dissatisfied because the english would not allowthem to take any part in the government except to pay taxes.
next, as iunderstand it, dr. kruger and dr. jameson, not having been able to makethe medical business pay, made a raid into matabeleland with theintention of capturing the capital, johannesburg, and holding the womenand children to ransom until the uitlanders and the other boers shouldgrant to them and the chartered company the political rights which hadbeen withheld from them.
they would have succeeded in this great scheme,as i understand it, but for the interference of cecil rhodes and mr.beit, and other chiefs of the matabele, who persuaded their countrymen torevolt and throw off their allegiance to germany.
this, in turn, as iunderstand it, provoked the king of abyssinia to destroy the italian armyand fall back upon johannesburg; this at the instigation of rhodes, tobull the stock market.
when i scribbled in my note-book a year ago the paragraph which ends thepreceding chapter, it was meant to indicate, in an extravagant form, twothings: the conflicting nature of the information conveyed by the citizento the stranger concerning south african politics, and the resultingconfusion created in the stranger's mind thereby.
but it does not seem so very extravagant now.
nothing could in thatdisturbed and excited time make south african politics clear or quiterational to the citizen of the country because his personal interest andhis political prejudices were in his way; and nothing could make thosepolitics clear or rational to the stranger, the sources of hisinformation being such as they were.
i was in south africa some little time.
when i arrived there thepolitical pot was boiling fiercely.
four months previously, jameson hadplunged over the transvaal border with about 600 armed horsemen at hisback, to go to the "relief of the women and children" of johannesburg; onthe fourth day of his march the boers had defeated him in battle, andcarried him and his men to pretoria, the capital, as prisoners; the boergovernment had turned jameson and his officers over to the britishgovernment for trial, and shipped them to england; next, it had arrested64 important citizens of johannesburg as raid-conspirators, condemnedtheir four leaders to death, then commuted the sentences, and now the 64were waiting, in jail, for further results.
before midsummer they wereall out excepting two, who refused to sign the petitions for release; 58had been fined $10,000 each and enlarged, and the four leaders had gottenoff with fines of $125,000 each with permanent exile added, in one case.
those were wonderfully interesting days for a stranger, and i was gladto be in the thick of the excitement.
everybody was talking, and iexpected to understand the whole of one side of it in a very littlewhile.
i was disappointed.
there were singularities, perplexities,unaccountabilities about it which i was not able to master.
i had nopersonal access to boers--their side was a secret to me, aside from whati was able to gather of it from published statements.
my sympathies weresoon with the reformers in the pretoria jail, with their friends, andwith their cause.
by diligent inquiry in johannesburg i found out--apparently--all the details of their side of the quarrel except one--whatthey expected to accomplish by an armed rising.
nobody seemed to know.
the reason why the reformers were discontented and wanted some changesmade, seemed quite clear.
in johannesburg it was claimed that theuitlanders (strangers, foreigners) paid thirteen-fifteenths of thetransvaal taxes, yet got little or nothing for it.
their city had nocharter; it had no municipal government; it could levy no taxes fordrainage, water-supply, paving, cleaning, sanitation, policing.
therewas a police force, but it was composed of boers, it was furnished by thestate government, and the city had no control over it.
mining was verycostly; the government enormously increased the cost by puttingburdensome taxes upon the mines, the output, the machinery, thebuildings; by burdensome imposts upon incoming materials; by burdensomerailway-freight-charges.
hardest of all to bear, the government reservedto itself a monopoly in that essential thing, dynamite, and burdened itwith an extravagant price.
the detested hollander from over the waterheld all the public offices.
the government was rank with corruption.
the uitlander had no vote, and must live in the state ten or twelve yearsbefore he could get one.
he was not represented in the raad(legislature) that oppressed him and fleeced him.
religion was not free.
there were no schools where the teaching was in english, yet the greatmajority of the white population of the state knew no tongue but that.
the state would not pass a liquor law; but allowed a great trade in cheapvile brandy among the blacks, with the result that 25 per cent.
of the50,000 blacks employed in the mines were usually drunk and incapable ofworking.
there--it was plain enough that the reasons for wanting some changes madewere abundant and reasonable, if this statement of the existinggrievances was correct.
what the uitlanders wanted was reform--under the existing republic.
what they proposed to do was to secure these reforms by, prayer,petition, and persuasion.
they did petition.
also, they issued a manifesto, whose very first noteis a bugle-blast of loyalty: "we want the establishment of this republicas a true republic."
could anything be clearer than the uitlander's statement of thegrievances and oppressions under which they were suffering?
couldanything be more legal and citizen-like and law-respecting than theirattitude as expressed by their manifesto?
those things wereperfectly clear, perfectly comprehensible.
but at this point the puzzles and riddles and confusions begin to flockin.
you have arrived at a place which you cannot quite understand.
for you find that as a preparation for this loyal, lawful, and in everyway unexceptionable attempt to persuade the government to right theirgrievances, the uitlanders had smuggled a maxim gun or two and 1,500muskets into the town, concealed in oil tanks and coal cars, and hadbegun to form and drill military companies composed of clerks, merchants,and citizens generally.
what was their idea?
did they suppose that the boers would attack themfor petitioning, for redress?
that could not be.
did they suppose that the boers would attack them even for issuing amanifesto demanding relief under the existing government?
yes, they apparently believed so, because the air was full of talk offorcing the government to grant redress if it were not grantedpeacefully.
the reformers were men of high intelligence.
if they were in earnest,they were taking extraordinary risks.
they had enormously valuableproperties to defend; their town was full of women and children; theirmines and compounds were packed with thousands upon thousands of sturdyblacks.
if the boers attacked, the mines would close, the blacks wouldswarm out and get drunk; riot and conflagration and the boers togethermight lose the reformers more in a day, in money, blood, and suffering,than the desired political relief could compensate in ten years if theywon the fight and secured the reforms.
it is may, 1897, now; a year has gone by, and the confusions of that dayhave been to a considerable degree cleared away.
mr. cecil rhodes, dr.jameson, and others responsible for the raid, have testified before theparliamentary committee of inquiry in london, and so have mr. lionelphillips and other johannesburg reformers, monthly-nurses of therevolution which was born dead.
these testimonies have thrown light.
three books have added much to this light:"south africa as it is," by mr. statham, an able writer partial to theboers; "the story of an african crisis," by mr. garrett, a brilliantwriter partial to rhodes; and "a woman's part in a revolution," by mrs.john hays hammond, a vigorous and vivid diarist, partial to thereformers.
by liquifying the evidence of the prejudiced books and of theprejudiced parliamentary witnesses and stirring the whole together andpouring it into my own (prejudiced) moulds, i have got at the truth ofthat puzzling south african situation, which is this:1.  the capitalists and other chief men of johannesburg were frettingunder various political and financial burdens imposed by the state (thesouth african republic, sometimes called "the transvaal") and desired toprocure by peaceful means a modification of the laws.
2.  mr. cecil rhodes, premier of the british cape colony, millionaire,creator and managing director of the territorially-immense andfinancially unproductive south africa company; projector of vast schemesfor the unification and consolidation of all the south african statesinto one imposing commonwealth or empire under the shadow and generalprotection of the british flag, thought he saw an opportunity to makeprofitable use of the uitlander discontent above mentioned--make thejohannesburg cat help pull out one of his consolidation chestnuts forhim.
with this view he set himself the task of warming the lawful andlegitimate petitions and supplications of the uitlanders into seditioustalk, and their frettings into threatenings--the final outcome to berevolt and armed rebellion.
if he could bring about a bloody collisionbetween those people and the boer government, great britain would have tointerfere; her interference would be resisted by the boers; she wouldchastise them and add the transvaal to her south african possessions.
itwas not a foolish idea, but a rational and practical one.
after a couple of years of judicious plotting, mr. rhodes had his reward;the revolutionary kettle was briskly boiling in johannesburg, and theuitlander leaders were backing their appeals to the government--nowhardened into demands--by threats of force and bloodshed.
by the middleof december, 1895, the explosion seemed imminent.
mr. rhodes wasdiligently helping, from his distant post in cape town.
he was helpingto procure arms for johannesburg; he was also arranging to have jamesonbreak over the border and come to johannesburg with 600 mounted men athis back.
jameson--as per instructions from rhodes, perhaps--wanted aletter from the reformers requesting him to come to their aid.
it was agood idea.
it would throw a considerable share of the responsibility ofhis invasion upon the reformers.
he got the letter--that famous oneurging him to fly to the rescue of the women and children.
he got it twomonths before he flew.
the reformers seem to have thought it over andconcluded that they had not done wisely; for the next day after givingjameson the implicating document they wanted to withdraw it and leave thewomen and children in danger; but they were told that it was too late.
the original had gone to mr. rhodes at the cape.
jameson had kept acopy, though.
from that time until the 29th of december, a good deal of the reformers'time was taken up with energetic efforts to keep jameson from coming totheir assistance.
jameson's invasion had been set for the 26th.
thereformers were not ready.
the town was not united.
some wanted a fight,some wanted peace; some wanted a new government, some wanted the existingone reformed; apparently very few wanted the revolution to take place inthe interest and under the ultimate shelter of the imperial flag--british; yet a report began to spread that mr. rhodes's embarrassingassistance had for its end this latter object.
jameson was away up on the frontier tugging at his leash, fretting toburst over the border.
by hard work the reformers got his starting-datepostponed a little, and wanted to get it postponed eleven days.
apparently, rhodes's agents were seconding their efforts--in fact wearingout the telegraph wires trying to hold him back.
rhodes was himself theonly man who could have effectively postponed jameson, but that wouldhave been a disadvantage to his scheme; indeed, it could spoil his wholetwo years' work.
jameson endured postponement three days, then resolved to wait no longer.
without any orders--excepting mr. rhodes's significant silence--he cutthe telegraph wires on the 29th, and made his plunge that night, to go tothe rescue of the women and children, by urgent request of a letter nownine days old--as per date,--a couple of months old, in fact.
he readthe letter to his men, and it affected them.
it did not affect all ofthem alike.
some saw in it a piece of piracy of doubtful wisdom, andwere sorry to find that they had been assembled to violate friendlyterritory instead of to raid native kraals, as they had supposed.
jameson would have to ride 150 miles.
he knew that there were suspicionsabroad in the transvaal concerning him, but he expected to get through tojohannesburg before they should become general and obstructive.
but atelegraph wire had been overlooked and not cut.
it spread the news ofhis invasion far and wide, and a few hours after his start the boerfarmers were riding hard from every direction to intercept him.
as soon as it was known in johannesburg that he was on his way to rescuethe women and children, the grateful people put the women and children ina train and rushed them for australia.
in fact, the approach ofjohannesburg's saviour created panic and consternation there, and amultitude of males of peaceable disposition swept to the trains like asand-storm.
the early ones fared best; they secured seats--by sitting inthem--eight hours before the first train was timed to leave.
mr. rhodes lost no time.
he cabled the renowned johannesburg letter ofinvitation to the london press--the gray-headedest piece of ancienthistory that ever went over a cable.
the new poet laureate lost no time.
he came out with a rousing poemlauding jameson's prompt and splendid heroism in flying to the rescue ofthe women and children; for the poet could not know that he did not flyuntil two months after the invitation.
he was deceived by the false dateof the letter, which was december 20th.
jameson was intercepted by the boers on new year's day, and on the nextday he surrendered.
he had carried his copy of the letter along, and ifhis instructions required him--in case of emergency--to see that it fellinto the hands of the boers, he loyally carried them out.
mrs. hammondgives him a sharp rap for his supposed carelessness, and emphasizes herfeeling about it with burning italics: "it was picked up on thebattle-field in a leathern pouch, supposed to be dr. jameson's saddle-bag.
why, in the name of all that is discreet and honorable, didn't heeat it!"
she requires too much.
he was not in the service of the reformers--excepting ostensibly; he was in the service of mr. rhodes.
it was theonly plain english document, undarkened by ciphers and mysteries, andresponsibly signed and authenticated, which squarely implicated thereformers in the raid, and it was not to mr. rhodes's interest that itshould be eaten.
besides, that letter was not the original, it was onlya copy.
mr. rhodes had the original--and didn't eat it.
he cabled it tothe london press.
it had already been read in england and america andall over europe before jameson dropped it on the battlefield.
if thesubordinate's knuckles deserved a rap, the principal's deserved as manyas a couple of them.
that letter is a juicily dramatic incident and is entitled to all itscelebrity, because of the odd and variegated effects which it produced.
all within the space of a single week it had made jameson an illustrioushero in england, a pirate in pretoria, and an ass without discretion orhonor in johannesburg; also it had produced a poet-laureatic explosion ofcolored fireworks which filled the world's sky with giddy splendors, and,the knowledge that jameson was coming with it to rescue the women andchildren emptied johannesburg of that detail of the population.
for anold letter, this was much.
for a letter two months old, it did marvels;if it had been a year old it would have done miracles.
those latter days were days of bitter worry and trouble for the harassedreformers.
from mrs. hammond we learn that on the 31st (the day after johannesburgheard of the invasion), "the reform committee repudiates dr. jameson'sinroad."
it also publishes its intention to adhere to the manifesto.
it also earnestly desires that the inhabitants shall refrain from overtacts against the boer government.
it also "distributes arms" at the court house, and furnishes horses "tothe newly-enrolled volunteers."
it also brings a transvaal flag into the committee-room, and the entirebody swear allegiance to it "with uncovered heads and upraised arms."
also "one thousand lee-metford rifles have been given out"--to rebels.
also, in a speech, reformer lionel phillips informs the public that thereform committee delegation has "been received with courtesy by thegovernment commission," and "been assured that their proposals shall beearnestly considered."
that "while the reform committee regrettedjameson's precipitate action, they would stand by him."
also the populace are in a state of "wild enthusiasm," and "canscarcely be restrained; they want to go out to meet jameson and bring himin with triumphal outcry."
also the british high commissioner has issued a damnifying proclamationagainst jameson and all british abettors of his game.
it arrives january1st.
it is a difficult position for the reformers, and full of hindrances andperplexities.
their duty is hard, but plain:1.  they have to repudiate the inroad, and stand by the inroader.
2.  they have to swear allegiance to the boer government, and distributecavalry horses to the rebels.
3.  they have to forbid overt acts against the boer government, anddistribute arms to its enemies.
4.  they have to avoid collision with the british government, but stillstand by jameson and their new oath of allegiance to the boer government,taken, uncovered, in presence of its flag.
they did such of these things as they could; they tried to do them all;in fact, did do them all, but only in turn, not simultaneously.
in thenature of things they could not be made to simultane.
in preparing for armed revolution and in talking revolution, were thereformers "bluffing," or were they in earnest?
if they were in earnest,they were taking great risks--as has been already pointed out.
agentleman of high position told me in johannesburg that he had in hispossession a printed document proclaiming a new government and naming itspresident--one of the reform leaders.
he said that this proclamation hadbeen ready for issue, but was suppressed when the raid collapsed.
perhaps i misunderstood him.
indeed, i must have misunderstood him, fori have not seen mention of this large incident in print anywhere.
besides, i hope i am mistaken; for, if i am, then there is argument thatthe reformers were privately not serious, but were only trying to scarethe boer government into granting the desired reforms.
the boer government was scared, and it had a right to be.
for if mr.rhodes's plan was to provoke a collision that would compel theinterference of england, that was a serious matter.
if it could be shownthat that was also the reformers' plan and purpose, it would prove thatthey had marked out a feasible project, at any rate, although it was onewhich could hardly fail to cost them ruinously before england shouldarrive.
but it seems clear that they had no such plan nor desire.
if,when the worst should come to the worst, they meant to overthrow thegovernment, they also meant to inherit the assets themselves, no doubt.
this scheme could hardly have succeeded.
with an army of boers at theirgates and 50,000 riotous blacks in their midst, the odds against successwould have been too heavy--even if the whole town had been armed.
withonly 2,500 rifles in the place, they stood really no chance.
to me, the military problems of the situation are of more interest thanthe political ones, because by disposition i have always been especiallyfond of war.
no, i mean fond of discussing war; and fond of givingmilitary advice.
if i had been with jameson the morning after hestarted, i should have advised him to turn back.
that was monday; it wasthen that he received his first warning from a boer source not to violatethe friendly soil of the transvaal.
it showed that his invasion wasknown.
if i had been with him on tuesday morning and afternoon, when hereceived further warnings, i should have repeated my advice.
if i hadbeen with him the next morning--new year's--when he received notice that"a few hundred" boers were waiting for him a few miles ahead, i shouldnot have advised, but commanded him to go back.
and if i had been withhim two or three hours later--a thing not conceivable to me--i shouldhave retired him by force; for at that time he learned that the fewhundred had now grown to 800; and that meant that the growing would go ongrowing.
for, by authority of mr. garrett, one knows that jameson's 600 were only530 at most, when you count out his native drivers, etc.
; and that the530 consisted largely of "green" youths, "raw young fellows," not trainedand war-worn british soldiers; and i would have told jameson that thoselads would not be able to shoot effectively from horseback in the scamperand racket of battle, and that there would not be anything for them toshoot at, anyway, but rocks; for the boers would be behind the rocks, notout in the open.
i would have told him that 300 boer sharpshootersbehind rocks would be an overmatch for his 500 raw young fellows onhorseback.
if pluck were the only thing essential to battle-winning, the englishwould lose no battles.
but discretion, as well as pluck, is requiredwhen one fights boers and red indians.
in south africa the briton hasalways insisted upon standing bravely up, unsheltered, before the hiddenboer, and taking the results: jameson's men would follow the custom.
jameson would not have listened to me--he would have been intent uponrepeating history, according to precedent.
americans are not acquaintedwith the british-boer war of 1881; but its history is interesting, andcould have been instructive to jameson if he had been receptive.
i willcull some details of it from trustworthy sources mainly from "russell'snatal."
mr. russell is not a boer, but a briton.
he is inspector ofschools, and his history is a text-book whose purpose is the instructionof the natal english youth.
after the seizure of the transvaal and the suppression of the boergovernment by england in 1877, the boers fretted for three years, andmade several appeals to england for a restoration of their liberties,but without result.
then they gathered themselves together in a greatmass-meeting at krugersdorp, talked their troubles over, and resolved tofight for their deliverance from the british yoke.
(krugersdorp--theplace where the boers interrupted the jameson raid.)
the little handfulof farmers rose against the strongest empire in the world.
theyproclaimed martial law and the re-establishment of their republic.
theyorganized their forces and sent them forward to intercept the britishbattalions.
this, although sir garnet wolseley had but lately madeproclamation that "so long as the sun shone in the heavens," thetransvaal would be and remain english territory.
and also in spite ofthe fact that the commander of the 94th regiment--already on the march tosuppress this rebellion--had been heard to say that "the boers would turntail at the first beat of the big drum."
--["south africa as it is,"by f. reginald statham, page 82.  london: t.  fisher unwin, 1897.]
four days after the flag-raising, the boer force which had been sentforward to forbid the invasion of the english troops met them atbronkhorst spruit--246 men of the 94th regiment, in command of a colonel,the big drum beating, the band playing--and the first battle was fought.
it lasted ten minutes.
result:     british loss, more than 150 officers and men, out of the 246.     surrender of the remnant.
boer loss--if any--not stated.
they are fine marksmen, the boers.
from the cradle up, they live onhorseback and hunt wild animals with the rifle.
they have a passion forliberty and the bible, and care for nothing else.
"general sir george colley, lieutenant-governor and commander-in-chief innatal, felt it his duty to proceed at once to the relief of the loyalistsand soldiers beleaguered in the different towns of the transvaal."
hemoved out with 1,000 men and some artillery.
he found the boers encampedin a strong and sheltered position on high ground at laing's nek--everyboer behind a rock.
early in the morning of the 28th january, 1881, hemoved to the attack "with the 58th regiment, commanded by colonel deane,a mounted squadron of 70 men, the 60th rifles, the naval brigade withthree rocket tubes, and the artillery with six guns."
he shelled theboers for twenty minutes, then the assault was delivered, the 58thmarching up the slope in solid column.
the battle was soon finished,with this result, according to russell--     british loss in killed and wounded, 174.     boer loss, "trifling."
colonel deane was killed, and apparently every officer above the grade oflieutenant was killed or wounded, for the 58th retreated to its camp incommand of a lieutenant.
("africa as it is.")
that ended the second battle.
on the 7th of february general colley discovered that the boers wereflanking his position.
the next morning he left his camp at mountpleasant and marched out and crossed the ingogo river with 270 men,started up the ingogo heights, and there fought a battle which lastedfrom noon till nightfall.
he then retreated, leaving his wounded withhis military chaplain, and in recrossing the now swollen river lost someof his men by drowning.
that was the third boer victory.
result,according to mr. russell--     british loss 150 out of 270 engaged.
boer loss, 8 killed, 9 wounded--17.there was a season of quiet, now, but at the end of about three weeks sirgeorge colley conceived the idea of climbing, with an infantry andartillery force, the steep and rugged mountain of amajuba in the night--abitter hard task, but he accomplished it.
on the way he left about 200men to guard a strategic point, and took about 400 up the mountain withhim.
when the sun rose in the morning, there was an unpleasant surprisefor the boers; yonder were the english troops visible on top of themountain two or three miles away, and now their own position was at themercy of the english artillery.
the boer chief resolved to retreat--upthat mountain.
he asked for volunteers, and got them.
the storming party crossed the swale and began to creep up the steeps,"and from behind rocks and bushes they shot at the soldiers on theskyline as if they were stalking deer," says mr. russell.
there was"continuous musketry fire, steady and fatal on the one side, wild andineffectual on the other."
the boers reached the top, and began to put intheir ruinous work.
presently the british "broke and fled for theirlives down the rugged steep."
the boers had won the battle.
result inkilled and wounded, including among the killed the british general:     british loss, 226, out of 400 engaged.
boer loss, 1 killed, 5 wounded.
that ended the war.
england listened to reason, and recognized the boerrepublic--a government which has never been in any really awful dangersince, until jameson started after it with his 500 "raw young fellows."
to recapitulate:the boer farmers and british soldiers fought 4 battles, and the boers wonthem all.
result of the 4, in killed and wounded:     british loss, 700 men.
boer loss, so far as known, 23 men.
it is interesting, now, to note how loyally jameson and his severaltrained british military officers tried to make their battles conform toprecedent.
mr. garrett's account of the raid is much the best one i havemet with, and my impressions of the raid are drawn from that.
when jameson learned that near krugersdorp he would find 800 boerswaiting to dispute his passage, he was not in the least disturbed.
hewas feeling as he had felt two or three days before, when he had openedhis campaign with a historic remark to the same purport as the one withwhich the commander of the 94th had opened the boer-british war offourteen years before.
that commander's remark was, that the boers"would turn tail at the first beat of the big drum."
jameson's was, thatwith his "raw young fellows" he could kick the (persons) of the boers"all round the transvaal."
he was keeping close to historic precedent.
jameson arrived in the presence of the boers.
they--according toprecedent--were not visible.
it was a country of ridges, depressions,rocks, ditches, moraines of mining-tailings--not even as favorable forcavalry work as laing's nek had been in the former disastrous days.
jameson shot at the ridges and rocks with his artillery, just as generalcolley had done at the nek; and did them no damage and persuaded no boerto show himself.
then about a hundred of his men formed up to charge theridge-according to the 58th's precedent at the nek; but as they dashedforward they opened out in a long line, which was a considerableimprovement on the 58th's tactics; when they had gotten to within 200yards of the ridge the concealed boers opened out on them and emptied 20saddles.
the unwounded dismounted and fired at the rocks over the backsof their horses; but the return-fire was too hot, and they mounted again,"and galloped back or crawled away into a clump of reeds for cover, wherethey were shortly afterward taken prisoners as they lay among the reeds.
some thirty prisoners were so taken, and during the night which followedthe boers carried away another thirty killed and wounded--the wounded tokrugersdorp hospital."
sixty per cent.
of the assaulted force disposedof--according to mr. garrett's estimate.
it was according to amajuba precedent, where the british loss was 226 outof about 400 engaged.
also, in jameson's camp, that night, "there lay about 30 wounded orotherwise disabled" men.
also during the night "some 30 or 40 youngfellows got separated from the command and straggled through intojohannesburg."
altogether a possible 150 men gone, out of his 530.  hislads had fought valorously, but had not been able to get near enough to aboer to kick him around the transvaal.
at dawn the next morning the column of something short of 400 whitesresumed its march.
jameson's grit was stubbornly good; indeed, it wasalways that.
he still had hopes.
there was a long and tediouszigzagging march through broken ground, with constant harassment from theboers; and at last the column "walked into a sort of trap," and the boers"closed in upon it."
"men and horses dropped on all sides.
in thecolumn the feeling grew that unless it could burst through the boer linesat this point it was done for.
the maxims were fired until they grew toohot, and, water failing for the cool jacket, five of them jammed and wentout of action.
the 7-pounder was fired until only half an hour'sammunition was left to fire with.
one last rush was made, and failed,and then the staats artillery came up on the left flank, and the game wasup."
jameson hoisted a white flag and surrendered.
there is a story, which may not be true, about an ignorant boer farmerthere who thought that this white flag was the national flag of england.
he had been at bronkhorst, and laing's nek, and ingogo and amajuba, andsupposed that the english did not run up their flag excepting at the endof a fight.
the following is (as i understand it) mr. garrett's estimate of jameson'stotal loss in killed and wounded for the two days:"when they gave in they were minus some 20 per cent.
there were 76 casualties.
there were 30 men hurt or sick in the wagons.
there were 27 killed on the spot or mortally wounded."
total, 133, out of the original 530.  it is just 25 per cent.--[however,i judge that the total was really 150; for the number of wounded carriedto krugersdorp hospital was 53; not 30, as mr. garrett reports it.
thelady whose guest i was in krugersdorp gave me the figures.
she was headnurse from the beginning of hostilities (jan. 1) until the professionalnurses arrived, jan. 8th.
of the 53, "three or four were boers"; i quoteher words.]
--this is a large improvement upon the precedents establishedat bronkhorst, laing's nek, ingogo, and amajuba, and seems to indicatethat boer marksmanship is not so good now as it was in those days.
butthere is one detail in which the raid-episode exactly repeats history.
by surrender at bronkhorst, the whole british force disappeared from thetheater of war; this was the case with jameson's force.
in the boer loss, also, historical precedent is followed with sufficientfidelity.
in the 4 battles named above, the boer loss, so far as known,was an average of 6 men per battle, to the british average loss of 175.in jameson's battles, as per boer official report, the boer loss inkilled was 4.  two of these were killed by the boers themselves, byaccident, the other by jameson's army--one of them intentionally, theother by a pathetic mischance.
"a young boer named jacobz was movingforward to give a drink to one of the wounded troopers (jameson's) afterthe first charge, when another wounded man, mistaking his intention; shothim."
there were three or four wounded boers in the krugersdorphospital, and apparently no others have been reported.
mr. garrett, "ona balance of probabilities, fully accepts the official version, andthanks heaven the killed was not larger."
as a military man, i wish to point out what seems to me to be militaryerrors in the conduct of the campaign which we have just beenconsidering.
i have seen active service in the field, and it was in theactualities of war that i acquired my training and my right to speak.
i served two weeks in the beginning of our civil war, and during all thattime commanded a battery of infantry composed of twelve men.
generalgrant knew the history of my campaign, for i told it him.
i also toldhim the principle upon which i had conducted it; which was, to tire theenemy.
i tired out and disqualified many battalions, yet never had acasualty myself nor lost a man.
general grant was not given to payingcompliments, yet he said frankly that if i had conducted the whole warmuch bloodshed would have been spared, and that what the army might havelost through the inspiriting results of collision in the field would havebeen amply made up by the liberalizing influences of travel.
furtherendorsement does not seem to me to be necessary.
let us now examine history, and see what it teaches.
in the 4 battlesfought in 1881 and the two fought by jameson, the british loss in killed,wounded, and prisoners, was substantially 1,300 men; the boer loss, asfar as is ascertainable, was about 30 men.
these figures show thatthere was a defect somewhere.
it was not in the absence of courage.
ithink it lay in the absence of discretion.
the briton should have doneone thing or the other: discarded british methods and fought the boerwith boer methods, or augmented his own force until--using britishmethods--it should be large enough to equalize results with the boer.
to retain the british method requires certain things, determinable byarithmetic.
if, for argument's sake, we allow that the aggregate of1,716 british soldiers engaged in the 4 early battles was opposed by thesame aggregate of boers, we have this result: the british loss of 700 andthe boer loss of 23 argues that in order to equalize results in futurebattles you must make the british force thirty times as strong as theboer force.
mr. garrett shows that the boer force immediately opposed tojameson was 2,000, and that there were 6,000 more on hand by the eveningof the second day.
arithmetic shows that in order to make himself theequal of the 8,000 boers, jameson should have had 240,000 men, whereas hemerely had 530 boys.
from a military point of view, backed by the factsof history, i conceive that jameson's military judgment was at fault.
another thing.--jameson was encumbered by artillery, ammunition, andrifles.
the facts of the battle show that he should have had none ofthose things along.
they were heavy, they were in his way, they impededhis march.
there was nothing to shoot at but rocks--he knew quite wellthat there would be nothing to shoot at but rocks--and he knew thatartillery and rifles have no effect upon rocks.
he was badly overloadedwith unessentials.
he had 8 maxims--a maxim is a kind of gatling, ibelieve, and shoots about 500 bullets per minute; he had one12 1/2-pounder cannon and two 7-pounders; also, 145,000 rounds ofammunition.
he worked the maxims so hard upon the rocks that five of thembecame disabled--five of the maxims, not the rocks.
it is believed thatupwards of 100,000 rounds of ammunition of the various kinds were firedduring the 21 hours that the battles lasted.
one man killed.
he musthave been much mutilated.
it was a pity to bring those futile maximsalong.
jameson should have furnished himself with a battery of pudd'nheadwilson maxims instead.
they are much more deadly than those others, andthey are easily carried, because they have no weight.
mr. garrett--not very carefully concealing a smile--excuses the presenceof the maxims by saying that they were of very substantial use becausetheir sputtering disordered the aim of the boers, and in that way savedlives.
three cannon, eight maxims, and five hundred rifles yielded a resultwhich emphasized a fact which had already been established--that thebritish system of standing out in the open to fight boers who are behindrocks is not wise, not excusable, and ought to be abandoned for somethingmore efficacious.
for the purpose of war is to kill, not merely to wasteammunition.
if i could get the management of one of those campaigns, i would knowwhat to do, for i have studied the boer.
he values the bible above everyother thing.
the most delicious edible in south africa is "biltong."
you will have seen it mentioned in olive schreiner's books.
it is whatour plainsmen call "jerked beef."
it is the boer's main standby.
he hasa passion for it, and he is right.
if i had the command of the campaign i would go with rifles only, nocumbersome maxims and cannon to spoil good rocks with.
i would movesurreptitiously by night to a point about a quarter of a mile from theboer camp, and there i would build up a pyramid of biltong and biblesfifty feet high, and then conceal my men all about.
in the morning theboers would send out spies, and then the rest would come with a rush.
i would surround them, and they would have to fight my men on equalterms, in the open.
there wouldn't be any amajuba results.
--[just as i am finishing this book an unfortunate dispute has sprung upbetween dr. jameson and his officers, on the one hand, and colonel rhodeson the other, concerning the wording of a note which colonel rhodes sentfrom johannesburg by a cyclist to jameson just before hostilities beganon the memorable new year's day.
some of the fragments of this note werefound on the battlefield after the fight, and these have been piecedtogether; the dispute is as to what words the lacking fragmentscontained.
jameson says the note promised him a reinforcement of 300 menfrom johannesburg.
colonel rhodes denies this, and says he merelypromised to send out "some" men "to meet you."]
[it seems a pity that these friends should fall out over so little athing.
if the 300 had been sent, what good would it have done?
in 21hours of industrious fighting, jameson's 530 men, with 8 maxims, 3cannon, and 145,000 rounds of ammunition, killed an aggregate of 1boer.
these statistics show that a reinforcement of 300 johannesburgers,armed merely with muskets, would have killed, at the outside, only alittle over a half of another boer.
this would not have saved the day.
it would not even have seriously affected the general result.
thefigures show clearly, and with mathematical violence, that the only wayto save jameson, or even give him a fair and equal chance with the enemy,was for johannesburg to send him 240 maxims, 90 cannon, 600 carloads ofammunition, and 240,000 men.
johannesburg was not in a position to dothis.
johannesburg has been called very hard names for not reinforcingjameson.
but in every instance this has been done by two classes ofpersons--people who do not read history, and people, like jameson, who donot understand what it means, after they have read it.]
the duke of fife has borne testimony that mr. rhodes deceived him.
thatis also what mr. rhodes did with the reformers.
he got them intotrouble, and then stayed out himself.
a judicious man.
he has alwaysbeen that.
as to this there was a moment of doubt, once.
it was when hewas out on his last pirating expedition in the matabele country.
thecable shouted out that he had gone unarmed, to visit a party of hostilechiefs.
it was true, too; and this dare-devil thing came near fetchinganother indiscretion out of the poet laureate.
it would have been toobad, for when the facts were all in, it turned out that there was a ladyalong, too, and she also was unarmed.
in the opinion of many people mr. rhodes is south africa; others think heis only a large part of it.
these latter consider that south africaconsists of table mountain, the diamond mines, the johannesburg goldfields, and cecil rhodes.
the gold fields are wonderful in every way.
in seven or eight years they built up, in a desert, a city of a hundredthousand inhabitants, counting white and black together; and not theordinary mining city of wooden shanties, but a city made out of lastingmaterial.
nowhere in the world is there such a concentration of richmines as at johannesburg.
mr. bonamici, my manager there, gave me asmall gold brick with some statistics engraved upon it which record theoutput of gold from the early days to july, 1895, and exhibit the strideswhich have been made in the development of the industry; in 1888 theoutput was $4,162,440; the output of the next five and a half years was(total) $17,585,894; for the single year ending with june, 1895, it was$45,553,700.
the capital which has developed the mines came from england, the miningengineers from america.
this is the case with the diamond mines also.
south africa seems to be the heaven of the american scientific miningengineer.
he gets the choicest places, and keeps them.
his salary isnot based upon what he would get in america, but apparently upon what awhole family of him would get there.
the successful mines pay great dividends, yet the rock is not rich, froma californian point of view.
rock which yields ten or twelve dollars aton is considered plenty rich enough.
it is troubled with base metals tosuch a degree that twenty years ago it would have been only about half asvaluable as it is now; for at that time there was no paying way ofgetting anything out of such rock but the coarser-grained "free" gold;butthe new cyanide process has changed all that, and the gold fields of theworld now deliver up fifty million dollars' worth of gold per year whichwould have gone into the tailing-pile under the former conditions.
the cyanide process was new to me, and full of interest; and among thecostly and elaborate mining machinery there were fine things which werenew to me, but i was already familiar with the rest of the details of thegold-mining industry.
i had been a gold miner myself, in my day, andknew substantially everything that those people knew about it, except howto make money at it.
but i learned a good deal about the boers there,and that was a fresh subject.
what i heard there was afterwards repeatedto me in other parts of south africa.
summed up--according to theinformation thus gained--this is the boer:he is deeply religious, profoundly ignorant, dull, obstinate, bigoted,uncleanly in his habits, hospitable, honest in his dealings with thewhites, a hard master to his black servant, lazy, a good shot, goodhorseman, addicted to the chase, a lover of political independence, agood husband and father, not fond of herding together in towns, butliking the seclusion and remoteness and solitude and empty vastness andsilence of the veldt; a man of a mighty appetite, and not delicate aboutwhat he appeases it with--well-satisfied with pork and indian corn andbiltong, requiring only that the quantity shall not be stinted; willingto ride a long journey to take a hand in a rude all-night danceinterspersed with vigorous feeding and boisterous jollity, but ready toride twice as far for a prayer-meeting; proud of his dutch and huguenotorigin and its religious and military history; proud of his race'sachievements in south africa, its bold plunges into hostile and uncharteddeserts in search of free solitudes unvexed by the pestering and detestedenglish, also its victories over the natives and the british; proudest ofall, of the direct and effusive personal interest which the deity hasalways taken in its affairs.
he cannot read, he cannot write; he has oneor two newspapers, but he is, apparently, not aware of it; until latterlyhe had no schools, and taught his children nothing, news is a term whichhas no meaning to him, and the thing itself he cares nothing about.
hehates to be taxed and resents it.
he has stood stock still in southafrica for two centuries and a half, and would like to stand still tillthe end of time, for he has no sympathy with uitlander notions ofprogress.
he is hungry to be rich, for he is human; but his preferencehas been for riches in cattle, not in fine clothes and fine houses andgold and diamonds.
the gold and the diamonds have brought the godlessstranger within his gates, also contamination and broken repose, and hewishes that they had never been discovered.
i think that the bulk of those details can be found in olive schreiner'sbooks, and she would not be accused of sketching the boer's portrait withan unfair hand.
now what would you expect from that unpromising material?
what ought youto expect from it?
laws inimical to religious liberty?
lawsdenying, representation and suffrage to the intruder?
lawsunfriendly to educational institutions?
laws obstructive of goldproduction?
discouragement of railway expansion?
laws heavilytaxing the intruder and overlooking the boer?
the uitlander seems to have expected something very different from allthat.
i do not know why.
nothing different from it was rationally to beexpected.
a round man cannot be expected to fit a square hole rightaway.
he must have time to modify his shape.
the modification had begunin a detail or two, before the raid, and was making some progress.
ithas made further progress since.
there are wise men in the boergovernment, and that accounts for the modification; the modification ofthe boer mass has probably not begun yet.
if the heads of the boergovernment had not been wise men they would have hanged jameson, and thusturned a very commonplace pirate into a holy martyr.
but even theirwisdom has its limits, and they will hang mr. rhodes if they ever catchhim.
that will round him and complete him and make him a saint.
he hasalready been called by all other titles that symbolize human grandeur,and he ought to rise to this one, the grandest of all.
it will be adizzy jump from where he is now, but that is nothing, it will land him ingood company and be a pleasant change for him.
some of the things demanded by the johannesburgers' manifesto have beenconceded since the days of the raid, and the others will follow in time,no doubt.
it was most fortunate for the miners of johannesburg that thetaxes which distressed them so much were levied by the boer government,instead of by their friend rhodes and his chartered company ofhighwaymen, for these latter take half of whatever their mining victimsfind, they do not stop at a mere percentage.
if the johannesburg minerswere under their jurisdiction they would be in the poorhouse in twelvemonths.
i have been under the impression all along that i had an unpleasantparagraph about the boers somewhere in my notebook, and also a pleasantone.
i have found them now.
the unpleasant one is dated at an interiorvillage, and says--"mr. z. called.
he is an english afrikander; is an old resident, and hasa boer wife.
he speaks the language, and his professional business iswith the boers exclusively.
he told me that the ancient boer families inthe great region of which this village is the commercial center arefalling victims to their inherited indolence and dullness in thematerialistic latter-day race and struggle, and are dropping one by oneinto the grip of the usurer--getting hopelessly in debt--and are losingtheir high place and retiring to second and lower.
the boer's farm doesnot go to another boer when he loses it, but to a foreigner.
some havefallen so low that they sell their daughters to the blacks."
under date of another south african town i find the note which iscreditable to the boers:"dr. x. told me that in the kafir war 1,500 kafirs took refuge in a greatcave in the mountains about 90 miles north of johannesburg, and the boersblocked up the entrance and smoked them to death.
dr. x. has been inthere and seen the great array of bleached skeletons--one a woman withthe skeleton of a child hugged to her breast."
the great bulk of the savages must go.
the white man wants their lands,and all must go excepting such percentage of them as he will need to dohis work for him upon terms to be determined by himself.
since historyhas removed the element of guesswork from this matter and made itcertainty, the humanest way of diminishing the black population should beadopted, not the old cruel ways of the past.
mr. rhodes and his ganghave been following the old ways.--they are chartered to rob and slay,and they lawfully do it, but not in a compassionate and christian spirit.
they rob the mashonas and the matabeles of a portion of their territoriesin the hallowed old style of "purchase!"
for a song, and then they forcea quarrel and take the rest by the strong hand.
they rob the natives oftheir cattle under the pretext that all the cattle in the countrybelonged to the king whom they have tricked and assassinated.
they issue"regulations" requiring the incensed and harassed natives to work for thewhite settlers, and neglect their own affairs to do it.
this is slavery,and is several times worse than was the american slavery which used topain england so much; for when this rhodesian slave is sick,super-annuated, or otherwise disabled, he must support himselfor starve--his master is under no obligation to support him.
the reduction of the population by rhodesian methods to the desired limitis a return to the old-time slow-misery and lingering-death system of adiscredited time and a crude "civilization."
we humanely reduce anoverplus of dogs by swift chloroform; the boer humanely reduced anoverplus of blacks by swift suffocation; the nameless but right-heartedaustralian pioneer humanely reduced his overplus of aboriginal neighborsby a sweetened swift death concealed in a poisoned pudding.
all theseare admirable, and worthy of praise; you and i would rather suffer eitherof these deaths thirty times over in thirty successive days than lingerout one of the rhodesian twenty-year deaths, with its daily burden ofinsult, humiliation, and forced labor for a man whose entire race thevictim hates.
rhodesia is a happy name for that land of piracy andpillage, and puts the right stain upon it.
several long journeys--gave us experience of the cape colony railways;easy-riding, fine cars; all the conveniences; thorough cleanliness;comfortable beds furnished for the night trains.
it was in the firstdays of june, and winter; the daytime was pleasant, the nighttime niceand cold.
spinning along all day in the cars it was ecstasy to breathethe bracing air and gaze out over the vast brown solitudes of the velvetplains, soft and lovely near by, still softer and lovelier further away,softest and loveliest of all in the remote distances, where dimisland-hills seemed afloat, as in a sea--a sea made of dream-stuff andflushed with colors faint and rich; and dear me, the depth of the sky,and the beauty of the strange new cloud-forms, and the glory of thesunshine, the lavishness, the wastefulness of it!
the vigor andfreshness and inspiration of the air and the sun--well, it was alljust as olive schreiner had made it in her books.
to me the veldt, in its sober winter garb, was surpassingly beautiful.
there were unlevel stretches where it was rolling and swelling, andrising and subsiding, and sweeping superbly on and on, and still on andon like an ocean, toward the faraway horizon, its pale brown deepening bydelicately graduated shades to rich orange, and finally to purple andcrimson where it washed against the wooded hills and naked red crags atthe base of the sky.
everywhere, from cape town to kimberley and from kimberley to portelizabeth and east london, the towns were well populated with tamedblacks; tamed and christianized too, i suppose, for they wore the dowdyclothes of our christian civilization.
but for that, many of them wouldhave been remarkably handsome.
these fiendish clothes, together with theproper lounging gait, good-natured face, happy air, and easy laugh, madethem precise counterparts of our american blacks; often where all theother aspects were strikingly and harmoniously and thrillingly african, aflock of these natives would intrude, looking wholly out of place, andspoil it all, making the thing a grating discord, half african and halfamerican.
one sunday in king william's town a score of colored women came mincingacross the great barren square dressed--oh, in the last perfection offashion, and newness, and expensiveness, and showy mixture of unrelatedcolors,--all just as i had seen it so often at home; and in their facesand their gait was that languishing, aristocratic, divine delight intheir finery which was so familiar to me, and had always been such asatisfaction to my eye and my heart.
i seemed among old, old friends;friends of fifty years, and i stopped and cordially greeted them.
theybroke into a good-fellowship laugh, flashing their white teeth upon me,and all answered at once.
i did not understand a word they said.
i wasastonished; i was not dreaming that they would answer in anything butamerican.
the voices, too, of the african women, were familiar to me sweet andmusical, just like those of the slave women of my early days.
i followeda couple of them all over the orange free state--no, over its capital--bloemfontein, to hear their liquid voices and the happy ripple of theirlaughter.
their language was a large improvement upon american.
alsoupon the zulu.
it had no zulu clicks in it; and it seemed to have noangles or corners, no roughness, no vile s's or other hissing sounds, butwas very, very mellow and rounded and flowing.
in moving about the country in the trains, i had opportunity to see agood many boers of the veldt.
one day at a village station a hundred ofthem got out of the third-class cars to feed.
their clothes were very interesting.
for ugliness of shapes, and formiracles of ugly colors inharmoniously associated, they were a record.
the effect was nearly as exciting and interesting as that produced by thebrilliant and beautiful clothes and perfect taste always on view at theindian railway stations.
one man had corduroy trousers of a fadedchewing gum tint.
and they were new--showing that this tint did not comeby calamity, but was intentional; the very ugliest color i have everseen.
a gaunt, shackly country lout six feet high, in battered grayslouched hat with wide brim, and old resin-colored breeches, had on ahideous brand-new woolen coat which was imitation tiger skin--wavy broadstripes of dazzling yellow and deep brown.
i thought he ought to behanged, and asked the station-master if it could be arranged.
he saidno; and not only that, but said it rudely; said it with a quiteunnecessary show of feeling.
then he muttered something about my being ajackass, and walked away and pointed me out to people, and did everythinghe could to turn public sentiment against me.
it is what one gets fortrying to do good.
in the train that day a passenger told me some more about boer life outin the lonely veldt.
he said the boer gets up early and sets his"niggers" at their tasks (pasturing the cattle, and watching them); eats,smokes, drowses, sleeps; toward evening superintends the milking, etc.
;eats, smokes, drowses; goes to bed at early candlelight in the fragrantclothes he (and she) have worn all day and every week-day for years.
iremember that last detail, in olive schreiner's "story of an africanfarm."
and the passenger told me that the boers were justly noted fortheir hospitality.
he told me a story about it.
he said that his gracethe bishop of a certain see was once making a business-progress throughthe tavernless veldt, and one night he stopped with a boer; after supperwas shown to bed; he undressed, weary and worn out, and was soon soundasleep; in the night he woke up feeling crowded and suffocated, and foundthe old boer and his fat wife in bed with him, one on each side, with alltheir clothes on, and snoring.
he had to stay there and stand it--awakeand suffering--until toward dawn, when sleep again fell upon him for anhour.
then he woke again.
the boer was gone, but the wife was still athis side.
those reformers detested that boer prison; they were not used to crampedquarters and tedious hours, and weary idleness, and early to bed, andlimited movement, and arbitrary and irritating rules, and the absence ofthe luxuries which wealth comforts the day and the night with.
theconfinement told upon their bodies and their spirits; still, they weresuperior men, and they made the best that was to be made of thecircumstances.
their wives smuggled delicacies to them, which helped tosmooth the way down for the prison fare.
in the train mr. b. told me that the boer jail-guards treated the blackprisoners--even political ones--mercilessly.
an african chief and hisfollowing had been kept there nine months without trial, and during allthat time they had been without shelter from rain and sun.
he said thatone day the guards put a big black in the stocks for dashing his soup onthe ground; they stretched his legs painfully wide apart, and set himwith his back down hill; he could not endure it, and put back his handsupon the slope for a support.
the guard ordered him to withdraw thesupport and kicked him in the back.
"then," said mr. b., "'the powerfulblack wrenched the stocks asunder and went for the guard; a reformprisoner pulled him off, and thrashed the guard himself."
there isn't a parallel of latitude but thinks it would have been theequator if it had had its rights.
--pudd'nhead wilson's new calendar.
next to mr. rhodes, to me the most interesting convulsion of nature insouth africa was the diamond-crater.
the rand gold fields are astupendous marvel, and they make all other gold fields small, but i wasnot a stranger to gold-mining; the veldt was a noble thing to see, but itwas only another and lovelier variety of our great plains; the nativeswere very far from being uninteresting, but they were not new; and as forthe towns, i could find my way without a guide through the most of thembecause i had learned the streets, under other names, in towns just likethem in other lands; but the diamond mine was a wholly fresh thing, asplendid and absorbing novelty.
very few people in the world have seenthe diamond in its home.
it has but three or four homes in the world,whereas gold has a million.
it is worth while to journey around theglobe to see anything which can truthfully be called a novelty, and thediamond mine is the greatest and most select and restricted novelty whichthe globe has in stock.
the kimberley diamond deposits were discovered about 1869, i think.
wheneverything is taken into consideration, the wonder is that they were notdiscovered five thousand years ago and made familiar to the african worldfor the rest of time.
for this reason the first diamonds were found onthe surface of the ground.
they were smooth and limpid, and in thesunlight they vomited fire.
they were the very things which an africansavage of any era would value above every other thing in the worldexcepting a glass bead.
for two or three centuries we have been buyinghis lands, his cattle, his neighbor, and any other thing he had for sale,for glass beads and so it is strange that he was indifferent to thediamonds--for he must have picked them up many and many a time.
itwould not occur to him to try to sell them to whites, of course, sincethe whites already had plenty of glass beads, and more fashionablyshaped, too, than these; but one would think that the poorer sort ofblack, who could not afford real glass, would have been humbly content todecorate himself with the imitation, and that presently the white traderwould notice the things, and dimly suspect, and carry some of them home,and find out what they were, and at once empty a multitude offortune-hunters into africa.
there are many strange things in humanhistory; one of the strangest is that the sparkling diamonds laid thereso long without exciting any one's interest.
the revelation came at last by accident.
in a boer's hut out in the widesolitude of the plains, a traveling stranger noticed a child playing witha bright object, and was told it was a piece of glass which had beenfound in the veldt.
the stranger bought it for a trifle and carried itaway; and being without honor, made another stranger believe it was adiamond, and so got $125 out of him for it, and was as pleased withhimself as if he had done a righteous thing.
in paris the wrongedstranger sold it to a pawnshop for $10,000, who sold it to a countess for$90,000, who sold it to a brewer for $800,000, who traded it to a kingfor a dukedom and a pedigree, and the king "put it up the spout."
--[handwritten note: "from the greek meaning 'pawned it.'"
--i knowthese particulars to be correct.
the news flew around, and the south african diamond-boom began.
theoriginal traveler--the dishonest one--now remembered that he had onceseen a boer teamster chocking his wagon-wheel on a steep grade with adiamond as large as a football, and he laid aside his occupations andstarted out to hunt for it, but not with the intention of cheatinganybody out of $125 with it, for he had reformed.
we now come to matters more didactic.
diamonds are not imbedded in rockledges fifty miles long, like the johannesburg gold, but are distributedthrough the rubbish of a filled-up well, so to speak.
the well is rich,its walls are sharply defined; outside of the walls are no diamonds.
thewell is a crater, and a large one.
before it had been meddled with, itssurface was even with the level plain, and there was no sign to suggestthat it was there.
the pasturage covering the surface of the kimberleycrater was sufficient for the support of a cow, and the pasturageunderneath was sufficient for the support of a kingdom; but the cow didnot know it, and lost her chance.
the kimberley crater is roomy enough to admit the roman coliseum; thebottom of the crater has not been reached, and no one can tell how fardown in the bowels of the earth it goes.
originally, it was aperpendicular hole packed solidly full of blue rock or cement, andscattered through that blue mass, like raisins in a pudding, were thediamonds.
as deep down in the earth as the blue stuff extends, so deepwill the diamonds be found.
there are three or four other celebrated craters near by--a circle threemiles in diameter would enclose them all.
they are owned by the de beerscompany, a consolidation of diamond properties arranged by mr. rhodestwelve or fourteen years ago.
the de beers owns other craters; they areunder the grass, but the de beers knows where they are, and will openthem some day, if the market should require it.
originally, the diamond deposits were the property of the orange freestate; but a judicious "rectification" of the boundary line shifted themover into the british territory of cape colony.
a high official of thefree state told me that the sum of $400,000 was handed to hiscommonwealth as a compromise, or indemnity, or something of the sort, andthat he thought his commonwealth did wisely to take the money and keepout of a dispute, since the power was all on the one side and theweakness all on the other.
the de beers company dig out $400,000 worthof diamonds per week, now.
the cape got the territory, but no profit;for mr. rhodes and the rothschilds and the other de beers people own themines, and they pay no taxes.
in our day the mines are worked upon scientific principles, under theguidance of the ablest mining-engineering talent procurable in america.
there are elaborate works for reducing the blue rock and passing itthrough one process after another until every diamond it contains hasbeen hunted down and secured.
i watched the "concentrators" at work bigtanks containing mud and water and invisible diamonds--and was told thateach could stir and churn and properly treat 300 car-loads of mud per day1,600 pounds to the car-load--and reduce it to 3 car-loads of slush.
isaw the 3 carloads of slush taken to the "pulsators" and there reduced toa quarter of a load of nice clean dark-colored sand.
then i followed itto the sorting tables and saw the men deftly and swiftly spread it outand brush it about and seize the diamonds as they showed up.
i assisted,and once i found a diamond half as large as an almond.
it is an excitingkind of fishing, and you feel a fine thrill of pleasure every time youdetect the glow of one of those limpid pebbles through the veil of darksand.
i would like to spend my saturday holidays in that charming sportevery now and then.
of course there are disappointments.
sometimes youfind a diamond which is not a diamond; it is only a quartz crystal orsome such worthless thing.
the expert can generally distinguish it fromthe precious stone which it is counterfeiting; but if he is in doubt helays it on a flatiron and hits it with a sledgehammer.
if it is adiamond it holds its own; if it is anything else, it is reduced topowder.
i liked that experiment very much, and did not tire ofrepetitions of it.
it was full of enjoyable apprehensions, unmarred byany personal sense of risk.
the de beers concern treats 8,000 carloads--about 6,000 tons--of blue rock per day, and the result is three poundsof diamonds.
value, uncut, $50,000 to $70,000.
after cutting, they willweigh considerably less than a pound, but will be worth four or fivetimes as much as they were before.
all the plain around that region is spread over, a foot deep, with bluerock, placed there by the company, and looks like a plowed field.
exposure for a length of time make the rock easier to work than it iswhen it comes out of the mine.
if mining should cease now, the supply ofrock spread over those fields would furnish the usual 8,000 car-loads perday to the separating works during three years.
the fields are fencedand watched; and at night they are under the constant inspection of loftyelectric searchlight.
they contain fifty or sixty million dollars'worth' of diamonds, and there is an abundance of enterprising thievesaround.
in the dirt of the kimberley streets there is much hidden wealth.
sometime ago the people were granted the privilege of a free wash-up.
therewas a general rush, the work was done with thoroughness, and a goodharvest of diamonds was gathered.
the deep mining is done by natives.
there are many hundreds of them.
they live in quarters built around the inside of a great compound.
theyare a jolly and good-natured lot, and accommodating.
they performed awar-dance for us, which was the wildest exhibition i have ever seen.
they are not allowed outside of the compound during their term of servicethree months, i think it is, as a rule.
they go down the shaft, standtheir watch, come up again, are searched, and go to bed or to theiramusements in the compound; and this routine they repeat, day in and dayout.
it is thought that they do not now steal many diamonds successfully.
they used to swallow them, and find other ways of concealing them, butthe white man found ways of beating their various games.
one man cut hisleg and shoved a diamond into the wound, but even that project did notsucceed.
when they find a fine large diamond they are more likely toreport it than to steal it, for in the former case they get a reward, andin the latter they are quite apt to merely get into trouble.
some yearsago, in a mine not owned by the de beers, a black found what has beenclaimed to be the largest diamond known to the world's history; and, as areward he was released from service and given a blanket, a horse, andfive hundred dollars.
it made him a vanderbilt.
he could buy fourwives, and have money left.
four wives are an ample support for anative.
with four wives he is wholly independent, and need never do astroke of work again.
that great diamond weighs 97l carats.
some say it is as big as a pieceof alum, others say it is as large as a bite of rock candy, but the bestauthorities agree that it is almost exactly the size of a chunk of ice.
but those details are not important; and in my opinion not trustworthy.
it has a flaw in it, otherwise it would be of incredible value.
as itis, it is held to be worth $2,000,000.
after cutting it ought to beworth from $5,000,000 to $8,000,000, therefore persons desiring to savemoney should buy it now.
it is owned by a syndicate, and apparentlythere is no satisfactory market for it.
it is earning nothing; it iseating its head off.
up to this time it has made nobody rich but thenative who found it.
he found it in a mine which was being worked by contract.
that is tosay, a company had bought the privilege of taking from the mine 5,000,000carloads of blue-rock, for a sum down and a royalty.
their speculationhad not paid; but on the very day that their privilege ran out thatnative found the $2,000,000-diamond and handed it over to them.
even thediamond culture is not without its romantic episodes.
the koh-i-noor is a large diamond, and valuable; but it cannot compete inthese matters with three which--according to legend--are among the crowntrinkets of portugal and russia.
one of these is held to be worth$20,000,000; another, $25,000,000, and the third something over$28,000,000.
those are truly wonderful diamonds, whether they exist or not; and yetthey are of but little importance by comparison with the one wherewiththe boer wagoner chocked his wheel on that steep grade as heretoforereferred to.
in kimberley i had some conversation with the man who sawthe boer do that--an incident which had occurred twenty-seven ortwenty-eight years before i had my talk with him.
he assured me thatthat diamond's value could have been over a billion dollars, but notunder it.
i believed him, because he had devoted twenty-seven years tohunting for it, and was in a position to know.
a fitting and interesting finish to an examination of the tedious andlaborious and costly processes whereby the diamonds are gotten out of thedeeps of the earth and freed from the base stuffs which imprison them isthe visit to the de beers offices in the town of kimberley, where theresult of each day's mining is brought every day, and, weighed, assorted,valued, and deposited in safes against shipping-day.
an unknown andunaccredited person cannot get into that place; and it seemed apparentfrom the generous supply of warning and protective and prohibitory signsthat were posted all about, that not even the known and accredited cansteal diamonds there without inconvenience.
we saw the day's output--shining little nests of diamonds, distributed afoot apart, along a counter, each nest reposing upon a sheet of whitepaper.
that day's catch was about $70,000 worth.
in the course of ayear half a ton of diamonds pass under the scales there and sleep on thatcounter; the resulting money is $18,000,000 or $20,000,000.
young girls were doing the sorting--a nice, clean, dainty, and probablydistressing employment.
every day ducal incomes sift and sparkle throughthe fingers of those young girls; yet they go to bed at night as poor asthey were when they got up in the morning.
the same thing next day, andall the days.
they are beautiful things, those diamonds, in their native state.
theyare of various shapes; they have flat surfaces, rounded borders, andnever a sharp edge.
they are of all colors and shades of color, fromdewdrop white to actual black; and their smooth and rounded surfaces andcontours, variety of color, and transparent limpidity make them look likepiles of assorted candies.
a very light straw color is their commonesttint.
it seemed to me that these uncut gems must be more beautiful thanany cut ones could be; but when a collection of cut ones was brought out,i saw my mistake.
nothing is so beautiful as a rose diamond with thelight playing through it, except that uncostly thing which is just likeit--wavy sea-water with the sunlight playing through it and striking awhite-sand bottom.
before the middle of july we reached cape town, and the end of ourafrican journeyings.
and well satisfied; for, towering above us wastable mountain--a reminder that we had now seen each and all of the greatfeatures of south africa except mr. cecil rhodes.
i realize that that isa large exception.
i know quite well that whether mr. rhodes is thelofty and worshipful patriot and statesman that multitudes believe him tobe, or satan come again, as the rest of the world account him, he isstill the most imposing figure in the british empire outside of england.
when he stands on the cape of good hope, his shadow falls to the zambesi.
he is the only colonial in the british dominions whose goings and comingsare chronicled and discussed under all the globe's meridians, and whosespeeches, unclipped, are cabled from the ends of the earth; and he is theonly unroyal outsider whose arrival in london can compete for attentionwith an eclipse.
that he is an extraordinary man, and not an accident of fortune, not evenhis dearest south african enemies were willing to deny, so far as i heardthem testify.
the whole south african world seemed to stand in a kind ofshuddering awe of him, friend and enemy alike.
it was as if he weredeputy-god on the one side, deputy-satan on the other, proprietor of thepeople, able to make them or ruin them by his breath, worshiped by many,hated by many, but blasphemed by none among the judicious, and even bythe indiscreet in guarded whispers only.
what is the secret of his formidable supremacy?
one says it is hisprodigious wealth--a wealth whose drippings in salaries and in other wayssupport multitudes and make them his interested and loyal vassals;another says it is his personal magnetism and his persuasive tongue, andthat these hypnotize and make happy slaves of all that drift within thecircle of their influence; another says it is his majestic ideas, hisvast schemes for the territorial aggrandizement of england, his patrioticand unselfish ambition to spread her beneficent protection and her justrule over the pagan wastes of africa and make luminous the africandarkness with the glory of her name; and another says he wants the earthand wants it for his own, and that the belief that he will get it and lethis friends in on the ground floor is the secret that rivets so many eyesupon him and keeps him in the zenith where the view is unobstructed.
one may take his choice.
they are all the same price.
one fact is sure:he keeps his prominence and a vast following, no matter what he does.
he"deceives" the duke of fife--it is the duke's word--but that does notdestroy the duke's loyalty to him.
he tricks the reformers into immensetrouble with his raid, but the most of them believe he meant well.
heweeps over the harshly-taxed johannesburgers and makes them his friends;at the same time he taxes his charter-settlers 50 per cent., and so winstheir affection and their confidence that they are squelched with despairat every rumor that the charter is to be annulled.
he raids and robs andslays and enslaves the matabele and gets worlds of charter-christianapplause for it.
he has beguiled england into buying charter waste paperfor bank of england notes, ton for ton, and the ravished still burnincense to him as the eventual god of plenty.
he has done everything hecould think of to pull himself down to the ground; he has done more thanenough to pull sixteen common-run great men down; yet there he stands, tothis day, upon his dizzy summit under the dome of the sky, an apparentpermanency, the marvel of the time, the mystery of the age, an archangelwith wings to half the world, satan with a tail to the other half.
i admire him, i frankly confess it; and when his time comes i shall buy apiece of the rope for a keepsake.
i have traveled more than anyone else, and i have noticed that even theangels speak english with an accent.
--pudd'nhead wilson's new calendar.
i saw table rock, anyway--a majestic pile.
it is 3,000 feet high.
it isalso 17,000 feet high.
these figures may be relied upon.
i got them incape town from the two best-informed citizens, men who had made tablerock the study of their lives.
and i saw table bay, so named for itslevelness.
i saw the castle--built by the dutch east india company threehundred years ago--where the commanding general lives; i saw st. simon'sbay, where the admiral lives.
i saw the government, also the parliament,where they quarreled in two languages when i was there, and agreed innone.
i saw the club.
i saw and explored the beautiful sea-girt drivesthat wind about the mountains and through the paradise where the villasare: also i saw some of the fine old dutch mansions, pleasant homes ofthe early times, pleasant homes to-day, and enjoyed the privilege oftheir hospitalities.
and just before i sailed i saw in one of them a quaint old picture whichwas a link in a curious romance--a picture of a pale, intellectual youngman in a pink coat with a high black collar.
it was a portrait of dr.james barry, a military surgeon who came out to the cape fifty years agowith his regiment.
he was a wild young fellow, and was guilty of variouskinds of misbehavior.
he was several times reported to headquarters inengland, and it was in each case expected that orders would come out todeal with him promptly and severely, but for some mysterious reason noorders of any kind ever came back--nothing came but just an impressivesilence.
this made him an imposing and uncanny wonder to the town.
next, he was promoted--away up.
he was made medical superintendentgeneral, and transferred to india.
presently he was back at the capeagain and at his escapades once more.
there were plenty of pretty girls,but none of them caught him, none of them could get hold of his heart;evidently he was not a marrying man.
and that was another marvel,another puzzle, and made no end of perplexed talk.
once he was called inthe night, an obstetric service, to do what he could for a woman who wasbelieved to be dying.
he was prompt and scientific, and saved bothmother and child.
there are other instances of record which testify tohis mastership of his profession; and many which testify to his love ofit and his devotion to it.
among other adventures of his was a duel of adesperate sort, fought with swords, at the castle.
he killed his man.
the child heretofore mentioned as having been saved by dr. barry so longago, was named for him, and still lives in cape town.
he had dr.barry's portrait painted, and gave it to the gentleman in whose old dutchhouse i saw it--the quaint figure in pink coat and high black collar.
the story seems to be arriving nowhere.
but that is because i have notfinished.
dr. barry died in cape town 30 years ago.
it was thendiscovered that he was a woman.
the legend goes that enquiries--soon silenced--developed the fact thatshe was a daughter of a great english house, and that that was why hercape wildnesses brought no punishment and got no notice when reported tothe government at home.
her name was an alias.
she had disgracedherself with her people; so she chose to change her name and her sex andtake a new start in the world.
we sailed on the 15th of july in the norman, a beautiful ship, perfectlyappointed.
the voyage to england occupied a short fortnight, without astop except at madeira.
a good and restful voyage for tired people, andthere were several of us.
i seemed to have been lecturing a thousandyears, though it was only a twelvemonth, and a considerable number of theothers were reformers who were fagged out with their five months ofseclusion in the pretoria prison.
our trip around the earth ended at the southampton pier, where weembarked thirteen months before.
it seemed a fine and large thing tohave accomplished--the circumnavigation of this great globe in thatlittle time, and i was privately proud of it.
for a moment.
then came one of those vanity-snubbing astronomical reports from theobservatory-people, whereby it appeared that another great body of lighthad lately flamed up in the remotenesses of space which was traveling ata gait which would enable it to do all that i had done in a minute and ahalf.
human pride is not worth while; there is always something lying inwait to take the wind out of it.
