lakeside was a pleasant little town of five or six thousand inhabitants,and a rather pretty one, too, as towns go in the far west.
it had churchaccommodations for thirty-five thousand, which is the way of the farwest and the south, where everybody is religious, and where each of theprotestant sects is represented and has a plant of its own.
rank wasunknown in lakeside--unconfessed, anyway; everybody knew everybody andhis dog, and a sociable friendliness was the prevailing atmosphere.
saladin foster was book-keeper in the principal store, and the onlyhigh-salaried man of his profession in lakeside.
he was thirty-fiveyears old, now; he had served that store for fourteen years; he hadbegun in his marriage-week at four hundred dollars a year, and hadclimbed steadily up, a hundred dollars a year, for four years; fromthat time forth his wage had remained eight hundred--a handsome figureindeed, and everybody conceded that he was worth it.
his wife, electra, was a capable helpmeet, although--like himself--adreamer of dreams and a private dabbler in romance.
the first thing shedid, after her marriage--child as she was, aged only nineteen--was tobuy an acre of ground on the edge of the town, and pay down the cash forit--twenty-five dollars, all her fortune.
saladin had less, by fifteen.
she instituted a vegetable garden there, got it farmed on shares by thenearest neighbor, and made it pay her a hundred per cent.
out ofsaladin's first year's wage she put thirty dollars in the savings-bank,sixty out of his second, a hundred out of his third, a hundred and fiftyout of his fourth.
his wage went to eight hundred a year, then, andmeantime two children had arrived and increased the expenses, but shebanked two hundred a year from the salary, nevertheless, thenceforth.
when she had been married seven years she built and furnished apretty and comfortable two-thousand-dollar house in the midst of hergarden-acre, paid half of the money down and moved her family in.
sevenyears later she was out of debt and had several hundred dollars outearning its living.
earning it by the rise in landed estate; for she had long ago boughtanother acre or two and sold the most of it at a profit to pleasantpeople who were willing to build, and would be good neighbors andfurnish a general comradeship for herself and her growing family.
shehad an independent income from safe investments of about a hundreddollars a year; her children were growing in years and grace; andshe was a pleased and happy woman.
happy in her husband, happy in herchildren, and the husband and the children were happy in her.
it is atthis point that this history begins.
the youngest girl, clytemnestra--called clytie for short--was eleven;her sister, gwendolen--called gwen for short--was thirteen; nice girls,and comely.
the names betray the latent romance-tinge in the parentalblood, the parents' names indicate that the tinge was an inheritance.
itwas an affectionate family, hence all four of its members had petnames, saladin's was a curious and unsexing one--sally; and so waselectra's--aleck.
all day long sally was a good and diligent book-keeperand salesman; all day long aleck was a good and faithful mother andhousewife, and thoughtful and calculating business woman; but in thecozy living-room at night they put the plodding world away, and lived inanother and a fairer, reading romances to each other, dreaming dreams,comrading with kings and princes and stately lords and ladies in theflash and stir and splendor of noble palaces and grim and ancientcastles.
now came great news!
stunning news--joyous news, in fact.
it came from aneighboring state, where the family's only surviving relative lived.
itwas sally's relative--a sort of vague and indefinite uncle or secondor third cousin by the name of tilbury foster, seventy and a bachelor,reputed well off and corresponding sour and crusty.
sally had tried tomake up to him once, by letter, in a bygone time, and had not made thatmistake again.
tilbury now wrote to sally, saying he should shortly die,and should leave him thirty thousand dollars, cash; not for love, butbecause money had given him most of his troubles and exasperations, andhe wished to place it where there was good hope that it would continueits malignant work.
the bequest would be found in his will, and would bepaid over.
provided, that sally should be able to prove to the executorsthat he had taken no notice of the gift by spoken word or by letter,had made no inquiries concerning the moribund's progress toward theeverlasting tropics, and had not attended the funeral.
as soon as aleck had partially recovered from the tremendous emotionscreated by the letter, she sent to the relative's habitat and subscribedfor the local paper.
man and wife entered into a solemn compact, now, to never mention thegreat news to any one while the relative lived, lest some ignorantperson carry the fact to the death-bed and distort it and make it appearthat they were disobediently thankful for the bequest, and just thesame as confessing it and publishing it, right in the face of theprohibition.
for the rest of the day sally made havoc and confusion with his books,and aleck could not keep her mind on her affairs, not even take up aflower-pot or book or a stick of wood without forgetting what she hadintended to do with it.
for both were dreaming.
"thir-ty thousand dollars!"
all day long the music of those inspiring words sang through thosepeople's heads.
from his marriage-day forth, aleck's grip had been upon the purse, andsally had seldom known what it was to be privileged to squander a dimeon non-necessities.
"thir-ty thousand dollars!"
the song went on and on.
a vast sum, anunthinkable sum!
all day long aleck was absorbed in planning how to invest it, sally inplanning how to spend it.
there was no romance-reading that night.
the children took themselvesaway early, for their parents were silent, distraught, and strangelyunentertaining.
the good-night kisses might as well have been impressedupon vacancy, for all the response they got; the parents were not awareof the kisses, and the children had been gone an hour beforetheir absence was noticed.
two pencils had been busy during thathour--note-making; in the way of plans.
it was sally who broke thestillness at last.
he said, with exultation:"ah, it'll be grand, aleck!
out of the first thousand we'll have a horseand a buggy for summer, and a cutter and a skin lap-robe for winter."
aleck responded with decision and composure--"out of the capital?
nothing of the kind.
not if it was a million!"
sally was deeply disappointed; the glow went out of his face.
he said, reproachfully.
"we've always worked so hard andbeen so scrimped: and now that we are rich, it does seem--"he did not finish, for he saw her eye soften; his supplication hadtouched her.
she said, with gentle persuasiveness:"we must not spend the capital, dear, it would not be wise.
out of theincome from it--""that will answer, that will answer, aleck!
how dear and good you are!
there will be a noble income and if we can spend that--""not all of it, dear, not all of it, but you can spend a part of it.
that is, a reasonable part.
but the whole of the capital--every pennyof it--must be put right to work, and kept at it.
you see thereasonableness of that, don't you?"
"why, ye-s. yes, of course.
but we'll have to wait so long.
six monthsbefore the first interest falls due."
don't they pay half-yearly?"
"that kind of an investment--yes; but i sha'n't invest in that way."
"what way, then?"
"for big returns."
go on, aleck.
what is it?"
the new mines.
i mean to put in ten thousand.
when we organize, we'll get three shares for one."
"by george, but it sounds good, aleck!
then the shares will beworth--how much?
"about a year.
they'll pay ten per cent.
half yearly, and be worththirty thousand.
i know all about it; the advertisement is in thecincinnati paper here."
"land, thirty thousand for ten--in a year!
let's jam in thewhole capital and pull out ninety!
i'll write and subscribe rightnow--tomorrow it maybe too late."
he was flying to the writing-desk, but aleck stopped him and put himback in his chair.
she said:"don't lose your head so.
we mustn't subscribe till we've got the money;don't you know that?"
sally's excitement went down a degree or two, but he was not whollyappeased.
"why, aleck, we'll have it, you know--and so soon, too.
he's probablyout of his troubles before this; it's a hundred to nothing he'sselecting his brimstone-shovel this very minute.
now, i think--"aleck shuddered, and said:"how can you, sally!
don't talk in that way, it is perfectlyscandalous."
"oh, well, make it a halo, if you like, _i_ don't care for his outfit, iwas only just talking.
can't you let a person talk?"
"but why should you want to talk in that dreadful way?
how would youlike to have people talk so about you, and you not cold yet?"
"not likely to be, for one while, i reckon, if my last act was givingaway money for the sake of doing somebody a harm with it.
but never mindabout tilbury, aleck, let's talk about something worldly.
it does seemto me that that mine is the place for the whole thirty.
"all the eggs in one basket--that's the objection."
"all right, if you say so.
what about the other twenty?
what do you meanto do with that?"
"there is no hurry; i am going to look around before i do anything withit."
"all right, if your mind's made up," signed sally.
he was deep inthought awhile, then he said:"there'll be twenty thousand profit coming from the ten a year from now.
we can spend that, can we, aleck?"
aleck shook her head.
"no, dear," she said, "it won't sell high till we've had the firstsemi-annual dividend.
you can spend part of that."
"shucks, only that--and a whole year to wait!
confound it, i--""oh, do be patient!
it might even be declared in three months--it'squite within the possibilities."
and sally jumped up and kissed his wife ingratitude.
"it'll be three thousand--three whole thousand!
how muchof it can we spend, aleck?
make it liberal!--do, dear, that's a goodfellow."
aleck was pleased; so pleased that she yielded to the pressure andconceded a sum which her judgment told her was a foolish extravagance--athousand dollars.
sally kissed her half a dozen times and even in thatway could not express all his joy and thankfulness.
this new accessof gratitude and affection carried aleck quite beyond the bounds ofprudence, and before she could restrain herself she had made her darlinganother grant--a couple of thousand out of the fifty or sixty which shemeant to clear within a year of the twenty which still remained of thebequest.
the happy tears sprang to sally's eyes, and he said:"oh, i want to hug you!"
and he did it.
then he got his notes and satdown and began to check off, for first purchase, the luxuries whichhe should earliest wish to secure.
"horse--buggy--cutter--lap-robe--patent-leathers--dog--plug-hat--church-pew--stem-winder--new teeth--say, aleck!"
"ciphering away, aren't you?
have you got the twentythousand invested yet?"
"no, there's no hurry about that; i must look around first, and think."
"but you are ciphering; what's it about?"
"why, i have to find work for the thirty thousand that comes out of thecoal, haven't i?"
"scott, what a head!
i never thought of that.
how are you getting along?
where have you arrived?"
"not very far--two years or three.
i've turned it over twice; once inoil and once in wheat."
"why, aleck, it's splendid!
how does it aggregate?"
"i think--well, to be on the safe side, about a hundred and eightythousand clear, though it will probably be more."
isn't it wonderful?
luck has come our way at last,after all the hard sledding, aleck!"
"i'm going to cash in a whole three hundred on the missionaries--whatreal right have we care for expenses!"
"you couldn't do a nobler thing, dear; and it's just like your generousnature, you unselfish boy."
the praise made sally poignantly happy, but he was fair and just enoughto say it was rightfully due to aleck rather than to himself, since butfor her he should never have had the money.
then they went up to bed, and in their delirium of bliss they forgot andleft the candle burning in the parlor.
they did not remember until theywere undressed; then sally was for letting it burn; he said they couldafford it, if it was a thousand.
but aleck went down and put it out.
a good job, too; for on her way back she hit on a scheme that would turnthe hundred and eighty thousand into half a million before it had hadtime to get cold.
the little newspaper which aleck had subscribed for was a thursdaysheet; it would make the trip of five hundred miles from tilbury'svillage and arrive on saturday.
tilbury's letter had started on friday,more than a day too late for the benefactor to die and get into thatweek's issue, but in plenty of time to make connection for the nextoutput.
thus the fosters had to wait almost a complete week to find outwhether anything of a satisfactory nature had happened to him or not.
it was a long, long week, and the strain was a heavy one.
the pair couldhardly have borne it if their minds had not had the relief of wholesomediversion.
we have seen that they had that.
the woman was piling upfortunes right along, the man was spending them--spending all his wifewould give him a chance at, at any rate.
at last the saturday came, and the weekly sagamore arrived.
mrs. everslybennett was present.
she was the presbyterian parson's wife, and wasworking the fosters for a charity.
talk now died a sudden death--on thefoster side.
mrs. bennett presently discovered that her hosts were nothearing a word she was saying; so she got up, wondering and indignant,and went away.
the moment she was out of the house, aleck eagerly torethe wrapper from the paper, and her eyes and sally's swept the columnsfor the death-notices.
tilbury was not anywherementioned.
aleck was a christian from the cradle, and duty and the forceof habit required her to go through the motions.
she pulled herselftogether and said, with a pious two-per-cent.
trade joyousness:"let us be humbly thankful that he has been spared; and--""damn his treacherous hide, i wish--""sally!
"i don't care!"
retorted the angry man.
"it's the way you feel, and ifyou weren't so immorally pious you'd be honest and say so."
aleck said, with wounded dignity:"i do not see how you can say such unkind and unjust things.
there is nosuch thing as immoral piety."
sally felt a pang, but tried to conceal it under a shuffling attempt tosave his case by changing the form of it--as if changing the form whileretaining the juice could deceive the expert he was trying to placate.
he said:"i didn't mean so bad as that, aleck; i didn't really mean immoralpiety, i only meant--meant--well, conventional piety, you know; er--shoppiety; the--the--why, you know what i mean.
aleck--the--well, whereyou put up that plated article and play it for solid, you know, withoutintending anything improper, but just out of trade habit, ancientpolicy, petrified custom, loyalty to--to--hang it, i can't find theright words, but you know what i mean, aleck, and that there isn't anyharm in it.
i'll try again.
you see, it's this way.
if a person--""you have said quite enough," said aleck, coldly; "let the subject bedropped."
"i'm willing," fervently responded sally, wiping the sweat from hisforehead and looking the thankfulness he had no words for.
then,musingly, he apologized to himself.
"i certainly held threes--i knowit--but i drew and didn't fill.
that's where i'm so often weak inthe game.
if i had stood pat--but i didn't.
i never do.
i don't knowenough."
confessedly defeated, he was properly tame now and subdued.
aleckforgave him with her eyes.
the grand interest, the supreme interest, came instantly to the frontagain; nothing could keep it in the background many minutes on astretch.
the couple took up the puzzle of the absence of tilbury'sdeath-notice.
they discussed it every which way, more or less hopefully,but they had to finish where they began, and concede that the onlyreally sane explanation of the absence of the notice must be--andwithout doubt was--that tilbury was not dead.
there was something sadabout it, something even a little unfair, maybe, but there it was, andhad to be put up with.
they were agreed as to that.
to sally it seemeda strangely inscrutable dispensation; more inscrutable than usual, hethought; one of the most unnecessary inscrutable he could call to mind,in fact--and said so, with some feeling; but if he was hoping to drawaleck he failed; she reserved her opinion, if she had one; she had notthe habit of taking injudicious risks in any market, worldly or other.
the pair must wait for next week's paper--tilbury had evidentlypostponed.
that was their thought and their decision.
so they put thesubject away and went about their affairs again with as good heart asthey could.
now, if they had but known it, they had been wronging tilbury all thetime.
tilbury had kept faith, kept it to the letter; he was dead, he haddied to schedule.
he was dead more than four days now and used to it;entirely dead, perfectly dead, as dead as any other new person in thecemetery; dead in abundant time to get into that week's sagamore, too,and only shut out by an accident; an accident which could not happento a metropolitan journal, but which happens easily to a poor littlevillage rag like the sagamore.
on this occasion, just as the editorialpage was being locked up, a gratis quart of strawberry ice-water arrivedfrom hostetter's ladies and gents ice-cream parlors, and the stickful ofrather chilly regret over tilbury's translation got crowded out to makeroom for the editor's frantic gratitude.
on its way to the standing-galley tilbury's notice got pied.
otherwiseit would have gone into some future edition, for weekly sagamores donot waste "live" matter, and in their galleys "live" matter is immortal,unless a pi accident intervenes.
but a thing that gets pied is dead, andfor such there is no resurrection; its chance of seeing print is gone,forever and ever.
and so, let tilbury like it or not, let him rave inhis grave to his fill, no matter--no mention of his death would ever seethe light in the weekly sagamore.
five weeks drifted tediously along.
the sagamore arrived regularly onthe saturdays, but never once contained a mention of tilbury foster.
sally's patience broke down at this point, and he said, resentfully:"damn his livers, he's immortal!"
aleck give him a very severe rebuke, and added with icy solemnity:"how would you feel if you were suddenly cut out just after such anawful remark had escaped out of you?"
without sufficient reflection sally responded:"i'd feel i was lucky i hadn't got caught with it in me."
pride had forced him to say something, and as he could not think of anyrational thing to say he flung that out.
then he stole a base--as hecalled it--that is, slipped from the presence, to keep from being brayedin his wife's discussion-mortar.
six months came and went.
the sagamore was still silent about tilbury.
meantime, sally had several times thrown out a feeler--that is, a hintthat he would like to know.
aleck had ignored the hints.
sally nowresolved to brace up and risk a frontal attack.
so he squarely proposedto disguise himself and go to tilbury's village and surreptitiously findout as to the prospects.
aleck put her foot on the dangerous projectwith energy and decision.
she said:"what can you be thinking of?
you do keep my hands full!
you have to bewatched all the time, like a little child, to keep you from walking intothe fire.
you'll stay right where you are!"
"why, aleck, i could do it and not be found out--i'm certain of it."
"sally foster, don't you know you would have to inquire around?"
"of course, but what of it?
nobody would suspect who i was."
"oh, listen to the man!
some day you've got to prove to the executorsthat you never inquired.
he had forgotten that detail.
he didn't reply; there wasn't anything tosay.
aleck added:"now then, drop that notion out of your mind, and don't ever meddle withit again.
tilbury set that trap for you.
don't you know it's a trap?
heis on the watch, and fully expecting you to blunder into it.
well, he isgoing to be disappointed--at least while i am on deck.
"as long as you live, if it's a hundred years, don't you ever make aninquiry.
"all right," with a sigh and reluctantly.
then aleck softened and said:"don't be impatient.
we are prospering; we can wait; there is no hurry.
our small dead-certain income increases all the time; and as to futures,i have not made a mistake yet--they are piling up by the thousands andtens of thousands.
there is not another family in the state with suchprospects as ours.
already we are beginning to roll in eventual wealth.
you know that, don't you?"
"yes, aleck, it's certainly so."
"then be grateful for what god is doing for us and stop worrying.
you donot believe we could have achieved these prodigious results without hisspecial help and guidance, do you?"
hesitatingly, "n-no, i suppose not."
then, with feeling and admiration,"and yet, when it comes to judiciousness in watering a stock or puttingup a hand to skin wall street i don't give in that you need any outsideamateur help, if i do wish i--""oh, do shut up!
i know you do not mean any harm or any irreverence,poor boy, but you can't seem to open your mouth without letting outthings to make a person shudder.
you keep me in constant dread.
for youand for all of us.
once i had no fear of the thunder, but now when ihear it i--"her voice broke, and she began to cry, and could not finish.
the sightof this smote sally to the heart and he took her in his arms and pettedher and comforted her and promised better conduct, and upbraided himselfand remorsefully pleaded for forgiveness.
and he was in earnest, andsorry for what he had done and ready for any sacrifice that could makeup for it.
and so, in privacy, he thought long and deeply over the matter,resolving to do what should seem best.
it was easy to promise reform;indeed he had already promised it.
but would that do any real good, anypermanent good?
no, it would be but temporary--he knew his weakness,and confessed it to himself with sorrow--he could not keep the promise.
something surer and better must be devised; and he devised it.
atcost of precious money which he had long been saving up, shilling byshilling, he put a lightning-rod on the house.
at a subsequent time he relapsed.
what miracles habit can do!
and how quickly and how easily habits areacquired--both trifling habits and habits which profoundly change us.
if by accident we wake at two in the morning a couple of nights insuccession, we have need to be uneasy, for another repetition can turnthe accident into a habit; and a month's dallying with whiskey--but weall know these commonplace facts.
the castle-building habit, the day-dreaming habit--how it grows!
what aluxury it becomes; how we fly to its enchantments at every idle moment,how we revel in them, steep our souls in them, intoxicate ourselves withtheir beguiling fantasies--oh yes, and how soon and how easily our dreamlife and our material life become so intermingled and so fused togetherthat we can't quite tell which is which, any more.
by and by aleck subscribed to a chicago daily and for the wall streetpointer.
with an eye single to finance she studied these as diligentlyall the week as she studied her bible sundays.
sally was lost inadmiration, to note with what swift and sure strides her genius andjudgment developed and expanded in the forecasting and handling of thesecurities of both the material and spiritual markets.
he was proud ofher nerve and daring in exploiting worldly stocks, and just as proud ofher conservative caution in working her spiritual deals.
he noted thatshe never lost her head in either case; that with a splendid courageshe often went short on worldly futures, but heedfully drew the linethere--she was always long on the others.
her policy was quite sane andsimple, as she explained it to him: what she put into earthly futureswas for speculation, what she put into spiritual futures was forinvestment; she was willing to go into the one on a margin, and takechances, but in the case of the other, "margin her no margins"--shewanted to cash in a hundred cents per dollar's worth, and have the stocktransferred on the books.
it took but a very few months to educate aleck's imagination andsally's.
each day's training added something to the spread andeffectiveness of the two machines.
as a consequence, aleck madeimaginary money much faster than at first she had dreamed of making it,and sally's competency in spending the overflow of it kept pace with thestrain put upon it, right along.
in the beginning, aleck had given thecoal speculation a twelvemonth in which to materialize, and had beenloath to grant that this term might possibly be shortened by ninemonths.
but that was the feeble work, the nursery work, of a financialfancy that had had no teaching, no experience, no practice.
theseaids soon came, then that nine months vanished, and the imaginaryten-thousand-dollar investment came marching home with three hundred percent.
profit on its back!
it was a great day for the pair of fosters.
they were speechless forjoy.
also speechless for another reason: after much watching of themarket, aleck had lately, with fear and trembling, made her first flyeron a "margin," using the remaining twenty thousand of the bequestin this risk.
in her mind's eye she had seen it climb, point bypoint--always with a chance that the market would break--until at lasther anxieties were too great for further endurance--she being new tothe margin business and unhardened, as yet--and she gave her imaginarybroker an imaginary order by imaginary telegraph to sell.
she said fortythousand dollars' profit was enough.
the sale was made on the very daythat the coal venture had returned with its rich freight.
as i havesaid, the couple were speechless, they sat dazed and blissful thatnight, trying to realize that they were actually worth a hundredthousand dollars in clean, imaginary cash.
yet so it was.
it was the last time that ever aleck was afraid of a margin; at leastafraid enough to let it break her sleep and pale her cheek to the extentthat this first experience in that line had done.
indeed it was a memorable night.
gradually the realization that theywere rich sank securely home into the souls of the pair, then they beganto place the money.
if we could have looked out through the eyes ofthese dreamers, we should have seen their tidy little wooden housedisappear, and two-story brick with a cast-iron fence in front of ittake its place; we should have seen a three-globed gas-chandelier growdown from the parlor ceiling; we should have seen the homely rag carpetturn to noble brussels, a dollar and a half a yard; we should have seenthe plebeian fireplace vanish away and a recherche, big base-burner withisinglass windows take position and spread awe around.
and we shouldhave seen other things, too; among them the buggy, the lap-robe, thestove-pipe hat, and so on.
from that time forth, although the daughters and the neighbors saw onlythe same old wooden house there, it was a two-story brick to aleckand sally and not a night went by that aleck did not worry about theimaginary gas-bills, and get for all comfort sally's reckless retort:"what of it?
we can afford it."
before the couple went to bed, that first night that they were rich,they had decided that they must celebrate.
they must give a party--thatwas the idea.
but how to explain it--to the daughters and the neighbors?
they could not expose the fact that they were rich.
sally was willing,even anxious, to do it; but aleck kept her head and would not allow it.
she said that although the money was as good as in, it would be as wellto wait until it was actually in.
on that policy she took her stand, andwould not budge.
the great secret must be kept, she said--kept from thedaughters and everybody else.
the pair were puzzled.
they must celebrate, they were determined tocelebrate, but since the secret must be kept, what could they celebrate?
no birthdays were due for three months.
tilbury wasn't available,evidently he was going to live forever; what the nation could theycelebrate?
that was sally's way of putting it; and he was gettingimpatient, too, and harassed.
but at last he hit it--just by sheerinspiration, as it seemed to him--and all their troubles were gone in amoment; they would celebrate the discovery of america.
a splendid idea!
aleck was almost too proud of sally for words--she said she never wouldhave thought of it.
but sally, although he was bursting with delight inthe compliment and with wonder at himself, tried not to let on, and saidit wasn't really anything, anybody could have done it.
whereat aleck,with a prideful toss of her happy head, said:"oh, certainly!
anybody could--oh, anybody!
hosannah dilkins, forinstance!
or maybe adelbert peanut--oh, dear--yes!
well, i'd like tosee them try it, that's all.
dear-me-suz, if they could think of thediscovery of a forty-acre island it's more than _i_ believe they could;and as for the whole continent, why, sally foster, you know perfectlywell it would strain the livers and lights out of them and then theycouldn't!"
the dear woman, she knew he had talent; and if affection made herover-estimate the size of it a little, surely it was a sweet and gentlecrime, and forgivable for its source's sake.
the celebration went off well.
the friends were all present, both theyoung and the old.
among the young were flossie and gracie peanut andtheir brother adelbert, who was a rising young journeyman tinner,also hosannah dilkins, jr., journeyman plasterer, just out of hisapprenticeship.
for many months adelbert and hosannah had been showinginterest in gwendolen and clytemnestra foster, and the parents of thegirls had noticed this with private satisfaction.
but they suddenlyrealized now that that feeling had passed.
they recognized that thechanged financial conditions had raised up a social bar betweentheir daughters and the young mechanics.
the daughters could now lookhigher--and must.
they need marry nothing below the grade oflawyer or merchant; poppa and momma would take care of this; there mustbe no mesalliances.
however, these thinkings and projects of their were private, and did notshow on the surface, and therefore threw no shadow upon the celebration.
what showed upon the surface was a serene and lofty contentment anda dignity of carriage and gravity of deportment which compelled theadmiration and likewise the wonder of the company.
all noticed it andall commented upon it, but none was able to divine the secret of it.
it was a marvel and a mystery.
three several persons remarked, withoutsuspecting what clever shots they were making:"it's as if they'd come into property."
that was just it, indeed.
most mothers would have taken hold of the matrimonial matter in theold regulation way; they would have given the girls a talking to, ofa solemn sort and untactful--a lecture calculated to defeat its ownpurpose, by producing tears and secret rebellion; and the said motherswould have further damaged the business by requesting the youngmechanics to discontinue their attentions.
but this mother wasdifferent.
she was practical.
she said nothing to any of the youngpeople concerned, nor to any one else except sally.
he listened to herand understood; understood and admired.
he said:"i get the idea.
instead of finding fault with the samples on view,thus hurting feelings and obstructing trade without occasion, you merelyoffer a higher class of goods for the money, and leave nature to takeher course.
it's wisdom, aleck, solid wisdom, and sound as a nut.
have you nominated him yet?"
no, she hadn't.
they must look the market over--which they did.
to startwith, they considered and discussed brandish, rising young lawyer, andfulton, rising young dentist.
sally must invite them to dinner.
but notright away; there was no hurry, aleck said.
keep an eye on the pair, andwait; nothing would be lost by going slowly in so important a matter.
it turned out that this was wisdom, too; for inside of three weeks aleckmade a wonderful strike which swelled her imaginary hundred thousandto four hundred thousand of the same quality.
she and sally were in theclouds that evening.
for the first time they introduced champagne atdinner.
not real champagne, but plenty real enough for the amount ofimagination expended on it.
it was sally that did it, and aleck weaklysubmitted.
at bottom both were troubled and ashamed, for he was ahigh-up son of temperance, and at funerals wore an apron which no dogcould look upon and retain his reason and his opinion; and she was aw. c. t. u., with all that that implies of boiler-iron virtue andunendurable holiness.
but there is was; the pride of riches wasbeginning its disintegrating work.
they had lived to prove, once more,a sad truth which had been proven many times before in the world: thatwhereas principle is a great and noble protection against showy anddegrading vanities and vices, poverty is worth six of it.
more thanfour hundred thousand dollars to the good.
they took up the matrimonialmatter again.
neither the dentist nor the lawyer was mentioned; therewas no occasion, they were out of the running.
theydiscussed the son of the pork-packer and the son of the village banker.
but finally, as in the previous case, they concluded to wait and think,and go cautiously and sure.
luck came their way again.
aleck, ever watchful saw a great and riskychance, and took a daring flyer.
a time of trembling, of doubt, of awfuluneasiness followed, for non-success meant absolute ruin and nothingshort of it.
then came the result, and aleck, faint with joy, couldhardly control her voice when she said:"the suspense is over, sally--and we are worth a cold million!"
sally wept for gratitude, and said:"oh, electra, jewel of women, darling of my heart, we are free at last,we roll in wealth, we need never scrimp again.
it's a case for veuvecliquot!"
and he got out a pint of spruce-beer and made sacrifice, hesaying "damn the expense," and she rebuking him gently with reproachfulbut humid and happy eyes.
they shelved the pork-packer's son and the banker's son, and sat down toconsider the governor's son and the son of the congressman.
it were a weariness to follow in detail the leaps and bounds the fosterfictitious finances took from this time forth.
it was marvelous, itwas dizzying, it was dazzling.
everything aleck touched turned to fairygold, and heaped itself glittering toward the firmament.
millions uponmillions poured in, and still the mighty stream flowed thunderingalong, still its vast volume increased.
five millions--tenmillions--twenty--thirty--was there never to be an end?
two years swept by in a splendid delirium, the intoxicated fostersscarcely noticing the flight of time.
they were now worth threehundred million dollars; they were in every board of directors of everyprodigious combine in the country; and still as time drifted along, themillions went on piling up, five at a time, ten at a time, as fast asthey could tally them off, almost.
the three hundred double itself--thendoubled again--and yet again--and yet once more.
twenty-four hundred millions!
the business was getting a little confused.
it was necessary to take anaccount of stock, and straighten it out.
the fosters knew it, they feltit, they realized that it was imperative; but they also knew that to doit properly and perfectly the task must be carried to a finish withouta break when once it was begun.
a ten-hours' job; and where could theyfind ten leisure hours in a bunch?
sally was selling pins and sugar andcalico all day and every day; aleck was cooking and washing dishes andsweeping and making beds all day and every day, with none to help, forthe daughters were being saved up for high society.
the fosters knewthere was one way to get the ten hours, and only one.
both were ashamedto name it; each waited for the other to do it.
finally sally said:"somebody's got to give in.
it's up to me.
consider that i've namedit--never mind pronouncing it out aloud."
aleck colored, but was grateful.
without further remark, they fell.
fell, and--broke the sabbath.
for that was their only free ten-hourstretch.
it was but another step in the downward path.
vast wealth has temptations which fatally and surely underminethe moral structure of persons not habituated to its possession.
they pulled down the shades and broke the sabbath.
with hard and patientlabor they overhauled their holdings and listed them.
and a long-drawnprocession of formidable names it was!
starting with the railwaysystems, steamer lines, standard oil, ocean cables, diluted telegraph,and all the rest, and winding up with klondike, de beers, tammany graft,and shady privileges in the post-office department.
twenty-four hundred millions, and all safely planted in good things,gilt-edged and interest-bearing.
income, $120,000,000 a year.
aleckfetched a long purr of soft delight, and said:"is it enough?"
"it is, aleck."
"what shall we do?"
"retire from business?"
"i am agreed.
the good work is finished; we will take a long rest andenjoy the money."
"how much of the income can we spend?"
"the whole of it."
it seemed to her husband that a ton of chains fell from his limbs.
hedid not say a word; he was happy beyond the power of speech.
after that, they broke the sabbaths right along as fast as they turnedup.
it is the first wrong step that counts.
every sunday they put in thewhole day, after morning service, on inventions--inventions of ways tospend the money.
they got to continuing this delicious dissipation untilpast midnight; and at every seance aleck lavished millions upon greatcharities and religious enterprises, and sally lavished like sums uponmatters to which (at first) he gave definite names.
only at first.
laterthe names gradually lost sharpness of outline, and eventually faded into"sundries," thus becoming entirely--but safely--undescriptive.
for sallywas crumbling.
the placing of these millions added seriously and mostuncomfortably to the family expenses--in tallow candles.
for a whilealeck was worried.
then, after a little, she ceased to worry, forthe occasion of it was gone.
she was pained, she was grieved, she wasashamed; but she said nothing, and so became an accessory.
sally wastaking candles; he was robbing the store.
it is ever thus.
vast wealth,to the person unaccustomed to it, is a bane; it eats into the flesh andbone of his morals.
when the fosters were poor, they could have beentrusted with untold candles.
but now they--but let us not dwell upon it.
from candles to apples is but a step: sally got to taking apples; thensoap; then maple-sugar; then canned goods; then crockery.
how easy itis to go from bad to worse, when once we have started upon a downwardcourse!
meantime, other effects had been milestoning the course of the fosters'splendid financial march.
the fictitious brick dwelling had given placeto an imaginary granite one with a checker-board mansard roof; in timethis one disappeared and gave place to a still grander home--and so onand so on.
mansion after mansion, made of air, rose, higher, broader,finer, and each in its turn vanished away; until now in these lattergreat days, our dreamers were in fancy housed, in a distant region, in asumptuous vast palace which looked out from a leafy summit upon anoble prospect of vale and river and receding hills steeped in tintedmists--and all private, all the property of the dreamers; a palaceswarming with liveried servants, and populous with guests of fame andpower, hailing from all the world's capitals, foreign and domestic.
this palace was far, far away toward the rising sun, immeasurablyremote, astronomically remote, in newport, rhode island, holy land ofhigh society, ineffable domain of the american aristocracy.
as a rulethey spent a part of every sabbath--after morning service--in thissumptuous home, the rest of it they spent in europe, or in dawdlingaround in their private yacht.
six days of sordid and plodding fact lifeat home on the ragged edge of lakeside and straitened means, the seventhin fairyland--such had been their program and their habit.
in their sternly restricted fact life they remained as of old--plodding,diligent, careful, practical, economical.
they stuck loyally to thelittle presbyterian church, and labored faithfully in its interestsand stood by its high and tough doctrines with all their mental andspiritual energies.
but in their dream life they obeyed the invitationsof their fancies, whatever they might be, and howsoever the fanciesmight change.
aleck's fancies were not very capricious, and notfrequent, but sally's scattered a good deal.
aleck, in her dream life,went over to the episcopal camp, on account of its large officialtitles; next she became high-church on account of the candles and shows;and next she naturally changed to rome, where there were cardinals andmore candles.
but these excursions were a nothing to sally's.
his dreamlife was a glowing and continuous and persistent excitement, and he keptevery part of it fresh and sparkling by frequent changes, the religiouspart along with the rest.
he worked his religions hard, and changed themwith his shirt.
the liberal spendings of the fosters upon their fancies began earlyin their prosperities, and grew in prodigality step by step with theiradvancing fortunes.
in time they became truly enormous.
aleck builta university or two per sunday; also a hospital or two; also a rowtonhotel or so; also a batch of churches; now and then a cathedral; andonce, with untimely and ill-chosen playfulness, sally said, "it wasa cold day when she didn't ship a cargo of missionaries to persuadeunreflecting chinamen to trade off twenty-four carat confucianism forcounterfeit christianity."
this rude and unfeeling language hurt aleck to the heart, and she wentfrom the presence crying.
that spectacle went to his own heart, and inhis pain and shame he would have given worlds to have those unkind wordsback.
she had uttered no syllable of reproach--and that cut him.
not onesuggestion that he look at his own record--and she could have made, oh,so many, and such blistering ones!
her generous silence brought a swiftrevenge, for it turned his thoughts upon himself, it summoned beforehim a spectral procession, a moving vision of his life as he had beenleading it these past few years of limitless prosperity, and as hesat there reviewing it his cheeks burned and his soul was steeped inhumiliation.
look at her life--how fair it was, and tending ever upward;and look at his own--how frivolous, how charged with mean vanities,how selfish, how empty, how ignoble!
and its trend--never upward, butdownward, ever downward!
he instituted comparisons between her record and his own.
he had foundfault with her--so he mused--he!
and what could he say for himself?
when she built her first church what was he doing?
gathering other blasemultimillionaires into a poker club; defiling his own palace with it;losing hundreds of thousands to it at every sitting, and sillily vain ofthe admiring notoriety it made for him.
when she was building herfirst university, what was he doing?
polluting himself with a gayand dissipated secret life in the company of other fast bloods,multimillionaires in money and paupers in character.
when she wasbuilding her first foundling asylum, what was he doing?
when shewas projecting her noble society for the purifying of the sex, what washe doing?
ah, what, indeed!
when she and the w. c. t. u. and the womanwith the hatchet, moving with resistless march, were sweeping the fatalbottle from the land, what was he doing?
getting drunk three times aday.
when she, builder of a hundred cathedrals, was being gratefullywelcomed and blest in papal rome and decorated with the golden rosewhich she had so honorably earned, what was he doing?
breaking the bankat monte carlo.
he could go no farther; he could not bear the rest.
he roseup, with a great resolution upon his lips: this secret life should berevealing, and confessed; no longer would he live it clandestinely, hewould go and tell her all.
and that is what he did.
he told her all; and wept upon her bosom; wept,and moaned, and begged for her forgiveness.
it was a profound shock, andshe staggered under the blow, but he was her own, the core of her heart,the blessing of her eyes, her all in all, she could deny him nothing,and she forgave him.
she felt that he could never again be quite to herwhat he had been before; she knew that he could only repent, and notreform; yet all morally defaced and decayed as he was, was he not herown, her very own, the idol of her deathless worship?
she said she washis serf, his slave, and she opened her yearning heart and took him in.
one sunday afternoon some time after this they were sailing the summerseas in their dream yacht, and reclining in lazy luxury under the awningof the after-deck.
there was silence, for each was busy with his ownthoughts.
these seasons of silence had insensibly been growing moreand more frequent of late; the old nearness and cordiality were waning.
sally's terrible revelation had done its work; aleck had tried hard todrive the memory of it out of her mind, but it would not go, and theshame and bitterness of it were poisoning her gracious dream life.
shecould see now (on sundays) that her husband was becoming a bloated andrepulsive thing.
she could not close her eyes to this, and in these daysshe no longer looked at him, sundays, when she could help it.
but she--was she herself without blemish?
alas, she knew she was not.
she was keeping a secret from him, she was acting dishonorably towardhim, and many a pang it was costing her.
she was breaking the compact,and concealing it from him.
under strong temptation she had gone intobusiness again; she had risked their whole fortune in a purchase of allthe railway systems and coal and steel companies in the country on amargin, and she was now trembling, every sabbath hour, lest through somechance word of hers he find it out.
in her misery and remorse for thistreachery she could not keep her heart from going out to him in pity;she was filled with compunctions to see him lying there, drunk andcontented, and ever suspecting.
never suspecting--trusting her witha perfect and pathetic trust, and she holding over him by a thread apossible calamity of so devastating a--"say--aleck?"
the interrupting words brought her suddenly to herself.
she was gratefulto have that persecuting subject from her thoughts, and she answered,with much of the old-time tenderness in her tone:"yes, dear."
"do you know, aleck, i think we are making a mistake--that is, youare.
i mean about the marriage business."
he sat up, fat and froggy andbenevolent, like a bronze buddha, and grew earnest.
"consider--it's morethan five years.
you've continued the same policy from the start: withevery rise, always holding on for five points higher.
always when ithink we are going to have some weddings, you see a bigger thing ahead,and i undergo another disappointment.
_i_ think you are too hard toplease.
some day we'll get left.
first, we turned down the dentist andthe lawyer.
that was all right--it was sound.
next, we turned down thebanker's son and the pork-butcher's heir--right again, and sound.
next,we turned down the congressman's son and the governor's--right asa trivet, i confess it.
next the senator's son and the son of thevice-president of the united states--perfectly right, there's nopermanency about those little distinctions.
then you went for thearistocracy; and i thought we had struck oil at last--yes.
we wouldmake a plunge at the four hundred, and pull in some ancient lineage,venerable, holy, ineffable, mellow with the antiquity of a hundred andfifty years, disinfected of the ancestral odors of salt-cod and peltsall of a century ago, and unsmirched by a day's work since, and then!
why, then the marriages, of course.
but no, along comes a pair a realaristocrats from europe, and straightway you throw over the half-breeds.
it was awfully discouraging, aleck!
since then, what a procession!
you turned down the baronets for a pair of barons; you turned down thebarons for a pair of viscounts; the viscounts for a pair of earls; theearls for a pair of marquises; the marquises for a brace of dukes.
now,aleck, cash in!--you've played the limit.
you've got a job lot of fourdukes under the hammer; of four nationalities; all sound in the wind andlimb and pedigree, all bankrupt and in debt up to the ears.
they comehigh, but we can afford it.
come, aleck, don't delay any longer, don'tkeep up the suspense: take the whole lay-out, and leave the girls tochoose!"
aleck had been smiling blandly and contentedly all through thisarraignment of her marriage policy, a pleasant light, as of triumph withperhaps a nice surprise peeping out through it, rose in her eyes, andshe said, as calmly as she could:"sally, what would you say to--royalty?"
poor man, it knocked him silly, and he fell over thegarboard-strake and barked his shin on the cat-heads.
he was dizzy for amoment, then he gathered himself up and limped over and sat down byhis wife and beamed his old-time admiration and affection upon her infloods, out of his bleary eyes.
he said, fervently, "aleck, you are great--the greatestwoman in the whole earth!
i can't ever learn the whole size of you.
i can't ever learn the immeasurable deeps of you.
here i've beenconsidering myself qualified to criticize your game.
_i!_ why, if i hadstopped to think, i'd have known you had a lone hand up your sleeve.
now, dear heart, i'm all red-hot impatience--tell me about it!"
the flattered and happy woman put her lips to his ear and whispereda princely name.
it made him catch his breath, it lit his face withexultation.
he said, "it's a stunning catch!
he's got a gambling-hall, anda graveyard, and a bishop, and a cathedral--all his very own.
and allgilt-edged five-hundred-per-cent.
stock, every detail of it; the tidiestlittle property in europe; and that graveyard--it's the selectest inthe world: none but suicides admitted; yes, sir, and the free-listsuspended, too, all the time.
there isn't much land in the principality,but there's enough: eight hundred acres in the graveyard and forty-twooutside.
it's a sovereignty--that's the main thing; land's nothing.
there's plenty land, sahara's drugged with it."
aleck glowed; she was profoundly happy.
she said:"think of it, sally--it is a family that has never married outside theroyal and imperial houses of europe: our grandchildren will sit uponthrones!"
"true as you live, aleck--and bear scepters, too; and handle them asnaturally and nonchantly as i handle a yardstick.
it's a grand catch,aleck.
he's corralled, is he?
can't get away?
you didn't take him on amargin?"
trust me for that.
he's not a liability, he's an asset.
so is theother one."
"who is it, aleck?"
"his royal highnesssigismund-siegfriend-lauenfeld-dinkelspiel-schwartzenberg blutwurst,hereditary grant duke of katzenyammer."
you can't mean it!"
"it's as true as i'm sitting here, i give you my word," she answered.
his cup was full, and he hugged her to his heart with rapture, saying:"how wonderful it all seems, and how beautiful!
it's one of theoldest and noblest of the three hundred and sixty-four ancient germanprincipalities, and one of the few that was allowed to retain its royalestate when bismarck got done trimming them.
i know that farm, i've beenthere.
it's got a rope-walk and a candle-factory and an army.
infantry and cavalry.
three soldier and a horse.
aleck, it's beena long wait, and full of heartbreak and hope deferred, but god knows iam happy now.
happy, and grateful to you, my own, who have done it all.
when is it to be?"
and we'll want to do these weddings up in the very regalest stylethat's going.
it's properly due to the royal quality of the partiesof the first part.
now as i understand it, there is only one kind ofmarriage that is sacred to royalty, exclusive to royalty: it's themorganatic."
"what do they call it that for, sally?"
"i don't know; but anyway it's royal, and royal only."
"then we will insist upon it.
more--i will compel it.
it is morganaticmarriage or none."
"that settles it!"
said sally, rubbing his hands with delight.
"and itwill be the very first in america.
aleck, it will make newport sick."
then they fell silent, and drifted away upon their dream wings to thefar regions of the earth to invite all the crowned heads and theirfamilies and provide gratis transportation to them.
during three days the couple walked upon air, with their heads in theclouds.
they were but vaguely conscious of their surroundings; they sawall things dimly, as through a veil; they were steeped in dreams,often they did not hear when they were spoken to; they often did notunderstand when they heard; they answered confusedly or at random; sallysold molasses by weight, sugar by the yard, and furnished soap whenasked for candles, and aleck put the cat in the wash and fed milk tothe soiled linen.
everybody was stunned and amazed, and went aboutmuttering, "what can be the matter with the fosters?"
then came events!
things had taken a happy turn, andfor forty-eight hours aleck's imaginary corner had been booming.
cost point was passed.
still up--and up--and up!
costpoint was passed.
still up--and up--and up!
five points above cost--thenten--fifteen--twenty!
twenty points cold profit on the vast venture,now, and aleck's imaginary brokers were shouting frantically byimaginary long-distance, "sell!
for heaven's sake sell!"
she broke the splendid news to sally, and he, too, said, "sell!
sell--oh, don't make a blunder, now, you own the earth!--sell, sell!"
but she set her iron will and lashed it amidships, and said she wouldhold on for five points more if she died for it.
it was a fatal resolve.
the very next day came the historic crash, therecord crash, the devastating crash, when the bottom fell out of wallstreet, and the whole body of gilt-edged stocks dropped ninety-fivepoints in five hours, and the multimillionaire was seen begging hisbread in the bowery.
aleck sternly held her grip and "put up" as longas she could, but at last there came a call which she was powerless tomeet, and her imaginary brokers sold her out.
then, and not till then,the man in her was vanished, and the woman in her resumed sway.
she puther arms about her husband's neck and wept, saying:"i am to blame, do not forgive me, i cannot bear it.
we are paupers!
paupers, and i am so miserable.
the weddings will never come off; allthat is past; we could not even buy the dentist, now."
a bitter reproach was on sally's tongue: "i begged you to sell, butyou--" he did not say it; he had not the heart to add a hurt to thatbroken and repentant spirit.
a nobler thought came to him and he said:"bear up, my aleck, all is not lost!
you really never invested a pennyof my uncle's bequest, but only its unmaterialized future; what wehave lost was only the incremented harvest from that future by yourincomparable financial judgment and sagacity.
cheer up, banish thesegriefs; we still have the thirty thousand untouched; and with theexperience which you have acquired, think what you will be able to dowith it in a couple years!
the marriages are not off, they are onlypostponed."
these are blessed words.
aleck saw how true they were, and theirinfluence was electric; her tears ceased to flow, and her great spiritrose to its full stature again.
with flashing eye and grateful heart,and with hand uplifted in pledge and prophecy, she said:"now and here i proclaim--"but she was interrupted by a visitor.
it was the editor and proprietorof the sagamore.
he had happened into lakeside to pay a duty-call uponan obscure grandmother of his who was nearing the end of her pilgrimage,and with the idea of combining business with grief he had looked upthe fosters, who had been so absorbed in other things for the past fouryears that they neglected to pay up their subscription.
six dollars due.
no visitor could have been more welcome.
he would know all about uncletilbury and what his chances might be getting to be, cemeterywards.
theycould, of course, ask no questions, for that would squelch the bequest,but they could nibble around on the edge of the subject and hope forresults.
the scheme did not work.
the obtuse editor did not know he wasbeing nibbled at; but at last, chance accomplished what art had failedin.
in illustration of something under discussion which required thehelp of metaphor, the editor said:"land, it's a tough as tilbury foster!--as we say."
it was sudden, and it made the fosters jump.
the editor noticed, andsaid, apologetically:"no harm intended, i assure you.
it's just a saying; just a joke, youknow--nothing of it.
relation of yours?"
sally crowded his burning eagerness down, and answered with all theindifference he could assume:"i--well, not that i know of, but we've heard of him."
the editor wasthankful, and resumed his composure.
sally added: "is he--is he--well?"
"is he well?
why, bless you he's in sheol these five years!"
the fosters were trembling with grief, though it felt like joy.
sallysaid, non-committally--and tentatively:"ah, well, such is life, and none can escape--not even the rich arespared."
the editor laughed.
"if you are including tilbury," said he, "it don't apply.
he hadn't acent; the town had to bury him."
the fosters sat petrified for two minutes; petrified and cold.
then,white-faced and weak-voiced, sally asked:"is it true?
do you know it to be true?"
"well, i should say!
i was one of the executors.
he hadn't anything toleave but a wheelbarrow, and he left that to me.
it hadn't any wheel,and wasn't any good.
still, it was something, and so, to square up, iscribbled off a sort of a little obituarial send-off for him, but it gotcrowded out."
the fosters were not listening--their cup was full, it could containno more.
they sat with bowed heads, dead to all things but the ache attheir hearts.
an hour later.
still they sat there, bowed, motionless, silent, thevisitor long ago gone, they unaware.
then they stirred, and lifted their heads wearily, and gazed at eachother wistfully, dreamily, dazed; then presently began to twaddle toeach other in a wandering and childish way.
at intervals they lapsedinto silences, leaving a sentence unfinished, seemingly either unawareof it or losing their way.
sometimes, when they woke out of thesesilences they had a dim and transient consciousness that something hadhappened to their minds; then with a dumb and yearning solicitude theywould softly caress each other's hands in mutual compassion and support,as if they would say: "i am near you, i will not forsake you, wewill bear it together; somewhere there is release and forgetfulness,somewhere there is a grave and peace; be patient, it will not be long."
they lived yet two years, in mental night, always brooding, steeped invague regrets and melancholy dreams, never speaking; then release cameto both on the same day.
toward the end the darkness lifted from sally's ruined mind for amoment, and he said:"vast wealth, acquired by sudden and unwholesome means, is a snare.
itdid us no good, transient were its feverish pleasures; yet for itssake we threw away our sweet and simple and happy life--let others takewarning by us."
he lay silent awhile, with closed eyes; then as the chill of death creptupward toward his heart, and consciousness was fading from his brain, hemuttered:"money had brought him misery, and he took his revenge upon us, who haddone him no harm.
he had his desire: with base and cunning calculationhe left us but thirty thousand, knowing we would try to increase it, andruin our life and break our hearts.
without added expense he couldhave left us far above desire of increase, far above the temptationto speculate, and a kinder soul would have done it; but in him was nogenerous spirit, no pity, no--"my father was a st. bernard, my mother was a collie, but i am apresbyterian.
this is what my mother told me, i do not know thesenice distinctions myself.
to me they are only fine large words meaningnothing.
my mother had a fondness for such; she liked to say them, andsee other dogs look surprised and envious, as wondering how she gotso much education.
but, indeed, it was not real education; it was onlyshow: she got the words by listening in the dining-room and drawing-roomwhen there was company, and by going with the children to sunday-schooland listening there; and whenever she heard a large word she said itover to herself many times, and so was able to keep it until there wasa dogmatic gathering in the neighborhood, then she would get it off,and surprise and distress them all, from pocket-pup to mastiff, whichrewarded her for all her trouble.
if there was a stranger he was nearlysure to be suspicious, and when he got his breath again he would ask herwhat it meant.
and she always told him.
he was never expecting this butthought he would catch her; so when she told him, he was the one thatlooked ashamed, whereas he had thought it was going to be she.
theothers were always waiting for this, and glad of it and proud of her,for they knew what was going to happen, because they had had experience.
when she told the meaning of a big word they were all so taken up withadmiration that it never occurred to any dog to doubt if it was theright one; and that was natural, because, for one thing, she answered upso promptly that it seemed like a dictionary speaking, and for anotherthing, where could they find out whether it was right or not?
for shewas the only cultivated dog there was.
by and by, when i was older, shebrought home the word unintellectual, one time, and worked it prettyhard all the week at different gatherings, making much unhappiness anddespondency; and it was at this time that i noticed that during thatweek she was asked for the meaning at eight different assemblages, andflashed out a fresh definition every time, which showed me that she hadmore presence of mind than culture, though i said nothing, of course.
she had one word which she always kept on hand, and ready, like alife-preserver, a kind of emergency word to strap on when she was likelyto get washed overboard in a sudden way--that was the word synonymous.
when she happened to fetch out a long word which had had its day weeksbefore and its prepared meanings gone to her dump-pile, if there was astranger there of course it knocked him groggy for a couple of minutes,then he would come to, and by that time she would be away down wind onanother tack, and not expecting anything; so when he'd hail and ask herto cash in, i (the only dog on the inside of her game) could see hercanvas flicker a moment--but only just a moment--then it would bellyout taut and full, and she would say, as calm as a summer's day, "it'ssynonymous with supererogation," or some godless long reptile of aword like that, and go placidly about and skim away on the next tack,perfectly comfortable, you know, and leave that stranger looking profaneand embarrassed, and the initiated slatting the floor with their tailsin unison and their faces transfigured with a holy joy.
and it was the same with phrases.
she would drag home a whole phrase,if it had a grand sound, and play it six nights and two matinees, andexplain it a new way every time--which she had to, for all she cared forwas the phrase; she wasn't interested in what it meant, and knew thosedogs hadn't wit enough to catch her, anyway.
yes, she was a daisy!
shegot so she wasn't afraid of anything, she had such confidence in theignorance of those creatures.
she even brought anecdotes that she hadheard the family and the dinner-guests laugh and shout over; and asa rule she got the nub of one chestnut hitched onto another chestnut,where, of course, it didn't fit and hadn't any point; and when shedelivered the nub she fell over and rolled on the floor and laughed andbarked in the most insane way, while i could see that she was wonderingto herself why it didn't seem as funny as it did when she first heardit.
but no harm was done; the others rolled and barked too, privatelyashamed of themselves for not seeing the point, and never suspectingthat the fault was not with them and there wasn't any to see.
you can see by these things that she was of a rather vain and frivolouscharacter; still, she had virtues, and enough to make up, i think.
shehad a kind heart and gentle ways, and never harbored resentments forinjuries done her, but put them easily out of her mind and forgot them;and she taught her children her kindly way, and from her we learned alsoto be brave and prompt in time of danger, and not to run away, but facethe peril that threatened friend or stranger, and help him the best wecould without stopping to think what the cost might be to us.
and shetaught us not by words only, but by example, and that is the best wayand the surest and the most lasting.
why, the brave things she did, thesplendid things!
she was just a soldier; and so modest about it--well,you couldn't help admiring her, and you couldn't help imitating her;not even a king charles spaniel could remain entirely despicable in hersociety.
so, as you see, there was more to her than her education.
when i was well grown, at last, i was sold and taken away, and i neversaw her again.
she was broken-hearted, and so was i, and we cried; butshe comforted me as well as she could, and said we were sent intothis world for a wise and good purpose, and must do our duties withoutrepining, take our life as we might find it, live it for the best goodof others, and never mind about the results; they were not our affair.
she said men who did like this would have a noble and beautiful rewardby and by in another world, and although we animals would not go there,to do well and right without reward would give to our brief livesa worthiness and dignity which in itself would be a reward.
she hadgathered these things from time to time when she had gone to thesunday-school with the children, and had laid them up in her memory morecarefully than she had done with those other words and phrases; and shehad studied them deeply, for her good and ours.
one may see by this thatshe had a wise and thoughtful head, for all there was so much lightnessand vanity in it.
so we said our farewells, and looked our last upon each other throughour tears; and the last thing she said--keeping it for the last to makeme remember it the better, i think--was, "in memory of me, when thereis a time of danger to another do not think of yourself, think of yourmother, and do as she would do."
do you think i could forget that?
it was such a charming home!--my new one; a fine great house, withpictures, and delicate decorations, and rich furniture, and no gloomanywhere, but all the wilderness of dainty colors lit up with floodingsunshine; and the spacious grounds around it, and the great garden--oh,greensward, and noble trees, and flowers, no end!
and i was the same asa member of the family; and they loved me, and petted me, and did notgive me a new name, but called me by my old one that was dear to mebecause my mother had given it me--aileen mavoureen.
she got it out of asong; and the grays knew that song, and said it was a beautiful name.
mrs. gray was thirty, and so sweet and so lovely, you cannot imagineit; and sadie was ten, and just like her mother, just a darling slenderlittle copy of her, with auburn tails down her back, and short frocks;and the baby was a year old, and plump and dimpled, and fond of me,and never could get enough of hauling on my tail, and hugging me, andlaughing out its innocent happiness; and mr. gray was thirty-eight, andtall and slender and handsome, a little bald in front, alert, quick inhis movements, business-like, prompt, decided, unsentimental, and withthat kind of trim-chiseled face that just seems to glint and sparklewith frosty intellectuality!
he was a renowned scientist.
i do not knowwhat the word means, but my mother would know how to use it and geteffects.
she would know how to depress a rat-terrier with it and make alap-dog look sorry he came.
but that is not the best one; the best onewas laboratory.
my mother could organize a trust on that one that wouldskin the tax-collars off the whole herd.
the laboratory was not abook, or a picture, or a place to wash your hands in, as the collegepresident's dog said--no, that is the lavatory; the laboratory is quitedifferent, and is filled with jars, and bottles, and electrics, andwires, and strange machines; and every week other scientists came thereand sat in the place, and used the machines, and discussed, and madewhat they called experiments and discoveries; and often i came, too,and stood around and listened, and tried to learn, for the sake of mymother, and in loving memory of her, although it was a pain to me, asrealizing what she was losing out of her life and i gaining nothing atall; for try as i might, i was never able to make anything out of it atall.
other times i lay on the floor in the mistress's work-room and slept,she gently using me for a foot-stool, knowing it pleased me, for itwas a caress; other times i spent an hour in the nursery, and got welltousled and made happy; other times i watched by the crib there, whenthe baby was asleep and the nurse out for a few minutes on the baby'saffairs; other times i romped and raced through the grounds and thegarden with sadie till we were tired out, then slumbered on the grass inthe shade of a tree while she read her book; other times i went visitingamong the neighbor dogs--for there were some most pleasant ones notfar away, and one very handsome and courteous and graceful one,a curly-haired irish setter by the name of robin adair, who was apresbyterian like me, and belonged to the scotch minister.
the servants in our house were all kind to me and were fond of me, andso, as you see, mine was a pleasant life.
there could not be a happierdog that i was, nor a gratefuler one.
i will say this for myself, for itis only the truth: i tried in all ways to do well and right, and honormy mother's memory and her teachings, and earn the happiness that hadcome to me, as best i could.
by and by came my little puppy, and then my cup was full, my happinesswas perfect.
it was the dearest little waddling thing, and so smoothand soft and velvety, and had such cunning little awkward paws, and suchaffectionate eyes, and such a sweet and innocent face; and it made meso proud to see how the children and their mother adored it, and fondledit, and exclaimed over every little wonderful thing it did.
it did seemto me that life was just too lovely to--then came the winter.
one day i was standing a watch in the nursery.
that is to say, i was asleep on the bed.
the baby was asleep in thecrib, which was alongside the bed, on the side next the fireplace.
itwas the kind of crib that has a lofty tent over it made of gauzy stuffthat you can see through.
the nurse was out, and we two sleepers werealone.
a spark from the wood-fire was shot out, and it lit on the slopeof the tent.
i suppose a quiet interval followed, then a scream from thebaby awoke me, and there was that tent flaming up toward the ceiling!
before i could think, i sprang to the floor in my fright, and in asecond was half-way to the door; but in the next half-second my mother'sfarewell was sounding in my ears, and i was back on the bed again.,i reached my head through the flames and dragged the baby out by thewaist-band, and tugged it along, and we fell to the floor together in acloud of smoke; i snatched a new hold, and dragged the screaming littlecreature along and out at the door and around the bend of the hall,and was still tugging away, all excited and happy and proud, when themaster's voice shouted:"begone you cursed beast!"
and i jumped to save myself; but he wasfuriously quick, and chased me up, striking furiously at me with hiscane, i dodging this way and that, in terror, and at last a strongblow fell upon my left foreleg, which made me shriek and fall, forthe moment, helpless; the cane went up for another blow, but neverdescended, for the nurse's voice rang wildly out, "the nursery's onfire!"
and the master rushed away in that direction, and my other boneswere saved.
the pain was cruel, but, no matter, i must not lose any time; he mightcome back at any moment; so i limped on three legs to the other endof the hall, where there was a dark little stairway leading up into agarret where old boxes and such things were kept, as i had heard say,and where people seldom went.
i managed to climb up there, then isearched my way through the dark among the piles of things, and hid inthe secretest place i could find.
it was foolish to be afraid there, yetstill i was; so afraid that i held in and hardly even whimpered, thoughit would have been such a comfort to whimper, because that eases thepain, you know.
but i could lick my leg, and that did some good.
for half an hour there was a commotion downstairs, and shoutings,and rushing footsteps, and then there was quiet again.
quiet for someminutes, and that was grateful to my spirit, for then my fears beganto go down; and fears are worse than pains--oh, much worse.
then came asound that froze me.
they were calling me--calling me by name--huntingfor me!
it was muffled by distance, but that could not take the terror out ofit, and it was the most dreadful sound to me that i had ever heard.
itwent all about, everywhere, down there: along the halls, through allthe rooms, in both stories, and in the basement and the cellar; thenoutside, and farther and farther away--then back, and all about thehouse again, and i thought it would never, never stop.
but at last itdid, hours and hours after the vague twilight of the garret had long agobeen blotted out by black darkness.
then in that blessed stillness my terrors fell little by little away,and i was at peace and slept.
it was a good rest i had, but i wokebefore the twilight had come again.
i was feeling fairly comfortable,and i could think out a plan now.
i made a very good one; which was, tocreep down, all the way down the back stairs, and hide behind the cellardoor, and slip out and escape when the iceman came at dawn, while he wasinside filling the refrigerator; then i would hide all day, and starton my journey when night came; my journey to--well, anywhere where theywould not know me and betray me to the master.
i was feeling almostcheerful now; then suddenly i thought: why, what would life be withoutmy puppy!
that was despair.
there was no plan for me; i saw that; i must say wherei was; stay, and wait, and take what might come--it was not my affair;that was what life is--my mother had said it.
then--well, then thecalling began again!
all my sorrows came back.
i said to myself, themaster will never forgive.
i did not know what i had done to make him sobitter and so unforgiving, yet i judged it was something a dog could notunderstand, but which was clear to a man and dreadful.
they called and called--days and nights, it seemed to me.
so long thatthe hunger and thirst near drove me mad, and i recognized that i wasgetting very weak.
when you are this way you sleep a great deal, and idid.
once i woke in an awful fright--it seemed to me that the callingwas right there in the garret!
and so it was: it was sadie's voice,and she was crying; my name was falling from her lips all broken, poorthing, and i could not believe my ears for the joy of it when i heardher say:"come back to us--oh, come back to us, and forgive--it is all so sadwithout our--"i broke in with such a grateful little yelp, and the next moment sadiewas plunging and stumbling through the darkness and the lumber andshouting for the family to hear, "she's found, she's found!"
the days that followed--well, they were wonderful.
the mother and sadieand the servants--why, they just seemed to worship me.
they couldn'tseem to make me a bed that was fine enough; and as for food, theycouldn't be satisfied with anything but game and delicacies that wereout of season; and every day the friends and neighbors flocked in tohear about my heroism--that was the name they called it by, and itmeans agriculture.
i remember my mother pulling it on a kennel once, andexplaining it in that way, but didn't say what agriculture was, exceptthat it was synonymous with intramural incandescence; and a dozen timesa day mrs. gray and sadie would tell the tale to new-comers, and say irisked my life to say the baby's, and both of us had burns to prove it,and then the company would pass me around and pet me and exclaim aboutme, and you could see the pride in the eyes of sadie and her mother; andwhen the people wanted to know what made me limp, they looked ashamedand changed the subject, and sometimes when people hunted them this wayand that way with questions about it, it looked to me as if they weregoing to cry.
and this was not all the glory; no, the master's friends came, a wholetwenty of the most distinguished people, and had me in the laboratory,and discussed me as if i was a kind of discovery; and some of them saidit was wonderful in a dumb beast, the finest exhibition of instinct theycould call to mind; but the master said, with vehemence, "it's far aboveinstinct; it's reason, and many a man, privileged to be saved and gowith you and me to a better world by right of its possession, has lessof it that this poor silly quadruped that's foreordained to perish"; andthen he laughed, and said: "why, look at me--i'm a sarcasm!
bless you,with all my grand intelligence, the only think i inferred was thatthe dog had gone mad and was destroying the child, whereas but for thebeast's intelligence--it's reason, i tell you!--the child would haveperished!"
they disputed and disputed, and _i_ was the very center of subject of itall, and i wished my mother could know that this grand honor had come tome; it would have made her proud.
then they discussed optics, as they called it, and whether a certaininjury to the brain would produce blindness or not, but they could notagree about it, and said they must test it by experiment by and by;and next they discussed plants, and that interested me, because in thesummer sadie and i had planted seeds--i helped her dig the holes, youknow--and after days and days a little shrub or a flower came up there,and it was a wonder how that could happen; but it did, and i wished icould talk--i would have told those people about it and shown then howmuch i knew, and been all alive with the subject; but i didn't care forthe optics; it was dull, and when they came back to it again it boredme, and i went to sleep.
pretty soon it was spring, and sunny and pleasant and lovely, and thesweet mother and the children patted me and the puppy good-by, and wentaway on a journey and a visit to their kin, and the master wasn't anycompany for us, but we played together and had good times, and theservants were kind and friendly, so we got along quite happily andcounted the days and waited for the family.
and one day those men came again, and said, now for the test, and theytook the puppy to the laboratory, and i limped three-leggedly along,too, feeling proud, for any attention shown to the puppy was a pleasureto me, of course.
they discussed and experimented, and then suddenly thepuppy shrieked, and they set him on the floor, and he went staggeringaround, with his head all bloody, and the master clapped his hands andshouted:"there, i've won--confess it!
he's a blind as a bat!"
and they all said:"it's so--you've proved your theory, and suffering humanity owes you agreat debt from henceforth," and they crowded around him, and wrung hishand cordially and thankfully, and praised him.
but i hardly saw or heard these things, for i ran at once to my littledarling, and snuggled close to it where it lay, and licked the blood,and it put its head against mine, whimpering softly, and i knew inmy heart it was a comfort to it in its pain and trouble to feel itsmother's touch, though it could not see me.
then it dropped down,presently, and its little velvet nose rested upon the floor, and it wasstill, and did not move any more.
soon the master stopped discussing a moment, and rang in the footman,and said, "bury it in the far corner of the garden," and then went onwith the discussion, and i trotted after the footman, very happy andgrateful, for i knew the puppy was out of its pain now, because itwas asleep.
we went far down the garden to the farthest end, where thechildren and the nurse and the puppy and i used to play in the summer inthe shade of a great elm, and there the footman dug a hole, and i saw hewas going to plant the puppy, and i was glad, because it would growand come up a fine handsome dog, like robin adair, and be a beautifulsurprise for the family when they came home; so i tried to help him dig,but my lame leg was no good, being stiff, you know, and you have to havetwo, or it is no use.
when the footman had finished and covered littlerobin up, he patted my head, and there were tears in his eyes, and hesaid: "poor little doggie, you saved his child!"
i have watched two whole weeks, and he doesn't come up!
this last weeka fright has been stealing upon me.
i think there is something terribleabout this.
i do not know what it is, but the fear makes me sick, and icannot eat, though the servants bring me the best of food; and they petme so, and even come in the night, and cry, and say, "poor doggie--dogive it up and come home; don't break our hearts!"
and all thisterrifies me the more, and makes me sure something has happened.
andi am so weak; since yesterday i cannot stand on my feet anymore.
andwithin this hour the servants, looking toward the sun where it wassinking out of sight and the night chill coming on, said things i couldnot understand, but they carried something cold to my heart.
"those poor creatures!
they do not suspect.
they will come home in themorning, and eagerly ask for the little doggie that did the brave deed,and who of us will be strong enough to say the truth to them: 'thehumble little friend is gone where go the beasts that perish.'"
was it heaven?
"you told a lie?"
"you confess it--you actually confess it--you told a lie!"
the family consisted of four persons: margaret lester, widow, agedthirty six; helen lester, her daughter, aged sixteen; mrs. lester'smaiden aunts, hannah and hester gray, twins, aged sixty-seven.
wakingand sleeping, the three women spent their days and night in adoring theyoung girl; in watching the movements of her sweet spirit in the mirrorof her face; in refreshing their souls with the vision of her bloomand beauty; in listening to the music of her voice; in gratefullyrecognizing how rich and fair for them was the world with this presencein it; in shuddering to think how desolate it would be with this lightgone out of it.
by nature--and inside--the aged aunts were utterly dear and lovable andgood, but in the matter of morals and conduct their training had been souncompromisingly strict that it had made them exteriorly austere, not tosay stern.
their influence was effective in the house; so effectivethat the mother and the daughter conformed to its moral and religiousrequirements cheerfully, contentedly, happily, unquestionably.
to dothis was become second nature to them.
and so in this peacefulheaven there were no clashings, no irritations, no fault-finding, noheart-burnings.
in it a lie had no place.
in it a lie was unthinkable.
in it speechwas restricted to absolute truth, iron-bound truth, implacable anduncompromising truth, let the resulting consequences be what they might.
at last, one day, under stress of circumstances, the darling of thehouse sullied her lips with a lie--and confessed it, with tearsand self-upbraidings.
there are not any words that can paint theconsternation of the aunts.
it was as if the sky had crumpled up andcollapsed and the earth had tumbled to ruin with a crash.
they sat sideby side, white and stern, gazing speechless upon the culprit, who was onher knees before them with her face buried first in one lap and then theother, moaning and sobbing, and appealing for sympathy and forgivenessand getting no response, humbly kissing the hand of the one, then of theother, only to see it withdrawn as suffering defilement by those soiledlips.
twice, at intervals, aunt hester said, in frozen amazement:"you told a lie?"
twice, at intervals, aunt hannah followed with the muttered and amazedejaculation:"you confess it--you actually confess it--you told a lie!"
it was all they could say.
the situation was new, unheard of,incredible; they could not understand it, they did not know how to takehold of it, it approximately paralyzed speech.
at length it was decided that the erring child must be taken to hermother, who was ill, and who ought to know what had happened.
helenbegged, besought, implored that she might be spared this furtherdisgrace, and that her mother might be spared the grief and pain ofit; but this could not be: duty required this sacrifice, duty takesprecedence of all things, nothing can absolve one from a duty, with aduty no compromise is possible.
helen still begged, and said the sin was her own, her mother had had nohand in it--why must she be made to suffer for it?
but the aunts were obdurate in their righteousness, and said the lawthat visited the sins of the parent upon the child was by all rightand reason reversible; and therefore it was but just that the innocentmother of a sinning child should suffer her rightful share of the griefand pain and shame which were the allotted wages of the sin.
the three moved toward the sick-room.
at this time the doctor was approaching the house.
he was still a gooddistance away, however.
he was a good doctor and a good man, and he hada good heart, but one had to know him a year to get over hating him, twoyears to learn to endure him, three to learn to like him, and four andfive to learn to love him.
it was a slow and trying education, but itpaid.
he was of great stature; he had a leonine head, a leonine face, arough voice, and an eye which was sometimes a pirate's and sometimesa woman's, according to the mood.
he knew nothing about etiquette, andcared nothing about it; in speech, manner, carriage, and conduct he wasthe reverse of conventional.
he was frank, to the limit; he had opinionson all subjects; they were always on tap and ready for delivery, and hecared not a farthing whether his listener liked them or didn't.
whomhe loved he loved, and manifested it; whom he didn't love he hated, andpublished it from the housetops.
in his young days he had been a sailor,and the salt-airs of all the seas blew from him yet.
he was a sturdy andloyal christian, and believed he was the best one in the land, and theonly one whose christianity was perfectly sound, healthy, full-chargedwith common sense, and had no decayed places in it.
people who had an axto grind, or people who for any reason wanted wanted to get on the softside of him, called him the christian--a phrase whose delicate flatterywas music to his ears, and whose capital t was such an enchanting andvivid object to him that he could see it when it fell out of a person'smouth even in the dark.
many who were fond of him stood on theirconsciences with both feet and brazenly called him by that large titlehabitually, because it was a pleasure to them to do anything thatwould please him; and with eager and cordial malice his extensive anddiligently cultivated crop of enemies gilded it, beflowered it, expandedit to "the only christian."
of these two titles, the latter had thewider currency; the enemy, being greatly in the majority, attended tothat.
whatever the doctor believed, he believed with all his heart,and would fight for it whenever he got the chance; and if the intervalsbetween chances grew to be irksomely wide, he would invent ways ofshortening them himself.
he was severely conscientious, according tohis rather independent lights, and whatever he took to be a duty heperformed, no matter whether the judgment of the professional moralistsagreed with his own or not.
at sea, in his young days, he had usedprofanity freely, but as soon as he was converted he made a rule, whichhe rigidly stuck to ever afterward, never to use it except on the rarestoccasions, and then only when duty commanded.
he had been a harddrinker at sea, but after his conversion he became a firm and outspokenteetotaler, in order to be an example to the young, and from that timeforth he seldom drank; never, indeed, except when it seemed to him to bea duty--a condition which sometimes occurred a couple of times a year,but never as many as five times.
necessarily, such a man is impressionable, impulsive, emotional.
thisone was, and had no gift at hiding his feelings; or if he had it he tookno trouble to exercise it.
he carried his soul's prevailing weather inhis face, and when he entered a room the parasols or the umbrellas wentup--figuratively speaking--according to the indications.
when the softlight was in his eye it meant approval, and delivered a benediction;when he came with a frown he lowered the temperature ten degrees.
he wasa well-beloved man in the house of his friends, but sometimes a dreadedone.
he had a deep affection for the lester household and its several membersreturned this feeling with interest.
they mourned over his kind ofchristianity, and he frankly scoffed at theirs; but both parties went onloving each other just the same.
he was approaching the house--out of the distance; the aunts and theculprit were moving toward the sick-chamber.
the three last named stood by the bed; the aunts austere, thetransgressor softly sobbing.
the mother turned her head on the pillow;her tired eyes flamed up instantly with sympathy and passionatemother-love when they fell upon her child, and she opened the refuge andshelter of her arms.
said aunt hannah, and put out her hand and stayed the girl fromleaping into them.
"helen," said the other aunt, impressively, "tell your mother all.
purgeyour soul; leave nothing unconfessed."
standing stricken and forlorn before her judges, the young girl mournedher sorrowful tale through the end, then in a passion of appeal criedout:"oh, mother, can't you forgive me?
won't you forgive me?--i am sodesolate!"
"forgive you, my darling?
oh, come to my arms!--there, lay your headupon my breast, and be at peace.
if you had told a thousand lies--"there was a sound--a warning--the clearing of a throat.
the auntsglanced up, and withered in their clothes--there stood the doctor, hisface a thunder-cloud.
mother and child knew nothing of his presence;they lay locked together, heart to heart, steeped in immeasurablecontent, dead to all things else.
the physician stood many momentsglaring and glooming upon the scene before him; studying it, analyzingit, searching out its genesis; then he put up his hand and beckoned tothe aunts.
they came trembling to him, and stood humbly before him andwaited.
he bent down and whispered:"didn't i tell you this patient must be protected from all excitement?
what the hell have you been doing?
clear out of the place!"
half an hour later he appeared in the parlor, serene,cheery, clothed in sunshine, conducting helen, with his arm about herwaist, petting her, and saying gentle and playful things to her; and shealso was her sunny and happy self again.
"now, then;" he said, "good-by, dear.
go to your room, and keep awayfrom your mother, and behave yourself.
but wait--put out your tongue.
there, that will do--you're as sound as a nut!"
he patted her cheek andadded, "run along now; i want to talk to these aunts."
she went from the presence.
his face clouded over again at once; and ashe sat down he said:"you too have been doing a lot of damage--and maybe some good.
somegood, yes--such as it is.
that woman's disease is typhoid!
you'vebrought it to a show-up, i think, with your insanities, and that's aservice--such as it is.
i hadn't been able to determine what it wasbefore."
with one impulse the old ladies sprang to their feet, quaking withterror.
what are you proposing to do?"
we must fly to her.
we--""you'll do nothing of the kind; you've done enough harm for one day.
doyou want to squander all your capital of crimes and follies on a singledeal?
sit down, i tell you.
i have arranged for her to sleep; she needsit; if you disturb her without my orders, i'll brain you--if you've gotthe materials for it."
they sat down, distressed and indignant, but obedient, under compulsion.
he proceeded:"now, then, i want this case explained.
they wanted to explain it tome--as if there hadn't been emotion or excitement enough already.
youknew my orders; how did you dare to go in there and get up that riot?"
hester looked appealing at hannah; hannah returned a beseeching lookat hester--neither wanted to dance to this unsympathetic orchestra.
thedoctor came to their help.
he said:"begin, hester."
fingering at the fringes of her shawl, and with lowered eyes, hestersaid, timidly:"we should not have disobeyed for any ordinary cause, but this wasvital.
this was a duty.
with a duty one has no choice; one must put alllighter considerations aside and perform it.
we were obliged to arraignher before her mother.
she had told a lie."
the doctor glowered upon the woman a moment, and seemed to be tryingto work up in his mind an understand of a wholly incomprehensibleproposition; then he stormed out:"she told a lie!
god bless my soul!
i tell a million a day!
and so does every doctor.
and so does everybody--including you--for thatmatter.
and that was the important thing that authorized you to ventureto disobey my orders and imperil that woman's life!
look here, hestergray, this is pure lunacy; that girl couldn't tell a lie that wasintended to injure a person.
the thing is impossible--absolutelyimpossible.
you know it yourselves--both of you; you know it perfectlywell."
hannah came to her sister's rescue:"hester didn't mean that it was that kind of a lie, and it wasn't.
butit was a lie."
"well, upon my word, i never heard such nonsense!
haven't you got senseenough to discriminate between lies!
don't you know the differencebetween a lie that helps and a lie that hurts?"
"all lies are sinful," said hannah, setting her lips together like avise; "all lies are forbidden."
the only christian fidgeted impatiently in his chair.
he went to attackthis proposition, but he did not quite know how or where to begin.
finally he made a venture:"hester, wouldn't you tell a lie to shield a person from an undeservedinjury or shame?"
"not even a friend?"
"not even your dearest friend?"
i would not."
the doctor struggled in silence awhile with this situation; then heasked:"not even to save him from bitter pain and misery and grief?"
not even to save his life."
then:"nor his soul?"
there was a hush--a silence which endured a measurable interval--thenhester answered, in a low voice, but with decision:"nor his soul?"
no one spoke for a while; then the doctor said:"is it with you the same, hannah?"
"yes," she answered.
"i ask you both--why?"
"because to tell such a lie, or any lie, is a sin, and could cost usthe loss of our own souls--would, indeed, if we died without time torepent."
"strange... strange... it is past belief."
then he asked, roughly: "issuch a soul as that worth saving?"
he rose up, mumbling and grumbling,and started for the door, stumping vigorously along.
at the threshold heturned and rasped out an admonition: "reform!
drop this mean and sordidand selfish devotion to the saving of your shabby little souls, and huntup something to do that's got some dignity to it!
risk your souls!
risk them in good causes; then if you lose them, why should you care?
the good old gentlewomen sat paralyzed, pulverized, outraged, insulted,and brooded in bitterness and indignation over these blasphemies.
theywere hurt to the heart, poor old ladies, and said they could neverforgive these injuries.
they kept repeating that word resentfully.
"reform--and learn to telllies!"
time slipped along, and in due course a change came over their spirits.
they had completed the human being's first duty--which is to think abouthimself until he has exhausted the subject, then he is in a conditionto take up minor interests and think of other people.
this changes thecomplexion of his spirits--generally wholesomely.
the minds of the twoold ladies reverted to their beloved niece and the fearful disease whichhad smitten her; instantly they forgot the hurts their self-love hadreceived, and a passionate desire rose in their hearts to go to the helpof the sufferer and comfort her with their love, and minister toher, and labor for her the best they could with their weak hands, andjoyfully and affectionately wear out their poor old bodies in her dearservice if only they might have the privilege.
"and we shall have it!"
said hester, with the tears running down herface.
"there are no nurses comparable to us, for there are no othersthat will stand their watch by that bed till they drop and die, and godknows we would do that."
"amen," said hannah, smiling approval and endorsement through the mistof moisture that blurred her glasses.
"the doctor knows us, and knows wewill not disobey again; and he will call no others.
he will not dare!"
said hester, with temper, and dashing the water from her eyes;"he will dare anything--that christian devil!
but it will do no good forhim to try it this time--but, laws!
after all's said anddone, he is gifted and wise and good, and he would not think of such athing.... it is surely time for one of us to go to that room.
what iskeeping him?
why doesn't he come and say so?"
they caught the sound of his approaching step.
he entered, sat down, andbegan to talk.
"margaret is a sick woman," he said.
"she is still sleeping, but shewill wake presently; then one of you must go to her.
she will be worsebefore she is better.
pretty soon a night-and-day watch must be set.
howmuch of it can you two undertake?"
"all of it!"
burst from both ladies at once.
the doctor's eyes flashed, and he said, with energy:"you do ring true, you brave old relics!
and you shall do all of thenursing you can, for there's none to match you in that divine office inthis town; but you can't do all of it, and it would be a crime to letyou."
it was grand praise, golden praise, coming from such a source, andit took nearly all the resentment out of the aged twin's hearts.
"yourtilly and my old nancy shall do the rest--good nurses both, white soulswith black skins, watchful, loving, tender--just perfect nurses!--andcompetent liars from the cradle.... look you!
keep a little watch onhelen; she is sick, and is going to be sicker."
the ladies looked a little surprised, and not credulous; and hestersaid:"how is that?
it isn't an hour since you said she was as sound as anut."
the doctor answered, tranquilly:"it was a lie."
the ladies turned upon him indignantly, and hannah said:"how can you make an odious confession like that, in so indifferent atone, when you know how we feel about all forms of--""hush!
you are as ignorant as cats, both of you, and you don't know whatyou are talking about.
you are like all the rest of the moral moles;you lie from morning till night, but because you don't do it with yourmouths, but only with your lying eyes, your lying inflections, yourdeceptively misplaced emphasis, and your misleading gestures, you turnup your complacent noses and parade before god and the world as saintlyand unsmirched truth-speakers, in whose cold-storage souls a lie wouldfreeze to death if it got there!
why will you humbug yourselves withthat foolish notion that no lie is a lie except a spoken one?
what isthe difference between lying with your eyes and lying with your mouth?
there is none; and if you would reflect a moment you would see that itis so.
there isn't a human being that doesn't tell a gross of lies everyday of his life; and you--why, between you, you tell thirty thousand;yet you flare up here in a lurid hypocritical horror because i tell thatchild a benevolent and sinless lie to protect her from her imagination,which would get to work and warm up her blood to a fever in an hour, ifi were disloyal enough to my duty to let it.
which i should probably doif i were interested in saving my soul by such disreputable means.
"come, let us reason together.
let us examine details.
when you two werein the sick-room raising that riot, what would you have done if you hadknown i was coming?"
"you would have slipped out and carried helen with you--wouldn't you?"
the ladies were silent.
"what would be your object and intention?"
"to keep me from finding out your guilt; to beguile me to infer thatmargaret's excitement proceeded from some cause not known to you.
in aword, to tell me a lie--a silent lie.
moreover, a possibly harmful one."
the twins colored, but did not speak.
"you not only tell myriads of silent lies, but you tell lies with yourmouths--you two."
"that is not so!"
"it is so.
but only harmless ones.
you never dream of uttering a harmfulone.
do you know that that is a concession--and a confession?"
"how do you mean?"
"it is an unconscious concession that harmless lies are not criminal;it is a confession that you constantly make that discrimination.
forinstance, you declined old mrs. foster's invitation last week to meetthose odious higbies at supper--in a polite note in which you expressedregret and said you were very sorry you could not go.
it was a lie.
it was as unmitigated a lie as was ever uttered.
deny it, hester--withanother lie."
hester replied with a toss of her head.
"that will not do.
was it a lie, or wasn't it?"
the color stole into the cheeks of both women, and with a struggle andan effort they got out their confession:"it was a lie."
"good--the reform is beginning; there is hope for you yet; you will nottell a lie to save your dearest friend's soul, but you will spew outone without a scruple to save yourself the discomfort of telling anunpleasant truth."
hester, speaking for both, said; coldly:"we have lied; we perceive it; it will occur no more.
to lie is a sin.
we shall never tell another one of any kind whatsoever, even lies ofcourtesy or benevolence, to save any one a pang or a sorrow decreed forhim by god."
"ah, how soon you will fall!
in fact, you have fallen already; for whatyou have just uttered is a lie.
one of you go to thesick-room now."
twelve days later.
mother and child were lingering in the grip of the hideous disease.
of hope for either there was little.
the aged sisters looked whiteand worn, but they would not give up their posts.
their heartswere breaking, poor old things, but their grit was steadfast andindestructible.
all the twelve days the mother had pined for the child,and the child for the mother, but both knew that the prayer of theselongings could not be granted.
when the mother was told--on the firstday--that her disease was typhoid, she was frightened, and asked ifthere was danger that helen could have contracted it the day before,when she was in the sick-chamber on that confession visit.
hester toldher the doctor had poo-pooed the idea.
it troubled hester to say it,although it was true, for she had not believed the doctor; but whenshe saw the mother's joy in the news, the pain in her consciencelost something of its force--a result which made her ashamed of theconstructive deception which she had practiced, though not ashamedenough to make her distinctly and definitely wish she had refrained fromit.
from that moment the sick woman understood that her daughter mustremain away, and she said she would reconcile herself to the separationthe best she could, for she would rather suffer death than have herchild's health imperiled.
that afternoon helen had to take to her bed,ill. she grew worse during the night.
in the morning her mother askedafter her:"is she well?"
hester turned cold; she opened her lips, but the words refused to come.
the mother lay languidly looking, musing, waiting; suddenly she turnedwhite and gasped out:"oh, my god!
what is it?
is she sick?"
then the poor aunt's tortured heart rose in rebellion, and words came:"no--be comforted; she is well."
the sick woman put all her happy heart in her gratitude:"thank god for those dear words!
how i worship you for sayingthem!"
hester told this incident to hannah, who received it with a rebukinglook, and said, coldly:"sister, it was a lie."
hester's lips trembled piteously; she choked down a sob, and said:"oh, hannah, it was a sin, but i could not help it.
i could not endurethe fright and the misery that were in her face."
it was a lie.
god will hold you to account for it."
"oh, i know it, i know it," cried hester, wringing her hands, "but evenif it were now, i could not help it.
i know i should do it again."
"then take my place with helen in the morning.
i will make the reportmyself."
hester clung to her sister, begging and imploring.
"don't, hannah, oh, don't--you will kill her."
"i will at least speak the truth."
in the morning she had a cruel report to bear to the mother, and shebraced herself for the trial.
when she returned from her mission, hesterwas waiting, pale and trembling, in the hall.
she whispered:"oh, how did she take it--that poor, desolate mother?"
hannah's eyes were swimming in tears.
she said:"god forgive me, i told her the child was well!"
hester gathered her to her heart, with a grateful "god bless you,hannah!"
and poured out her thankfulness in an inundation of worshipingpraises.
after that, the two knew the limit of their strength, and accepted theirfate.
they surrendered humbly, and abandoned themselves to the hardrequirements of the situation.
daily they told the morning lie, andconfessed their sin in prayer; not asking forgiveness, as not beingworthy of it, but only wishing to make record that they realized theirwickedness and were not desiring to hide it or excuse it.
daily, as the fair young idol of the house sank lower and lower, thesorrowful old aunts painted her glowing bloom and her fresh young beautyto the wan mother, and winced under the stabs her ecstasies of joy andgratitude gave them.
in the first days, while the child had strength to hold a pencil, shewrote fond little love-notes to her mother, in which she concealed herillness; and these the mother read and reread through happy eyes wetwith thankful tears, and kissed them over and over again, and treasuredthem as precious things under her pillow.
then came a day when the strength was gone from the hand, and the mindwandered, and the tongue babbled pathetic incoherences.
this was a soredilemma for the poor aunts.
there were no love-notes for the mother.
they did not know what to do.
hester began a carefully studied andplausible explanation, but lost the track of it and grew confused;suspicion began to show in the mother's face, then alarm.
hester saw it,recognized the imminence of the danger, and descended to the emergency,pulling herself resolutely together and plucking victor from the openjaws of defeat.
in a placid and convincing voice she said:"i thought it might distress you to know it, but helen spent the nightat the sloanes'.
there was a little party there, and, although she didnot want to go, and you so sick, we persuaded her, she being youngand needing the innocent pastimes of youth, and we believing you wouldapprove.
be sure she will write the moment she comes."
"how good you are, and how dear and thoughtful for us both!
why, i thank you with all my heart.
my poor little exile!
tell her iwant her to have every pleasure she can--i would not rob her of one.
only let her keep her health, that is all i ask.
don't let thatsuffer; i could not bear it.
how thankful i am that she escaped thisinfection--and what a narrow risk she ran, aunt hester!
think of thatlovely face all dulled and burned with fever.
i can't bear the thoughtof it.
keep her health.
keep her bloom!
i can see her now, the daintycreature--with the big, blue, earnest eyes; and sweet, oh, so sweet andgentle and winning!
is she as beautiful as ever, dear aunt hester?"
"oh, more beautiful and bright and charming than ever she was before,if such a thing can be"--and hester turned away and fumbled with themedicine-bottles, to hide her shame and grief.
after a little, both aunts were laboring upon a difficult and bafflingwork in helen's chamber.
patiently and earnestly, with their stiff oldfingers, they were trying to forge the required note.
they made failureafter failure, but they improved little by little all the time.
thepity of it all, the pathetic humor of it, there was none to see; theythemselves were unconscious of it.
often their tears fell upon the notesand spoiled them; sometimes a single misformed word made a note riskywhich could have been ventured but for that; but at last hannah producedone whose script was a good enough imitation of helen's to pass any buta suspicious eye, and bountifully enriched it with the petting phrasesand loving nicknames that had been familiar on the child's lips from hernursery days.
she carried it to the mother, who took it with avidity,and kissed it, and fondled it, reading its precious words over and overagain, and dwelling with deep contentment upon its closing paragraph:"mousie darling, if i could only see you, and kiss your eyes, and feelyour arms about me!
i am so glad my practicing does not disturb you.
everybody is good to me, but i am so lonesome without you,dear mamma."
"the poor child, i know just how she feels.
she cannot be quite happywithout me; and i--oh, i live in the light of her eyes!
tell her shemust practice all she pleases; and, aunt hannah--tell her i can't hearthe piano this far, nor hear dear voice when she sings: god knows i wishi could.
no one knows how sweet that voice is to me; and to think--someday it will be silent!
what are you crying for?"
"only because--because--it was just a memory.
when i came away she wassinging, 'loch lomond.'
the pathos of it!
it always moves me so when shesings that."
"and me, too.
how heartbreakingly beautiful it is when some youthfulsorrow is brooding in her breast and she sings it for the mystic healingit brings.... aunt hannah?"
"i am very ill. sometimes it comes over me that i shall never hear thatdear voice again."
"oh, don't--don't, margaret!
i can't bear it!"
margaret was moved and distressed, and said, gently:"there--there--let me put my arms around you.
there--put yourcheek to mine.
i wish to live.
i will live if i can.
ah,what could she do without me!...
does she often speak of me?--but i knowshe does."
"oh, all the time--all the time!"
"my sweet child!
she wrote the note the moment she came home?"
"yes--the first moment.
she would not wait to take off her things."
"i knew it.
it is her dear, impulsive, affectionate way.
i knew itwithout asking, but i wanted to hear you say it.
the petted wife knowsshe is loved, but she makes her husband tell her so every day, just forthe joy of hearing it.... she used the pen this time.
that is better;the pencil-marks could rub out, and i should grieve for that.
did yousuggest that she use the pen?"
"y--no--she--it was her own idea."
the mother looked her pleasure, and said:"i was hoping you would say that.
there was never such a dear andthoughtful child!...
"go and tell her i think of her all the time, and worship her.
why--youare crying again.
don't be so worried about me, dear; i think there isnothing to fear, yet."
the grieving messenger carried her message, and piously delivered itto unheeding ears.
the girl babbled on unaware; looking up at her withwondering and startled eyes flaming with fever, eyes in which was nolight of recognition:"are you--no, you are not my mother.
i want her--oh, i want her!
she washere a minute ago--i did not see her go.
will she come?
will she comequickly?
will she come now?...
there are so many houses ... and theyoppress me so... and everything whirls and turns and whirls... oh, myhead, my head!"
--and so she wandered on and on, in her pain, flittingfrom one torturing fancy to another, and tossing her arms about in aweary and ceaseless persecution of unrest.
poor old hannah wetted the parched lips and softly stroked the hot brow,murmuring endearing and pitying words, and thanking the father of allthat the mother was happy and did not know.
daily the child sank lower and steadily lower towards the grave, anddaily the sorrowing old watchers carried gilded tidings of her radianthealth and loveliness to the happy mother, whose pilgrimage was also nownearing its end.
and daily they forged loving and cheery notes in thechild's hand, and stood by with remorseful consciences and bleedinghearts, and wept to see the grateful mother devour them and adore themand treasure them away as things beyond price, because of their sweetsource, and sacred because her child's hand had touched them.
at last came that kindly friend who brings healing and peace to all.
the lights were burning low.
in the solemn hush which precedes the dawnvague figures flitted soundless along the dim hall and gathered silentand awed in helen's chamber, and grouped themselves about her bed, fora warning had gone forth, and they knew.
the dying girl lay with closedlids, and unconscious, the drapery upon her breast faintly rising andfalling as her wasting life ebbed away.
at intervals a sigh or a muffledsob broke upon the stillness.
the same haunting thought was in all mindsthere: the pity of this death, the going out into the great darkness,and the mother not here to help and hearten and bless.
helen stirred; her hands began to grope wistfully about as if theysought something--she had been blind some hours.
the end was come; allknew it.
with a great sob hester gathered her to her breast, crying,"oh, my child, my darling!"
a rapturous light broke in the dying girl'sface, for it was mercifully vouchsafed her to mistake those shelteringarms for another's; and she went to her rest murmuring, "oh, mamma, i amso happy--i longed for you--now i can die."
two hours later hester made her report.
the mother asked:"how is it with the child?"
"she is well."
a sheaf of white crape and black was hung upon the door of the house,and there it swayed and rustled in the wind and whispered its tidings.
at noon the preparation of the dead was finished, and in the coffin laythe fair young form, beautiful, and in the sweet face a great peace.
twomourners sat by it, grieving and worshipping--hannah and the black womantilly.
hester came, and she was trembling, for a great trouble was uponher spirit.
she said:"she asks for a note."
hannah's face blanched.
she had not thought of this; it had seemed thatthat pathetic service was ended.
but she realized now that that couldnot be.
for a little while the two women stood looking into each other'sface, with vacant eyes; then hannah said:"there is no way out of it--she must have it; she will suspect, else."
"and she would find out."
it would break her heart."
she looked at the dead face, and hereyes filled.
"i will write it," she said.
hester carried it.
the closing line said:"darling mousie, dear sweet mother, we shall soon be together again.
isnot that good news?
and it is true; they all say it is true."
the mother mourned, saying:"poor child, how will she bear it when she knows?
i shall never see heragain in life.
it is hard, so hard.
she does not suspect?
you guard herfrom that?"
"she thinks you will soon be well."
"how good you are, and careful, dear aunt hester!
none goes near herrwho could carry the infection?"
"it would be a crime."
"but you see her?"
"with a distance between--yes."
"that is so good.
others one could not trust; but you two guardianangels--steel is not so true as you.
others would be unfaithful; andmany would deceive, and lie."
hester's eyes fell, and her poor old lips trembled.
"let me kiss you for her, aunt hester; and when i am gone, and thedanger is past, place the kiss upon her dear lips some day, and say hermother sent it, and all her mother's broken heart is in it."
within the hour, hester, raining tears upon the dead face, performed herpathetic mission.
another day dawned, and grew, and spread its sunshine in the earth.
aunthannah brought comforting news to the failing mother, and a happy note,which said again, "we have but a little time to wait, darling mother,then we shall be together."
the deep note of a bell came moaning down the wind.
"aunt hannah, it is tolling.
some poor soul is at rest.
as i shall besoon.
you will not let her forget me?"
"oh, god knows she never will!"
"do not you hear strange noises, aunt hannah?
it sounds like theshuffling of many feet."
"we hoped you would not hear it, dear.
it is a little company gathering,for--for helen's sake, poor little prisoner.
there will be music--andshe loves it so.
we thought you would not mind."
oh no, no--oh, give her everything her dear heart can desire.
howgood you two are to her, and how good to me!
god bless you both always!"
after a listening pause:"how lovely!
it is her organ.
is she playing it herself, do you think?"
faint and rich and inspiring the chords floating to her ears on thestill air.
"yes, it is her touch, dear heart, i recognize it.
why--it is a hymn!
and the sacredest of all, the most touching,the most consoling.... it seems to open the gates of paradise to me....if i could die now...."faint and far the words rose out of the stillness:     nearer, my god, to thee,     nearer to thee,     e'en though it be a cross     that raiseth me.
with the closing of the hymn another soul passed to its rest, and theythat had been one in life were not sundered in death.
the sisters,mourning and rejoicing, said:"how blessed it was that she never knew!"
at midnight they sat together, grieving, and the angel of the lordappeared in the midst transfigured with a radiance not of earth; andspeaking, said:"for liars a place is appointed.
there they burn in the fires of hellfrom everlasting unto everlasting.
the bereaved fell upon their knees before him and clasped their handsand bowed their gray heads, adoring.
but their tongues clove to the roofof their mouths, and they were dumb.
that i may bear the message to the chancery of heaven and bringagain the decree from which there is no appeal."
then they bowed their heads yet lower, and one said:"our sin is great, and we suffer shame; but only perfect and finalrepentance can make us whole; and we are poor creatures who have learnedour human weakness, and we know that if we were in those hard straitsagain our hearts would fail again, and we should sin as before.
thestrong could prevail, and so be saved, but we are lost."
they lifted their heads in supplication.
the angel was gone.
whilethey marveled and wept he came again; and bending low, he whispered thedecree.
was it heaven?
a cure for the bluesby courtesy of mr. cable i came into possession of a singular bookeight or ten years ago.
it is likely that mine is now the only copy inexistence.
its title-page, unabbreviated, reads as follows:"the enemy conquered; or, love triumphant.
by g. ragsdale mcclintock,(1) author of 'an address,' etc., delivered at sunflower hill, southcarolina, and member of the yale law school.
new haven: published by t.h. pease, 83 chapel street, 1845."
no one can take up this book and lay it down again unread.
whoever readsone line of it is caught, is chained; he has become the contented slaveof its fascinations; and he will read and read, devour and devour, andwill not let it go out of his hand till it is finished to the last line,though the house be on fire over his head.
and after a first reading hewill not throw it aside, but will keep it by him, with his shakespeareand his homer, and will take it up many and many a time, when theworld is dark and his spirits are low, and be straightway cheered andrefreshed.
yet this work has been allowed to lie wholly neglected,unmentioned, and apparently unregretted, for nearly half a century.
the reader must not imagine that he is to find in it wisdom, brilliancy,fertility of invention, ingenuity of construction, excellence of form,purity of style, perfection of imagery, truth to nature, clearness ofstatement, humanly possible situations, humanly possible people, fluentnarrative, connected sequence of events--or philosophy, or logic, orsense.
no; the rich, deep, beguiling charm of the book lies in the totaland miraculous absence from it of all these qualities--a charm which iscompleted and perfected by the evident fact that the author, whose naiveinnocence easily and surely wins our regard, and almost our worship,does not know that they are absent, does not even suspect that they areabsent.
when read by the light of these helps to an understanding of thesituation, the book is delicious--profoundly and satisfyingly delicious.
i call it a book because the author calls it a book, i call it a workbecause he calls it a work; but, in truth, it is merely a duodecimopamphlet of thirty-one pages.
it was written for fame and money, as theauthor very frankly--yes, and very hopefully, too, poor fellow--saysin his preface.
the money never came--no penny of it ever came; and howlong, how pathetically long, the fame has been deferred--forty-sevenyears!
he was young then, it would have been so much to him then; butwill he care for it now?
as time is measured in america, mcclintock's epoch is antiquity.
in hislong-vanished day the southern author had a passion for "eloquence";it was his pet, his darling.
he would be eloquent, or perish.
and herecognized only one kind of eloquence--the lurid, the tempestuous, thevolcanic.
he liked words--big words, fine words, grand words, rumbling,thundering, reverberating words; with sense attaching if it could be gotin without marring the sound, but not otherwise.
he loved to standup before a dazed world, and pour forth flame and smoke and lava andpumice-stone into the skies, and work his subterranean thunders, andshake himself with earthquakes, and stench himself with sulphur fumes.
if he consumed his own fields and vineyards, that was a pity, yes; buthe would have his eruption at any cost.
mr. mcclintock's eloquence--andhe is always eloquent, his crater is always spouting--is of the patterncommon to his day, but he departs from the custom of the time in onerespect: his brethren allowed sense to intrude when it did not mar thesound, but he does not allow it to intrude at all.
for example, considerthis figure, which he used in the village "address" referred to withsuch candid complacency in the title-page above quoted--"like thetopmost topaz of an ancient tower."
please read it again; contemplateit; measure it; walk around it; climb up it; try to get at anapproximate realization of the size of it.
is the fellow to that to befound in literature, ancient or modern, foreign or domestic, living ordead, drunk or sober?
one notices how fine and grand it sounds.
we knowthat if it was loftily uttered, it got a noble burst of applause fromthe villagers; yet there isn't a ray of sense in it, or meaning to it.
mcclintock finished his education at yale in 1843, and came to hartfordon a visit that same year.
i have talked with men who at that timetalked with him, and felt of him, and knew he was real.
one needs toremember that fact and to keep fast hold of it; it is the only way tokeep mcclintock's book from undermining one's faith in mcclintock'sactuality.
as to the book.
the first four pages are devoted to an inflamedeulogy of woman--simply woman in general, or perhaps as aninstitution--wherein, among other compliments to her details, he pays aunique one to her voice.
he says it "fills the breast with fond alarms,echoed by every rill."
it sounds well enough, but it is not true.
afterthe eulogy he takes up his real work and the novel begins.
it begins inthe woods, near the village of sunflower hill.
brightening clouds seemed to rise from the mist of the fairchattahoochee, to spread their beauty over the thick forest, to guidethe hero whose bosom beats with aspirations to conquer the enemy thatwould tarnish his name, and to win back the admiration of his long-triedfriend.
it seems a general remark, but it is not general; the hero mentioned isthe to-be hero of the book; and in this abrupt fashion, and withoutname or description, he is shoveled into the tale.
"with aspirations toconquer the enemy that would tarnish his name" is merely a phrase flungin for the sake of the sound--let it not mislead the reader.
no one istrying to tarnish this person; no one has thought of it.
the rest of thesentence is also merely a phrase; the man has no friend as yet, andof course has had no chance to try him, or win back his admiration, ordisturb him in any other way.
the hero climbs up over "sawney's mountain," and down the other side,making for an old indian "castle"--which becomes "the red man's hut"in the next sentence; and when he gets there at last, he "surveys withwonder and astonishment" the invisible structure, "which time has buriedin the dust, and thought to himself his happiness was not yet complete."
one doesn't know why it wasn't, nor how near it came to being complete,nor what was still wanting to round it up and make it so.
maybe it wasthe indian; but the book does not say.
at this point we have an episode:beside the shore of the brook sat a young man, about eighteen or twenty,who seemed to be reading some favorite book, and who had a remarkablynoble countenance--eyes which betrayed more than a common mind.
thisof course made the youth a welcome guest, and gained him friends inwhatever condition of his life he might be placed.
the traveler observedthat he was a well-built figure which showed strength and grace in everymovement.
he accordingly addressed him in quite a gentlemanly manner,and inquired of him the way to the village.
after he had received thedesired information, and was about taking his leave, the youth said,"are you not major elfonzo, the great musician (2)--the champion of anoble cause--the modern achilles, who gained so many victories in theflorida war?"
"i bear that name," said the major, "and those titles,trusting at the same time that the ministers of grace will carry metriumphantly through all my laudable undertakings, and if," continuedthe major, "you, sir, are the patronizer of noble deeds, i should liketo make you my confidant and learn your address."
the youth lookedsomewhat amazed, bowed low, mused for a moment, and began: "my name isroswell.
i have been recently admitted to the bar, and can only give afaint outline of my future success in that honorable profession; but itrust, sir, like the eagle, i shall look down from the lofty rocks uponthe dwellings of man, and shall ever be ready to give you any assistancein my official capacity, and whatever this muscular arm of mine cando, whenever it shall be called from its buried greatness."
the majorgrasped him by the hand, and exclaimed: "o!
thou exalted spirit ofinspiration--thou flame of burning prosperity, may the heaven-directedblaze be the glare of thy soul, and battle down every rampart that seemsto impede your progress!"
there is a strange sort of originality about mcclintock; he imitatesother people's styles, but nobody can imitate his, not even an idiot.
other people can be windy, but mcclintock blows a gale; other people canblubber sentiment, but mcclintock spews it; other people can mishandlemetaphors, but only mcclintock knows how to make a business of it.
mcclintock is always mcclintock, he is always consistent, his style isalways his own style.
he does not make the mistake of being relevant onone page and irrelevant on another; he is irrelevant on all of them.
he does not make the mistake of being lucid in one place and obscurein another; he is obscure all the time.
he does not make the mistakeof slipping in a name here and there that is out of character withhis work; he always uses names that exactly and fantastically fit hislunatics.
in the matter of undeviating consistency he stands alone inauthorship.
it is this that makes his style unique, and entitles it toa name of its own--mcclintockian.
it is this that protects it from beingmistaken for anybody else's.
uncredited quotations from other writersoften leave a reader in doubt as to their authorship, but mcclintock issafe from that accident; an uncredited quotation from him would alwaysbe recognizable.
when a boy nineteen years old, who had just beenadmitted to the bar, says, "i trust, sir, like the eagle, i shalllook down from lofty rocks upon the dwellings of man," we know who isspeaking through that boy; we should recognize that note anywhere.
therebe myriads of instruments in this world's literary orchestra, and amultitudinous confusion of sounds that they make, wherein fiddlesare drowned, and guitars smothered, and one sort of drum mistakenfor another sort; but whensoever the brazen note of the mcclintockiantrombone breaks through that fog of music, that note is recognizable,and about it there can be no blur of doubt.
the novel now arrives at the point where the major goes home to see hisfather.
when mcclintock wrote this interview he probably believed it waspathetic.
the road which led to the town presented many attractions elfonzo hadbid farewell to the youth of deep feeling, and was now wending his wayto the dreaming spot of his fondness.
the south winds whistled throughthe woods, as the waters dashed against the banks, as rapid fire in thepent furnace roars.
this brought him to remember while alone, that hequietly left behind the hospitality of a father's house, and gladlyentered the world, with higher hopes than are often realized.
but as hejourneyed onward, he was mindful of the advice of his father, who hadoften looked sadly on the ground, when tears of cruelly deceived hopemoistened his eyes.
elfonzo had been somewhat a dutiful son; yet fondof the amusements of life--had been in distant lands--had enjoyed thepleasure of the world, and had frequently returned to the scenes ofhis boyhood, almost destitute of many of the comforts of life.
in thiscondition, he would frequently say to his father, "have i offended you,that you look upon me as a stranger, and frown upon me with stinginglooks?
will you not favor me with the sound of your voice?
if i havetrampled upon your veneration, or have spread a humid veil of darknessaround your expectations, send me back into the world, where no heartbeats for me--where the foot of man had never yet trod; but give me atleast one kind word--allow me to come into the presence sometimes ofthy winter-worn locks."
"forbid it, heaven, that i should be angry withthee," answered the father, "my son, and yet i send thee back to thechildren of the world--to the cold charity of the combat, and to aland of victory.
i read another destiny in thy countenance--i learnthy inclinations from the flame that has already kindled in my soula strange sensation.
it will seek thee, my dear elfonzo, it will findthee--thou canst not escape that lighted torch, which shall blot outfrom the remembrance of men a long train of prophecies which they haveforetold against thee.
i once thought not so.
once, i was blind; butnow the path of life is plain before me, and my sight is clear; yet,elfonzo, return to thy worldly occupation--take again in thy hand thatchord of sweet sounds--struggle with the civilized world and with yourown heart; fly swiftly to the enchanted ground--let the night-owl sendforth its screams from the stubborn oak--let the sea sport upon thebeach, and the stars sing together; but learn of these, elfonzo, thydoom, and thy hiding-place.
our most innocent as well as our most lawfuldesires must often be denied us, that we may learn to sacrifice them toa higher will."
remembering such admonitions with gratitude, elfonzo was immediatelyurged by the recollection of his father's family to keep moving.
mcclintock has a fine gift in the matter of surprises; but as a rulethey are not pleasant ones, they jar upon the feelings.
his closingsentence in the last quotation is of that sort.
it brings one down outof the tinted clouds in too sudden and collapsed a fashion.
it incensesone against the author for a moment.
it makes the reader want to takehim by this winter-worn locks, and trample on his veneration, anddeliver him over to the cold charity of combat, and blot him out withhis own lighted torch.
but the feeling does not last.
the master takesagain in his hand that concord of sweet sounds of his, and one isreconciled, pacified.
his steps became quicker and quicker--he hastened through the pinywoods, dark as the forest was, and with joy he very soon reached thelittle village of repose, in whose bosom rested the boldest chivalry.
his close attention to every important object--his modest questionsabout whatever was new to him--his reverence for wise old age, and hisardent desire to learn many of the fine arts, soon brought him intorespectable notice.
one mild winter day, as he walked along the streets toward the academy,which stood upon a small eminence, surrounded by native growth--somevenerable in its appearance, others young and prosperous--all seemedinviting, and seemed to be the very place for learning as well as forgenius to spend its research beneath its spreading shades.
he enteredits classic walls in the usual mode of southern manners.
the artfulness of this man!
none knows so well as he how to pique thecuriosity of the reader--and how to disappoint it.
he raises the hope,here, that he is going to tell all about how one enters a classic wallin the usual mode of southern manners; but does he?
no; he smiles in hissleeve, and turns aside to other matters.
the principal of the institution begged him to be seated and listen tothe recitations that were going on.
he accordingly obeyed the request,and seemed to be much pleased.
after the school was dismissed, and theyoung hearts regained their freedom, with the songs of the evening,laughing at the anticipated pleasures of a happy home, while otherstittered at the actions of the past day, he addressed the teacher in atone that indicated a resolution--with an undaunted mind.
he said he haddetermined to become a student, if he could meet with his approbation.
"sir," said he, "i have spent much time in the world.
i have traveledamong the uncivilized inhabitants of america.
i have met with friends,and combated with foes; but none of these gratify my ambition, or decidewhat is to be my destiny.
i see the learned world have an influencewith the voice of the people themselves.
the despoilers of the remotestkingdoms of the earth refer their differences to this class of persons.
this the illiterate and inexperienced little dream of; and now if youwill receive me as i am, with these deficiencies--with all my misguidedopinions, i will give you my honor, sir, that i will never disgrace theinstitution, or those who have placed you in this honorable station."
the instructor, who had met with many disappointments, knew how tofeel for a stranger who had been thus turned upon the charities of anunfeeling community.
he looked at him earnestly, and said: "be ofgood cheer--look forward, sir, to the high destination you may attain.
remember, the more elevated the mark at which you aim, the more sure,the more glorious, the more magnificent the prize."
from wonder towonder, his encouragement led the impatient listener.
a strange naturebloomed before him--giant streams promised him success--gardens ofhidden treasures opened to his view.
all this, so vividly described,seemed to gain a new witchery from his glowing fancy.
it seems to me that this situation is new in romance.
i feel sure it hasnot been attempted before.
military celebrities have been disguised andset at lowly occupations for dramatic effect, but i think mcclintock isthe first to send one of them to school.
thus, in this book, you passfrom wonder to wonder, through gardens of hidden treasure, where giantstreams bloom before you, and behind you, and all around, and you feelas happy, and groggy, and satisfied with your quart of mixed metaphoraboard as you would if it had been mixed in a sample-room and deliveredfrom a jug.
now we come upon some more mcclintockian surprise--a sweetheart who issprung upon us without any preparation, along with a name for her whichis even a little more of a surprise than she herself is.
in 1842 he entered the class, and made rapid progress in the englishand latin departments.
indeed, he continued advancing with such rapiditythat he was like to become the first in his class, and made suchunexpected progress, and was so studious, that he had almost forgottenthe pictured saint of his affections.
the fresh wreaths of the pine andcypress had waited anxiously to drop once more the dews of heaven uponthe heads of those who had so often poured forth the tender emotions oftheir souls under its boughs.
he was aware of the pleasure that he hadseen there.
so one evening, as he was returning from his reading, heconcluded he would pay a visit to this enchanting spot.
little did hethink of witnessing a shadow of his former happiness, though no doubthe wished it might be so.
he continued sauntering by the roadside,meditating on the past.
the nearer he approached the spot, the moreanxious he became.
at that moment a tall female figure flitted acrosshis path, with a bunch of roses in her hand; her countenance showeduncommon vivacity, with a resolute spirit; her ivory teeth alreadyappeared as she smiled beautifully, promenading--while her ringlets ofhair dangled unconsciously around her snowy neck.
nothing was wantingto complete her beauty.
the tinge of the rose was in full bloom uponher cheek; the charms of sensibility and tenderness were always herassociates.
in ambulinia's bosom dwelt a noble soul--one that neverfaded--one that never was conquered.
it can hardly be matched in fiction.
the full name isambulinia valeer.
marriage will presently round it out and perfect it.
then it will be mrs. ambulinia valeer elfonzo.
it takes the chromo.
her heart yielded to no feeling but the love of elfonzo, on whom shegazed with intense delight, and to whom she felt herself more closelybound, because he sought the hand of no other.
elfonzo was rousedfrom his apparent reverie.
his books no longer were his inseparablecompanions--his thoughts arrayed themselves to encourage him to thefield of victory.
he endeavored to speak to his supposed ambulinia, buthis speech appeared not in words.
no, his effort was a stream of fire,that kindled his soul into a flame of admiration, and carried his sensesaway captive.
ambulinia had disappeared, to make him more mindful ofhis duty.
as she walked speedily away through the piny woods, she calmlyechoed: "o!
elfonzo, thou wilt now look from thy sunbeams.
thou shaltnow walk in a new path--perhaps thy way leads through darkness; but fearnot, the stars foretell happiness."
to mcclintock that jingling jumble of fine words meant something, nodoubt, or seemed to mean something; but it is useless for us to try todivine what it was.
ambulinia comes--we don't know whence nor why; shemysteriously intimates--we don't know what; and then she goes echoingaway--we don't know whither; and down comes the curtain.
mcclintock'sart is subtle; mcclintock's art is deep.
not many days afterward, as surrounded by fragrant flowers she sat oneevening at twilight, to enjoy the cool breeze that whispered notes ofmelody along the distant groves, the little birds perched on everyside, as if to watch the movements of their new visitor.
the bells weretolling, when elfonzo silently stole along by the wild wood flowers,holding in his hand his favorite instrument of music--his eyecontinually searching for ambulinia, who hardly seemed to perceive him,as she played carelessly with the songsters that hopped from branch tobranch.
nothing could be more striking than the difference between thetwo.
nature seemed to have given the more tender soul to elfonzo, andthe stronger and more courageous to ambulinia.
a deep feeling spoke fromthe eyes of elfonzo--such a feeling as can only be expressed by thosewho are blessed as admirers, and by those who are able to return thesame with sincerity of heart.
he was a few years older than ambulinia:she had turned a little into her seventeenth.
he had almost grown upin the cherokee country, with the same equal proportions as one of thenatives.
but little intimacy had existed between them until the yearforty-one--because the youth felt that the character of such a lovelygirl was too exalted to inspire any other feeling than that of quietreverence.
but as lovers will not always be insulted, at all times andunder all circumstances, by the frowns and cold looks of crabbed oldage, which should continually reflect dignity upon those around, andtreat the unfortunate as well as the fortunate with a graceful mien, hecontinued to use diligence and perseverance.
all this lighted a sparkin his heart that changed his whole character, and like the unyieldingdeity that follows the storm to check its rage in the forest, heresolves for the first time to shake off his embarrassment and returnwhere he had before only worshiped.
at last we begin to get the major's measure.
we are able to put thisand that casual fact together, and build the man up before our eyes,and look at him.
and after we have got him built, we find him worth thetrouble.
by the above comparison between his age and ambulinia's, weguess the war-worn veteran to be twenty-two; and the other facts standthus: he had grown up in the cherokee country with the same equalproportions as one of the natives--how flowing and graceful thelanguage, and yet how tantalizing as to meaning!--he had been turnedadrift by his father, to whom he had been "somewhat of a dutiful son";he wandered in distant lands; came back frequently "to the scenes of hisboyhood, almost destitute of many of the comforts of life," in order toget into the presence of his father's winter-worn locks, and spreada humid veil of darkness around his expectations; but he was alwayspromptly sent back to the cold charity of the combat again; he learnedto play the fiddle, and made a name for himself in that line; he haddwelt among the wild tribes; he had philosophized about the despoilersof the kingdoms of the earth, and found out--the cunning creature--thatthey refer their differences to the learned for settlement; he hadachieved a vast fame as a military chieftain, the achilles of theflorida campaigns, and then had got him a spelling-book and startedto school; he had fallen in love with ambulinia valeer while she wasteething, but had kept it to himself awhile, out of the reverential awewhich he felt for the child; but now at last, like the unyielding deitywho follows the storm to check its rage in the forest, he resolves toshake off his embarrassment, and to return where before he had onlyworshiped.
the major, indeed, has made up his mind to rise up and shakehis faculties together, and to see if he can't do that thing himself.
this is not clear.
but no matter about that: there stands the hero,compact and visible; and he is no mean structure, considering that hiscreator had never structure, considering that his creator had nevercreated anything before, and hadn't anything but rags and wind to buildwith this time.
it seems to me that no one can contemplate this oddcreature, this quaint and curious blatherskite, without admiringmcclintock, or, at any rate, loving him and feeling grateful to him; formcclintock made him, he gave him to us; without mcclintock we could nothave had him, and would now be poor.
but we must come to the feast again.
here is a courtship scene, downthere in the romantic glades among the raccoons, alligators, and things,that has merit, peculiar literary merit.
see how achilles woos.
dwell upon the second sentence (particularly the close of it) and thebeginning of the third.
never mind the new personage, leos, who isintruded upon us unheralded and unexplained.
that is mcclintock's way;it is his habit; it is a part of his genius; he cannot help it; he neverinterrupts the rush of his narrative to make introductions.
it could not escape ambulinia's penetrating eye that he sought aninterview with her, which she as anxiously avoided, and assumed a moredistant calmness than before, seemingly to destroy all hope.
after manyefforts and struggles with his own person, with timid steps the majorapproached the damsel, with the same caution as he would have done ina field of battle.
"lady ambulinia," said he, trembling, "i havelong desired a moment like this.
i dare not let it escape.
i fear theconsequences; yet i hope your indulgence will at least hear my petition.
can you not anticipate what i would say, and what i am about to express?
will not you, like minerva, who sprung from the brain of jupiter,release me from thy winding chains or cure me--" "say no more, elfonzo,"answered ambulinia, with a serious look, raising her hand as if sheintended to swear eternal hatred against the whole world; "anotherlady in my place would have perhaps answered your question in bittercoldness.
i know not the little arts of my sex.
i care but little forthe vanity of those who would chide me, and am unwilling as well asashamed to be guilty of anything that would lead you to think 'all isnot gold that glitters'; so be no rash in your resolution.
it is betterto repent now, than to do it in a more solemn hour.
yes, i know what youwould say.
i know you have a costly gift for me--the noblest thatman can make--your heart!
you should not offer it to one so unworthy.
heaven, you know, has allowed my father's house to be made a house ofsolitude, a home of silent obedience, which my parents say is more tobe admired than big names and high-sounding titles.
notwithstanding allthis, let me speak the emotions of an honest heart--allow me to say inthe fullness of my hopes that i anticipate better days.
the bird maystretch its wings toward the sun, which it can never reach; and flowersof the field appear to ascend in the same direction, because they cannotdo otherwise; but man confides his complaints to the saints in whom hebelieves; for in their abodes of light they know no more sorrow.
fromyour confession and indicative looks, i must be that person; if sodeceive not yourself."
elfonzo replied, "pardon me, my dear madam, for my frankness.
i haveloved you from my earliest days--everything grand and beautiful hathborne the image of ambulinia; while precipices on every hand surroundedme, your guardian angel stood and beckoned me away from the deep abyss.
in every trial, in every misfortune, i have met with your helping hand;yet i never dreamed or dared to cherish thy love, till a voice impairedwith age encouraged the cause, and declared they who acquired thy favorshould win a victory.
i saw how leos worshiped thee.
i felt my ownunworthiness.
i began to know jealously, a strong guest--indeed, in mybosom,--yet i could see if i gained your admiration leos was to be myrival.
i was aware that he had the influence of your parents, and thewealth of a deceased relative, which is too often mistaken for permanentand regular tranquillity; yet i have determined by your permissionto beg an interest in your prayers--to ask you to animate my droopingspirits by your smiles and your winning looks; for if you but speak ishall be conqueror, my enemies shall stagger like olympus shakes.
andthough earth and sea may tremble, and the charioteer of the sun mayforget his dashing steed, yet i am assured that it is only to arm mewith divine weapons which will enable me to complete my long-triedintention."
"return to yourself, elfonzo," said ambulinia, pleasantly: "a dreamof vision has disturbed your intellect; you are above the atmosphere,dwelling in the celestial regions; nothing is there that urges orhinders, nothing that brings discord into our present litigation.
ientreat you to condescend a little, and be a man, and forget it all.
when homer describes the battle of the gods and noble men fighting withgiants and dragons, they represent under this image our struggles withthe delusions of our passions.
you have exalted me, an unhappy girl, tothe skies; you have called me a saint, and portrayed in your imaginationan angel in human form.
let her remain such to you, let her continue tobe as you have supposed, and be assured that she will consider a sharein your esteem as her highest treasure.
think not that i would allureyou from the path in which your conscience leads you; for you know irespect the conscience of others, as i would die for my own.
elfonzo, ifi am worthy of thy love, let such conversation never again pass betweenus.
go, seek a nobler theme!
we will seek it in the stream of time, asthe sun set in the tigris."
as she spake these words she grasped thehand of elfonzo, saying at the same time--"peace and prosperityattend you, my hero; be up and doing!"
closing her remarks with thisexpression, she walked slowly away, leaving elfonzo astonished andamazed.
he ventured not to follow or detain her.
here he stood alone,gazing at the stars; confounded as he was, here he stood.
yes; there he stood.
there seems to be no doubt about that.
nearly halfof this delirious story has now been delivered to the reader.
it seems apity to reduce the other half to a cold synopsis.
it is morethan a pity, it is a crime; for to synopsize mcclintock is to reducea sky-flushing conflagration to dull embers, it is to reduce barbaricsplendor to ragged poverty.
mcclintock never wrote a line that was notprecious; he never wrote one that could be spared; he never framed onefrom which a word could be removed without damage.
every sentence thatthis master has produced may be likened to a perfect set of teeth,white, uniform, beautiful.
if you pull one, the charm is gone.
still, it is now necessary to begin to pull, and to keep it up; for lackof space requires us to synopsize.
we left elfonzo standing there amazed.
at what, we do not know.
not atthe girl's speech.
no; we ourselves should have been amazed at it,of course, for none of us has ever heard anything resembling it; butelfonzo was used to speeches made up of noise and vacancy, and couldlisten to them with undaunted mind like the "topmost topaz of an ancienttower"; he was used to making them himself; he--but let it go, it cannotbe guessed out; we shall never know what it was that astonished him.
hestood there awhile; then he said, "alas!
am i now grief's disappointedson at last?"
he did not stop to examine his mind, and to try to findout what he probably meant by that, because, for one reason, "a mixtureof ambition and greatness of soul moved upon his young heart," andstarted him for the village.
he resumed his bench in school, "andreasonably progressed in his education."
his heart was heavy, buthe went into society, and sought surcease of sorrow in its lightdistractions.
he made himself popular with his violin, "which seemed tohave a thousand chords--more symphonious than the muses of apollo, andmore enchanting than the ghost of the hills."
this is obscure, but letit go.
during this interval leos did some unencouraged courting, but at last,"choked by his undertaking," he desisted.
presently "elfonzo again wends his way to the stately walls andnew-built village."
he goes to the house of his beloved; she opens thedoor herself.
to my surprise--for ambulinia's heart had still seemedfree at the time of their last interview--love beamed from the girl'seyes.
one sees that elfonzo was surprised, too; for when he caught thatlight, "a halloo of smothered shouts ran through every vein."
a neatfigure--a very neat figure, indeed!
then he kissed her.
"the scene wasoverwhelming."
they went into the parlor.
the girl said it was safe,for her parents were abed, and would never know.
then we have thisfine picture--flung upon the canvas with hardly an effort, as you willnotice.
advancing toward him, she gave a bright display of her rosy neck, andfrom her head the ambrosial locks breathed divine fragrance; her robehung waving to his view, while she stood like a goddess confessed beforehim.
there is nothing of interest in the couple's interview.
now at thispoint the girl invites elfonzo to a village show, where jealousy is themotive of the play, for she wants to teach him a wholesome lesson, if heis a jealous person.
but this is a sham, and pretty shallow.
mcclintockmerely wants a pretext to drag in a plagiarism of his upon a scene ortwo in "othello."
the lovers went to the play.
elfonzo was one of the fiddlers.
he andambulinia must not been seen together, lest trouble follow with thegirl's malignant father; we are made to understand that clearly.
so thetwo sit together in the orchestra, in the midst of the musicians.
thisdoes not seem to be good art.
in the first place, the girl would be inthe way, for orchestras are always packed closely together, and thereis no room to spare for people's girls; in the next place, one cannotconceal a girl in an orchestra without everybody taking notice of it.
there can be no doubt, it seems to me, that this is bad art.
leos is present.
of course, one of the first things that catches his eyeis the maddening spectacle of ambulinia "leaning upon elfonzo's chair."
this poor girl does not seem to understand even the rudiments ofconcealment.
but she is "in her seventeenth," as the author phrases it,and that is her justification.
leos meditates, constructs a plan--with personal violence as a basis,of course.
it was their way down there.
it is a good plain plan, withoutany imagination in it.
he will go out and stand at the front door, andwhen these two come out he will "arrest ambulinia from the hands of theinsolent elfonzo," and thus make for himself a "more prosperous field ofimmortality than ever was decreed by omnipotence, or ever pencil drewor artist imagined."
but, dear me, while he is waiting there the coupleclimb out at the back window and scurry home!
this is romantic enough,but there is a lack of dignity in the situation.
at this point mcclintock puts in the whole of his curious play--which weskip.
some correspondence follows now.
the bitter father and the distressedlovers write the letters.
elopements are attempted.
they are idioticallyplanned, and they fail.
then we have several pages of romantic powwowand confusion dignifying nothing.
another elopement is planned; it is totake place on sunday, when everybody is at church.
but the "hero" cannotkeep the secret; he tells everybody.
another author would have foundanother instrument when he decided to defeat this elopement; but that isnot mcclintock's way.
he uses the person that is nearest at hand.
the evasion failed, of course.
ambulinia, in her flight, takes refugein a neighbor's house.
her father drags her home.
the villagers gather,attracted by the racket.
elfonzo was moved at this sight.
the people followed on to see what wasgoing to become of ambulinia, while he, with downcast looks, kept ata distance, until he saw them enter the abode of the father, thrustingher, that was the sigh of his soul, out of his presence into a solitaryapartment, when she exclaimed, "elfonzo!
whereart thou, with all thy heroes?
haste, come thou to my relief.
ride on the wings of the wind!
turn thy force loose like a tempest, androll on thy army like a whirlwind, over this mountain of trouble andconfusion.
if any pity me, let your last efforts throng uponthe green hills, and come to the relief of ambulinia, who is guilty ofnothing but innocent love."
elfonzo called out with a loud voice, "mygod, can i stand this!
arouse up, i beseech you, and put an end to thistyranny.
come, my brave boys," said he, "are you ready to go forth toyour duty?"
they stood around him.
"who," said he, "will call us toarms?
where are my thunderbolts of war?
speak ye, the first who willmeet the foe!
who will go forward with me in this ocean of grievoustemptation?
if there is one who desires to go, let him come and shakehands upon the altar of devotion, and swear that he will be a hero; yes,a hector in a cause like this, which calls aloud for a speedy remedy."
"mine be the deed," said a young lawyer, "and mine alone; venus aloneshall quit her station before i will forsake one jot or tittle of mypromise to you; what is death to me?
what is all this warlike army,if it is not to win a victory?
i love the sleep of the lover and themighty; nor would i give it over till the blood of my enemies shouldwreak with that of my own.
but god forbid that our fame should soaron the blood of the slumberer."
mr. valeer stands at his door with thefrown of a demon upon his brow, with his dangerous weapon (3) ready tostrike the first man who should enter his door.
"who will arise and goforward through blood and carnage to the rescue of my ambulinia?"
"all," exclaimed the multitude; and onward they went, withtheir implements of battle.
others, of a more timid nature, stood amongthe distant hills to see the result of the contest.
it will hardly be believed that after all this thunder and lightning nota drop of rain fell; but such is the fact.
elfonzo and his gang stood upand black-guarded mr. valeer with vigor all night, getting their outlayback with interest; then in the early morning the army and its generalretired from the field, leaving the victory with their solitaryadversary and his crowbar.
this is the first time this has happened inromantic literature.
the invention is original.
everything in this bookis original; there is nothing hackneyed about it anywhere.
always, inother romances, when you find the author leading up to a climax, youknow what is going to happen.
but in this book it is different; thething which seems inevitable and unavoidable never happens; it iscircumvented by the art of the author every time.
another elopement was attempted.
we have now arrived at the end.
but it is not exciting.
mcclintockthinks it is; but it isn't.
one day elfonzo sent ambulinia anothernote--a note proposing elopement no.
16. this time the plan isadmirable; admirable, sagacious, ingenious, imaginative, deep--oh,everything, and perfectly easy.
one wonders why it was never thought ofbefore.
this is the scheme.
ambulinia is to leave the breakfast-table,ostensibly to "attend to the placing of those flowers, which should havebeen done a week ago"--artificial ones, of course; the others wouldn'tkeep so long--and then, instead of fixing the flowers, she is to walkout to the grove, and go off with elfonzo.
the invention of this planoverstrained the author that is plain, for he straightway shows failingpowers.
the details of the plan are not many or elaborate.
the authorshall state them himself--this good soul, whose intentions are alwaysbetter than his english:"you walk carelessly toward the academy grove, where you will find mewith a lightning steed, elegantly equipped to bear you off where weshall be joined in wedlock with the first connubial rights."
last scene of all, which the author, now much enfeebled, tries tosmarten up and make acceptable to his spectacular heart by introducingsome new properties--silver bow, golden harp, olive branch--things thatcan all come good in an elopement, no doubt, yet are not to be comparedto an umbrella for real handiness and reliability in an excursion ofthat kind.
and away she ran to the sacred grove, surrounded with glittering pearls,that indicated her coming.
elfonzo hails her with his silver bow and hisgolden harp.
they meet--ambulinia's countenance brightens--elfonzo leadsup the winged steed.
"mount," said he, "ye true-hearted, ye fearlesssoul--the day is ours."
she sprang upon the back of the youngthunderbolt, a brilliant star sparkles upon her head, with one hand shegrasps the reins, and with the other she holds an olive branch.
"lendthy aid, ye strong winds," they exclaimed, "ye moon, ye sun, and all yefair host of heaven, witness the enemy conquered."
"hold," said elfonzo,"thy dashing steed."
"ride on," said ambulinia, "the voice of thunder isbehind us."
and onward they went, with such rapidity that they very soonarrived at rural retreat, where they dismounted, and were united withall the solemnities that usually attended such divine operations.
there is but one homer, there is but one shakespeare, there is but onemcclintock--and his immortal book is before you.
homer could not havewritten this book, shakespeare could not have written it, i could nothave done it myself.
there is nothing just like it in the literature ofany country or of any epoch.
it stands alone; it is monumental.
itadds g. ragsdale mcclintock's to the sum of the republic's imperishablenames.
1. the name here given is a substitute for the one actually attached tothe pamphlet.
2. further on it will be seen that he is a country expert on the fiddle,and has a three-township fame.
3. it is a crowbar.
the curious bookcomplete(the foregoing review of the great work of g. ragsdale mcclintock isliberally illuminated with sample extracts, but these cannot appease theappetite.
only the complete book, unabridged, can do that.
therefore itis here printed.--m.t.)
the enemy conquered; or, love triumphant     sweet girl, thy smiles are full of charms,     thy voice is sweeter still,     it fills the breast with fond alarms,     echoed by every rill.
i begin this little work with an eulogy upon woman, who has ever beendistinguished for her perseverance, her constancy, and her devotedattention to those upon whom she has been pleased to place heraffections.
many have been the themes upon which writers and publicspeakers have dwelt with intense and increasing interest.
among thesedelightful themes stands that of woman, the balm to all our sighs anddisappointments, and the most pre-eminent of all other topics.
here thepoet and orator have stood and gazed with wonder and with admiration;they have dwelt upon her innocence, the ornament of all her virtues.
first viewing her external charms, such as set forth in her form andbenevolent countenance, and then passing to the deep hidden springs ofloveliness and disinterested devotion.
in every clime, and in every age,she has been the pride of her nation.
her watchfulness is untiring; shewho guarded the sepulcher was the first to approach it, and the lastto depart from its awful yet sublime scene.
even here, in this highlyfavored land, we look to her for the security of our institutions, andfor our future greatness as a nation.
but, strange as it may appear,woman's charms and virtues are but slightly appreciated by thousands.
those who should raise the standard of female worth, and paint her valuewith her virtues, in living colors, upon the banners that are fanned bythe zephyrs of heaven, and hand them down to posterity as emblematicalof a rich inheritance, do not properly estimate them.
man is not sensible, at all times, of the nature and the emotions whichbear that name; he does not understand, he will not comprehend; hisintelligence has not expanded to that degree of glory which drinks inthe vast revolution of humanity, its end, its mighty destination, andthe causes which operated, and are still operating, to produce amore elevated station, and the objects which energize and enliven itsconsummation.
this he is a stranger to; he is not aware that woman isthe recipient of celestial love, and that man is dependent upon herto perfect his character; that without her, philosophically and trulyspeaking, the brightest of his intelligence is but the coldness of awinter moon, whose beams can produce no fruit, whose solar light is notits own, but borrowed from the great dispenser of effulgent beauty.
wehave no disposition in the world to flatter the fair sex, we would raisethem above those dastardly principles which only exist in little souls,contracted hearts, and a distracted brain.
often does she unfold herselfin all her fascinating loveliness, presenting the most captivatingcharms; yet we find man frequently treats such purity of purpose withindifference.
why does he do it?
why does he baffle that which isinevitably the source of his better days?
is he so much of a strangerto those excellent qualities as not to appreciate woman, as not to haverespect to her dignity?
since her art and beauty first captivated man,she has been his delight and his comfort; she has shared alike in hismisfortunes and in his prosperity.
whenever the billows of adversity and the tumultuous waves of troublebeat high, her smiles subdue their fury.
should the tear of sorrow andthe mournful sigh of grief interrupt the peace of his mind, her voiceremoves them all, and she bends from her circle to encourage him onward.
when darkness would obscure his mind, and a thick cloud of gloom wouldbewilder its operations, her intelligent eye darts a ray of streaminglight into his heart.
mighty and charming is that disinterested devotionwhich she is ever ready to exercise toward man, not waiting tillthe last moment of his danger, but seeks to relieve him in his earlyafflictions.
it gushes forth from the expansive fullness of a tender anddevoted heart, where the noblest, the purest, and the most elevated andrefined feelings are matured and developed in those may kind officeswhich invariably make her character.
in the room of sorrow and sickness, this unequaled characteristicmay always been seen, in the performance of the most charitable acts;nothing that she can do to promote the happiness of him who she claimsto be her protector will be omitted; all is invigorated by the animatingsunbeams which awaken the heart to songs of gaiety.
leaving this point,to notice another prominent consideration, which is generally one ofgreat moment and of vital importance.
invariably she is firm and steadyin all her pursuits and aims.
there is required a combination of forcesand extreme opposition to drive her from her position; she takes herstand, not to be moved by the sound of apollo's lyre or the curved bowof pleasure.
firm and true to what she undertakes, and that which she requires byher own aggrandizement, and regards as being within the strict rules ofpropriety, she will remain stable and unflinching to the last.
a moregenuine principle is not to be found in the most determined, resoluteheart of man.
for this she deserves to be held in the highestcommendation, for this she deserves the purest of all other blessings,and for this she deserves the most laudable reward of all others.
it isa noble characteristic and is worthy of imitation of any age.
and whenwe look at it in one particular aspect, it is still magnified, and growsbrighter and brighter the more we reflect upon its eternal duration.
what will she not do, when her word as well as her affections and loveare pledged to her lover?
everything that is dear to her on earth, allthe hospitalities of kind and loving parents, all the sincerity andloveliness of sisters, and the benevolent devotion of brothers, who havesurrounded her with every comfort; she will forsake them all, quit theharmony and sweet sound of the lute and the harp, and throw herself uponthe affections of some devoted admirer, in whom she fondly hopes tofind more than she has left behind, which is not often realized by many.
truth and virtue all combined!
how deserving our admiration and love!
ahcruel would it be in man, after she has thus manifested such an unshakenconfidence in him, and said by her determination to abandon all theendearments and blandishments of home, to act a villainous part, andprove a traitor in the revolution of his mission, and then turn hectorover the innocent victim whom he swore to protect, in the presence ofheaven, recorded by the pen of an angel.
striking as this train may unfold itself in her character, and aspre-eminent as it may stand among the fair display of her otherqualities, yet there is another, which struggles into existence, andadds an additional luster to what she already possesses.
i mean thatdisposition in woman which enables her, in sorrow, in grief, and indistress, to bear all with enduring patience.
this she has done, andcan and will do, amid the din of war and clash of arms.
scenes andoccurrences which, to every appearance, are calculated to rend the heartwith the profoundest emotions of trouble, do not fetter that exaltedprinciple imbued in her very nature.
it is true, her tender and feelingheart may often be moved (as she is thus constituted), but she is notconquered, she has not given up to the harlequin of disappointments, herenergies have not become clouded in the last movement of misfortune, butshe is continually invigorated by the archetype of her affections.
shemay bury her face in her hands, and let the tear of anguish roll, shemay promenade the delightful walks of some garden, decorated with allthe flowers of nature, or she may steal out along some gently ripplingstream, and there, as the silver waters uninterruptedly move forward,shed her silent tears; they mingle with the waves, and take a lastfarewell of their agitated home, to seek a peaceful dwelling amongthe rolling floods; yet there is a voice rushing from her breast, thatproclaims victory along the whole line and battlement of her affections.
that voice is the voice of patience and resignation; that voice isone that bears everything calmly and dispassionately, amid the mostdistressing scenes; when the fates are arrayed against her peace, andapparently plotting for her destruction, still she is resigned.
woman's affections are deep, consequently her troubles may be made tosink deep.
although you may not be able to mark the traces of her griefand the furrowings of her anguish upon her winning countenance, yet beassured they are nevertheless preying upon her inward person, sappingthe very foundation of that heart which alone was made for the weal andnot the woe of man.
the deep recesses of the soul are fields for theiroperation.
but they are not destined simply to take the regions ofthe heart for their dominion, they are not satisfied merely withinterrupting her better feelings; but after a while you may see theblooming cheek beginning to droop and fade, her intelligent eye nolonger sparkles with the starry light of heaven, her vibrating pulselong since changed its regular motion, and her palpitating bosom beatsonce more for the midday of her glory.
anxiety and care ultimately throwher into the arms of the haggard and grim monster death.
but, oh, howpatient, under every pining influence!
let us view the matter in boldercolors; see her when the dearest object of her affections recklesslyseeks every bacchanalian pleasure, contents himself with the lastrubbish of creation.
with what solicitude she awaits his return!
sleepfails to perform its office--she weeps while the nocturnal shades of thenight triumph in the stillness.
bending over some favorite book, whilstthe author throws before her mind the most beautiful imagery, shestartles at every sound.
the midnight silence is broken by the solemnannouncement of the return of another morning.
he is still absent; shelistens for that voice which has so often been greeted by the melodiesof her own; but, alas!
stern silence is all that she receives for hervigilance.
mark her unwearied watchfulness, as the night passes away.
at last,brutalized by the accursed thing, he staggers along with rage, and,shivering with cold, he makes his appearance.
not a murmur is heard fromher lips.
on the contrary, she meets him with a smile--she caresses himwith tender arms, with all the gentleness and softness of her sex.
here,then, is seen her disposition, beautifully arrayed.
woman, thou art moreto be admired than the spicy gales of arabia, and more sought for thanthe gold of golconda.
we believe that woman should associate freely withman, and we believe that it is for the preservation of her rights.
sheshould become acquainted with the metaphysical designs of those whocondescended to sing the siren song of flattery.
this, we think, shouldbe according to the unwritten law of decorum, which is stamped uponevery innocent heart.
the precepts of prudery are often steeped in theguilt of contamination, which blasts the expectations of better moments.
truth, and beautiful dreams--loveliness, and delicacy of character, withcherished affections of the ideal woman--gentle hopes and aspirations,are enough to uphold her in the storms of darkness, without thetransferred colorings of a stained sufferer.
how often have we seen itin our public prints, that woman occupies a false station in the world!
and some have gone so far as to say it was an unnatural one.
so long hasshe been regarded a weak creature, by the rabble and illiterate--theyhave looked upon her as an insufficient actress on the great stage ofhuman life--a mere puppet, to fill up the drama of human existence--athoughtless, inactive being--that she has too often come to the sameconclusion herself, and has sometimes forgotten her high destination, inthe meridian of her glory.
we have but little sympathy or patience forthose who treat her as a mere rosy melindi--who are always fishing forpretty complements--who are satisfied by the gossamer of romance,and who can be allured by the verbosity of high-flown words, rich inlanguage, but poor and barren in sentiment.
beset, as she has been, bythe intellectual vulgar, the selfish, the designing, the cunning, thehidden, and the artful--no wonder she has sometimes folded her wingsin despair, and forgotten her heavenly mission in the delirium ofimagination; no wonder she searches out some wild desert, to find apeaceful home.
but this cannot always continue.
a new era is movinggently onward, old things are rapidly passing away; old superstitions,old prejudices, and old notions are now bidding farewell to their oldassociates and companions, and giving way to one whose wings are plumedwith the light of heaven and tinged by the dews of the morning.
thereis a remnant of blessedness that clings to her in spite of all evilinfluence, there is enough of the divine master left to accomplish thenoblest work ever achieved under the canopy of the vaulted skies; andthat time is fast approaching, when the picture of the true woman willshine from its frame of glory, to captivate, to win back, to restore,and to call into being once more, the object of her mission.
star of the brave!
thy glory shed,     o'er all the earth, thy army led--     bold meteor of immortal birth!
why come from heaven to dwell on earth?
mighty and glorious are the days of youth; happy the moments of thelover, mingled with smiles and tears of his devoted, and long to beremembered are the achievements which he gains with a palpitating heartand a trembling hand.
a bright and lovely dawn, the harbinger of a fairand prosperous day, had arisen over the beautiful little villageof cumming, which is surrounded by the most romantic scenery in thecherokee country.
brightening clouds seemed to rise from the mist of thefair chattahoochee, to spread their beauty over the the thick forest, toguide the hero whose bosom beats with aspirations to conquer the enemythat would tarnish his name, and to win back the admiration of hislong-tried friend.
he endeavored to make his way through sawney'smountain, where many meet to catch the gales that are continuallyblowing for the refreshment of the stranger and the traveler.
surroundedas he was by hills on every side, naked rocks dared the efforts of hisenergies.
soon the sky became overcast, the sun buried itself in theclouds, and the fair day gave place to gloomy twilight, which layheavily on the indian plains.
he remembered an old indian castle, thatonce stood at the foot of the mountain.
he thought if he could make hisway to this, he would rest contented for a short time.
the mountainair breathed fragrance--a rosy tinge rested on the glassy waters thatmurmured at its base.
his resolution soon brought him to the remains ofthe red man's hut: he surveyed with wonder and astonishment the decayedbuilding, which time had buried in the dust, and thought to himself,his happiness was not yet complete.
beside the shore of the brook sata young man, about eighteen or twenty, who seemed to be reading somefavorite book, and who had a remarkably noble countenance--eyes whichbetrayed more than a common mind.
this of course made the youth awelcome guest, and gained him friends in whatever condition of life hemight be placed.
the traveler observed that he was a well-built figure,which showed strength and grace in every movement.
he accordinglyaddressed him in quite a gentlemanly manner, and inquired of him the wayto the village.
after he had received the desired information, and wasabout taking his leave, the youth said, "are you not major elfonzo, thegreat musician--the champion of a noble cause--the modern achilles, whogained so many victories in the florida war?"
"i bear that name,"said the major, "and those titles, trusting at the same time that theministers of grace will carry me triumphantly through all my laudableundertakings, and if," continued the major, "you, sir, are thepatronizer of noble deeds, i should like to make you my confidant andlearn your address."
the youth looked somewhat amazed, bowed low, musedfor a moment, and began: "my name is roswell.
i have been recentlyadmitted to the bar, and can only give a faint outline of my futuresuccess in that honorable profession; but i trust, sir, like the eagle,i shall look down from lofty rocks upon the dwellings of man, and shallever be ready to give you any assistance in my official capacity, andwhatever this muscular arm of mine can do, whenever it shall be calledfrom its buried greatness."
the major grasped him by the hand, andexclaimed: "o!
thou exalted spirit of inspiration--thou flame of burningprosperity, may the heaven-directed blaze be the glare of thy soul, andbattle down every rampart that seems to impede your progress!"
the road which led to the town presented many attractions.
elfonzo hadbid farewell to the youth of deep feeling, and was not wending his wayto the dreaming spot of his fondness.
the south winds whistled throughthe woods, as the waters dashed against the banks, as rapid fire in thepent furnace roars.
this brought him to remember while alone, that hequietly left behind the hospitality of a father's house, and gladlyentered the world, with higher hopes than are often realized.
but as hejourneyed onward, he was mindful of the advice of his father, who hadoften looked sadly on the ground when tears of cruelly deceived hopemoistened his eye.
elfonzo had been somewhat of a dutiful son; yet fondof the amusements of life--had been in distant lands--had enjoyed thepleasure of the world and had frequently returned to the scenes ofhis boyhood, almost destitute of many of the comforts of life.
in thiscondition, he would frequently say to his father, "have i offended you,that you look upon me as a stranger, and frown upon me with stinginglooks?
will you not favor me with the sound of your voice?
if i havetrampled upon your veneration, or have spread a humid veil of darknessaround your expectations, send me back into the world where no heartbeats for me--where the foot of man has never yet trod; but give me atleast one kind word--allow me to come into the presence sometimes ofthy winter-worn locks."
"forbid it, heaven, that i should be angry withthee," answered the father, "my son, and yet i send thee back to thechildren of the world--to the cold charity of the combat, and to aland of victory.
i read another destiny in thy countenance--i learnthy inclinations from the flame that has already kindled in my soul astranger sensation.
it will seek thee, my dear elfonzo, it will findthee--thou canst not escape that lighted torch, which shall blot outfrom the remembrance of men a long train of prophecies which they haveforetold against thee.
i once thought not so.
once, i was blind; but nowthe path of life is plain before me, and my sight is clear; yet elfonzo,return to thy worldly occupation--take again in thy hand that chordof sweet sounds--struggle with the civilized world, and with your ownheart; fly swiftly to the enchanted ground--let the night-owl send forthits screams from the stubborn oak--let the sea sport upon the beach, andthe stars sing together; but learn of these, elfonzo, thy doom, and thyhiding-place.
our most innocent as well as our most lawful desires mustoften be denied us, that we may learn to sacrifice them to a higherwill."
remembering such admonitions with gratitude, elfonzo was immediatelyurged by the recollection of his father's family to keep moving.
hissteps became quicker and quicker--he hastened through the piny woods,dark as the forest was, and with joy he very soon reached the littlevillage or repose, in whose bosom rested the boldest chivalry.
his closeattention to every important object--his modest questions about whateverwas new to him--his reverence for wise old age, and his ardent desire tolearn many of the fine arts, soon brought him into respectable notice.
one mild winter day as he walked along the streets toward the academy,which stood upon a small eminence, surrounded by native growth--somevenerable in its appearance, others young and prosperous--all seemedinviting, and seemed to be the very place for learning as well as forgenius to spend its research beneath its spreading shades.
he enteredits classic walls in the usual mode of southern manners.
the principalof the institution begged him to be seated and listen to the recitationsthat were going on.
he accordingly obeyed the request, and seemed tobe much pleased.
after the school was dismissed, and the young heartsregained their freedom, with the songs of the evening, laughing at theanticipated pleasures of a happy home, while others tittered at theactions of the past day, he addressed the teacher in a tone thatindicated a resolution--with an undaunted mind.
he said he haddetermined to become a student, if he could meet with his approbation.
"sir," said he, "i have spent much time in the world.
i have traveledamong the uncivilized inhabitants of america.
i have met with friends,and combated with foes; but none of these gratify my ambition, or decidewhat is to be my destiny.
i see the learned would have an influencewith the voice of the people themselves.
the despoilers of the remotestkingdoms of the earth refer their differences to this class of persons.
this the illiterate and inexperienced little dream of; and now if youwill receive me as i am, with these deficiencies--with all my misguidedopinions, i will give you my honor, sir, that i will never disgrace theinstitution, or those who have placed you in this honorable station."
the instructor, who had met with many disappointments, knew how tofeel for a stranger who had been thus turned upon the charities of anunfeeling community.
he looked at him earnestly, and said: "be ofgood cheer--look forward, sir, to the high destination you may attain.
remember, the more elevated the mark at which you aim, the more sure,the more glorious, the more magnificent the prize."
from wonder towonder, his encouragement led the impatient listener.
a stranger naturebloomed before him--giant streams promised him success--gardens ofhidden treasures opened to his view.
all this, so vividly described,seemed to gain a new witchery from his glowing fancy.
in 1842 he entered the class, and made rapid progress in the englishand latin departments.
indeed, he continued advancing with such rapiditythat he was like to become the first in his class, and made suchunexpected progress, and was so studious, that he had almost forgottenthe pictured saint of his affections.
the fresh wreaths of the pine andcypress had waited anxiously to drop once more the dews of heavens uponthe heads of those who had so often poured forth the tender emotions oftheir souls under its boughs.
he was aware of the pleasure that he hadseen there.
so one evening, as he was returning from his reading, heconcluded he would pay a visit to this enchanting spot.
little did hethink of witnessing a shadow of his former happiness, though no doubthe wished it might be so.
he continued sauntering by the roadside,meditating on the past.
the nearer he approached the spot, the moreanxious he became.
at the moment a tall female figure flitted across hispath, with a bunch of roses in her hand; her countenance showed uncommonvivacity, with a resolute spirit; her ivory teeth already appeared asshe smiled beautifully, promenading--while her ringlets of hair dangledunconsciously around her snowy neck.
nothing was wanting to completeher beauty.
the tinge of the rose was in full bloom upon her cheek; thecharms of sensibility and tenderness were always her associates.. inambulinia's bosom dwelt a noble soul--one that never faded--one thatnever was conquered.
her heart yielded to no feeling but the love ofelfonzo, on whom she gazed with intense delight, and to whom she feltherself more closely bound, because he sought the hand of no other.
elfonzo was roused from his apparent reverie.
his books no longer werehis inseparable companions--his thoughts arrayed themselves to encouragehim in the field of victory.
he endeavored to speak to his supposedambulinia, but his speech appeared not in words.
no, his effort was astream of fire, that kindled his soul into a flame of admiration, andcarried his senses away captive.
ambulinia had disappeared, to make himmore mindful of his duty.
as she walked speedily away through thepiny woods she calmly echoed: "o!
elfonzo, thou wilt now look fromthy sunbeams.
thou shalt now walk in a new path--perhaps thy way leadsthrough darkness; but fear not, the stars foretell happiness."
not many days afterward, as surrounded by fragrant flowers she sat oneevening at twilight, to enjoy the cool breeze that whispered notes ofmelody along the distant groves, the little birds perched on everyside, as if to watch the movements of their new visitor.
the bells weretolling when elfonzo silently stole along by the wild wood flowers,holding in his hand his favorite instrument of music--his eyecontinually searching for ambulinia, who hardly seemed to perceive him,as she played carelessly with the songsters that hopped from branch tobranch.
nothing could be more striking than the difference between thetwo.
nature seemed to have given the more tender soul to elfonzo, andthe stronger and more courageous to ambulinia.
a deep feeling spoke fromthe eyes of elfonzo--such a feeling as can only be expressed by thosewho are blessed as admirers, and by those who are able to return thesame with sincerity of heart.
he was a few years older than ambulinia:she had turned a little into her seventeenth.
he had almost grown upin the cherokee country, with the same equal proportions as one of thenatives.
but little intimacy had existed between them until the yearforty-one--because the youth felt that the character of such a lovelygirl was too exalted to inspire any other feeling than that of quietreverence.
but as lovers will not always be insulted, at all times andunder all circumstances, by the frowns and cold looks of crabbed oldage, which should continually reflect dignity upon those around, andtreat unfortunate as well as the fortunate with a graceful mien, hecontinued to use diligence and perseverance.
all this lighted a sparkin his heart that changed his whole character, and like the unyieldingdeity that follows the storm to check its rage in the forest, heresolves for the first time to shake off his embarrassment and returnwhere he had before only worshiped.
it could not escape ambulinia's penetrating eye that he sought aninterview with her, which she as anxiously avoided, and assumed a moredistant calmness than before, seemingly to destroy all hope.
after manyefforts and struggles with his own person, with timid steps the majorapproached the damsel, with the same caution as he would have done ina field of battle.
"lady ambulinia," said he, trembling, "i havelong desired a moment like this.
i dare not let it escape.
i fear theconsequences; yet i hope your indulgence will at least hear my petition.
can you not anticipate what i would say, and what i am about to express?
will not you, like minerva, who sprung from the brain of jupiter,release me from thy winding chains or cure me--" "say no more, elfonzo,"answered ambulinia, with a serious look, raising her hand as if sheintended to swear eternal hatred against the whole world; "anotherlady in my place would have perhaps answered your question in bittercoldness.
i know not the little arts of my sex.
i care but little forthe vanity of those who would chide me, and am unwilling as well asshamed to be guilty of anything that would lead you to think 'all is notgold that glitters'; so be not rash in your resolution.
it is betterto repent now than to do it in a more solemn hour.
yes, i know what youwould say.
i know you have a costly gift for me--the noblest thatman can make--your heart!
you should not offer it to one so unworthy.
heaven, you know, has allowed my father's house to be made a house ofsolitude, a home of silent obedience, which my parents say is more tobe admired than big names and high-sounding titles.
notwithstanding allthis, let me speak the emotions of an honest heart; allow me to say inthe fullness of my hopes that i anticipate better days.
the bird maystretch its wings toward the sun, which it can never reach; and flowersof the field appear to ascend in the same direction, because they cannotdo otherwise; but man confides his complaints to the saints in whom hebelieves; for in their abodes of light they know no more sorrow.
fromyour confession and indicative looks, i must be that person; if so,deceive not yourself."
elfonzo replied, "pardon me, my dear madam, for my frankness.
i haveloved you from my earliest days; everything grand and beautiful hathborne the image of ambulinia; while precipices on every hand surroundedme, your guardian angel stood and beckoned me away from the deep abyss.
in every trial, in every misfortune, i have met with your helping hand;yet i never dreamed or dared to cherish thy love till a voice impairedwith age encouraged the cause, and declared they who acquired thy favorshould win a victory.
i saw how leos worshipped thee.
i felt my ownunworthiness.
i began to know jealousy--a strong guest, indeed, in mybosom--yet i could see if i gained your admiration leos was to be myrival.
i was aware that he had the influence of your parents, and thewealth of a deceased relative, which is too often mistaken for permanentand regular tranquillity; yet i have determined by your permissionto beg an interest in your prayers--to ask you to animate my droppingspirits by your smiles and your winning looks; for if you but speak ishall be conqueror, my enemies shall stagger like olympus shakes.
andthough earth and sea may tremble, and the charioteer of the sun mayforget his dashing steed, yet i am assured that it is only to arm mewith divine weapons which will enable me to complete my long-triedintention."
"return to your self, elfonzo," said ambulinia, pleasantly; "a dreamof vision has disturbed your intellect; you are above the atmosphere,dwelling in the celestial regions; nothing is there that urges orhinders, nothing that brings discord into our present litigation.
ientreat you to condescend a little, and be a man, and forget it all.
when homer describes the battle of the gods and noble men fighting withgiants and dragons, they represent under this image our struggles withthe delusions of our passions.
you have exalted me, an unhappy girl, tothe skies; you have called me a saint, and portrayed in your imaginationan angel in human form.
let her remain such to you, let her continue tobe as you have supposed, and be assured that she will consider a sharein your esteem as her highest treasure.
think not that i would allureyou from the path in which your conscience leads you; for you know irespect the conscience of others, as i would die for my own.
elfonzo, ifi am worthy of thy love, let such conversation never again pass betweenus.
go, seek a nobler theme!
we will seek it in the stream of time asthe sun set in the tigris."
as she spake these words she grasped thehand of elfonzo, saying at the same time, "peace and prosperityattend you, my hero: be up and doing!"
closing her remarks with thisexpression, she walked slowly away, leaving elfonzo astonished andamazed.
he ventured not to follow or detain her.
here he stood alone,gazing at the stars; confounded as he was, here he stood.
the ripplingstream rolled on at his feet.
twilight had already begun to draw hersable mantle over the earth, and now and then the fiery smoke wouldascend from the little town which lay spread out before him.
thecitizens seemed to be full of life and good-humor; but poor elfonzo sawnot a brilliant scene.
no; his future life stood before him, stripped ofthe hopes that once adorned all his sanguine desires.
said he,"am i now grief's disappointed son at last."
ambulinia's image rosebefore his fancy.
a mixture of ambition and greatness of soul moved uponhis young heart, and encouraged him to bear all his crosses with thepatience of a job, notwithstanding he had to encounter with so manyobstacles.
he still endeavored to prosecute his studies, and reasonableprogressed in his education.
still, he was not content; there wassomething yet to be done before his happiness was complete.
he wouldvisit his friends and acquaintances.
they would invite him to socialparties, insisting that he should partake of the amusements that weregoing on.
this he enjoyed tolerably well.
the ladies and gentlemen weregenerally well pleased with the major; as he delighted all with hisviolin, which seemed to have a thousand chords--more symphonious thanthe muses of apollo and more enchanting than the ghost of the hills.
he passed some days in the country.
during that time leos had made manycalls upon ambulinia, who was generally received with a great deal ofcourtesy by the family.
they thought him to be a young man worthy ofattention, though he had but little in his soul to attract the attentionor even win the affections of her whose graceful manners had almost madehim a slave to every bewitching look that fell from her eyes.
leos madeseveral attempts to tell her of his fair prospects--how much he lovedher, and how much it would add to his bliss if he could but think shewould be willing to share these blessings with him; but, choked by hisundertaking, he made himself more like an inactive drone than he didlike one who bowed at beauty's shrine.
elfonzo again wends his way to the stately walls and new-built village.
he now determines to see the end of the prophesy which had been foretoldto him.
the clouds burst from his sight; he believes if he can but seehis ambulinia, he can open to her view the bloody altars that havebeen misrepresented to stigmatize his name.
he knows that her breast istransfixed with the sword of reason, and ready at all times to detectthe hidden villainy of her enemies.
he resolves to see her in her ownhome, with the consoling theme: "'i can but perish if i go.'
letthe consequences be what they may," said he, "if i die, it shall becontending and struggling for my own rights."
night had almost overtaken him when he arrived in town.
colonel elder, anoble-hearted, high-minded, and independent man, met him at his door asusual, and seized him by the hand.
"well, elfonzo," said the colonel,"how does the world use you in your efforts?"
"i have no objection tothe world," said elfonzo, "but the people are rather singular in some oftheir opinions."
"aye, well," said the colonel, "you must remember thatcreation is made up of many mysteries; just take things by the righthandle; be always sure you know which is the smooth side before youattempt your polish; be reconciled to your fate, be it what it may;and never find fault with your condition, unless your complaining willbenefit it.
perseverance is a principle that should be commendablein those who have judgment to govern it.
i should never had been sosuccessful in my hunting excursions had i waited till the deer, by somemagic dream, had been drawn to the muzzle of the gun before i made anattempt to fire at the game that dared my boldness in the wild forest.
the great mystery in hunting seems to be--a good marksman, a resolutemind, a fixed determination, and my world for it, you will never returnhome without sounding your horn with the breath of a new victory.
andso with every other undertaking.
be confident that your ammunition is ofthe right kind--always pull your trigger with a steady hand, and so soonas you perceive a calm, touch her off, and the spoils are yours."
this filled him with redoubled vigor, and he set out with a strongeranxiety than ever to the home of ambulinia.
a few short steps soonbrought him to the door, half out of breath.
he rapped gently.
ambulinia, who sat in the parlor alone, suspecting elfonzo was near,ventured to the door, opened it, and beheld the hero, who stood in anhumble attitude, bowed gracefully, and as they caught each other's looksthe light of peace beamed from the eyes of ambulinia.
elfonzo caught theexpression; a halloo of smothered shouts ran through every vein, and forthe first time he dared to impress a kiss upon her cheek.
the scene wasoverwhelming; had the temptation been less animating, he would not haveventured to have acted so contrary to the desired wish of his ambulinia;but who could have withstood the irrestistable temptation!
what societycondemns the practice but a cold, heartless, uncivilized people thatknow nothing of the warm attachments of refined society?
here the deadwas raised to his long-cherished hopes, and the lost was found.
hereall doubt and danger were buried in the vortex of oblivion; sectionaldifferences no longer disunited their opinions; like the freed bird fromthe cage, sportive claps its rustling wings, wheels about to heaven in ajoyful strain, and raises its notes to the upper sky.
ambulinia insistedupon elfonzo to be seated, and give her a history of his unnecessaryabsence; assuring him the family had retired, consequently they wouldever remain ignorant of his visit.
advancing toward him, she gave abright display of her rosy neck, and from her head the ambrosial locksbreathed divine fragrance; her robe hung waving to his view, while shestood like a goddess confessed before him.
"it does seem to me, my dear sir," said ambulinia, "that you have beengone an age.
oh, the restless hours i have spent since i last saw you,in yon beautiful grove.
there is where i trifled with your feelings forthe express purpose of trying your attachment for me.
i now find you aredevoted; but ah!
i trust you live not unguarded by the powers of heaven.
though oft did i refuse to join my hand with thine, and as oft didi cruelly mock thy entreaties with borrowed shapes: yes, i feared toanswer thee by terms, in words sincere and undissembled.
could ipursue, and you have leisure to hear the annals of my woes, the eveningstar would shut heaven's gates upon the impending day before mytale would be finished, and this night would find me soliciting yourforgiveness."
"dismiss thy fears and thy doubts," replied elfonzo.
look: that angelic look of thine--bathe not thy visage intears; banish those floods that are gathering; let my confession and mypresence bring thee some relief."
"then, indeed, i will be cheerful,"said ambulinia, "and i think if we will go to the exhibition thisevening, we certainly will see something worthy of our attention.
oneof the most tragical scenes is to be acted that has ever been witnessed,and one that every jealous-hearted person should learn a lesson from.
itcannot fail to have a good effect, as it will be performed by those whoare young and vigorous, and learned as well as enticing.
you are aware,major elfonzo, who are to appear on the stage, and what the charactersare to represent."
"i am acquainted with the circumstances," repliedelfonzo, "and as i am to be one of the musicians upon that interestingoccasion, i should be much gratified if you would favor me with yourcompany during the hours of the exercises."
"what strange notions are in your mind?"
"now i knowyou have something in view, and i desire you to tell me why it is thatyou are so anxious that i should continue with you while the exercisesare going on; though if you think i can add to your happiness andpredilections, i have no particular objection to acquiesce in yourrequest.
oh, i think i foresee, now, what you anticipate."
"and willyou have the goodness to tell me what you think it will be?"
"by all means," answered ambulinia; "a rival, sir, you wouldfancy in your own mind; but let me say for you, fear not!
iwill be one of the last persons to disgrace my sex by thus encouragingevery one who may feel disposed to visit me, who may honor me with theirgraceful bows and their choicest compliments.
it is true that young mentoo often mistake civil politeness for the finer emotions of the heart,which is tantamount to courtship; but, ah!
how often are they deceived,when they come to test the weight of sunbeams with those on whosestrength hangs the future happiness of an untried life."
the people were now rushing to the academy with impatient anxiety; theband of music was closely followed by the students; then the parentsand guardians; nothing interrupted the glow of spirits which ran throughevery bosom, tinged with the songs of a virgil and the tide of a homer.
elfonzo and ambulinia soon repaired to the scene, and fortunately forthem both the house was so crowded that they took their seats togetherin the music department, which was not in view of the auditory.
thisfortuitous circumstances added more the bliss of the major than athousand such exhibitions would have done.
he forgot that he was man;music had lost its charms for him; whenever he attempted to carry hispart, the string of the instrument would break, the bow became stubborn,and refused to obey the loud calls of the audience.
here, he said, wasthe paradise of his home, the long-sought-for opportunity; he felt asthough he could send a million supplications to the throne of heaven forsuch an exalted privilege.
poor leos, who was somewhere in the crowd,looking as attentively as if he was searching for a needle in ahaystack; here is stood, wondering to himself why ambulinia was notthere.
"where can she be?
if she was only here, how i could relishthe scene!
elfonzo is certainly not in town; but what if he is?
i havegot the wealth, if i have not the dignity, and i am sure that the squireand his lady have always been particular friends of mine, and i thinkwith this assurance i shall be able to get upon the blind side of therest of the family and make the heaven-born ambulinia the mistress ofall i possess."
then, again, he would drop his head, as if attemptingto solve the most difficult problem in euclid.
while he was thusconjecturing in his own mind, a very interesting part of the exhibitionwas going on, which called the attention of all present.
the curtainsof the stage waved continually by the repelled forces that were givento them, which caused leos to behold ambulinia leaning upon the chairof elfonzo.
her lofty beauty, seen by the glimmering of the chandelier,filled his heart with rapture, he knew not how to contain himself; to gowhere they were would expose him to ridicule; to continue where he was,with such an object before him, without being allowed an explanation inthat trying hour, would be to the great injury of his mental as well asof his physical powers; and, in the name of high heaven, what must hedo?
finally, he resolved to contain himself as well as he convenientlycould, until the scene was over, and then he would plant himself at thedoor, to arrest ambulinia from the hands of the insolent elfonzo, andthus make for himself a more prosperous field of immortality than everwas decreed by omnipotence, or ever pencil drew or artist imagined.
accordingly he made himself sentinel, immediately after the performanceof the evening--retained his position apparently in defiance of all theworld; he waited, he gazed at every lady, his whole frame trembled; herehe stood, until everything like human shape had disappeared from theinstitution, and he had done nothing; he had failed to accomplish thatwhich he so eagerly sought for.
poor, unfortunate creature!
he hadnot the eyes of an argus, or he might have seen his juno and elfonzo,assisted by his friend sigma, make their escape from the window, and,with the rapidity of a race-horse, hurry through the blast of the stormto the residence of her father, without being recognized.
he did nottarry long, but assured ambulinia the endless chain of their existencewas more closely connected than ever, since he had seen the virtuous,innocent, imploring, and the constant amelia murdered by thejealous-hearted farcillo, the accursed of the land.
the following is the tragical scene, which is only introduced to showthe subject-matter that enabled elfonzo to come to such a determinateresolution that nothing of the kind should ever dispossess him of histrue character, should he be so fortunate as to succeed in his presentundertaking.
amelia was the wife of farcillo, and a virtuous woman; gracia, a younglady, was her particular friend and confidant.
farcillo grew jealous ofamelia, murders her, finds out that he was deceived, and stabs himself.
amelia appears alone, talking to herself.
a. hail, ye solitary ruins of antiquity, ye sacred tombs and silentwalks!
it is your aid i invoke; it is to you, my soul, wrapt in deepmediating, pours forth its prayer.
here i wander upon the stage ofmortality, since the world hath turned against me.
those whom i believedto be my friends, alas!
are now my enemies, planting thorns in all mypaths, poisoning all my pleasures, and turning the past to pain.
what alingering catalogue of sighs and tears lies just before me, crowdingmy aching bosom with the fleeting dream of humanity, which must shortlyterminate.
and to what purpose will all this bustle of life, theseagitations and emotions of the heart have conduced, if it leave behindit nothing of utility, if it leave no traces of improvement?
can it bethat i am deceived in my conclusions?
no, i see that i have nothingto hope for, but everything for fear, which tends to drive me from thewalks of time.
in this dead night, if loud winds arise,     to lash the surge and bluster in the skies,     may the west its furious rage display,     toss me with storms in the watery way.
g. oh, amelia, is it you, the object of grief, the daughter of opulence,of wisdom and philosophy, that thus complaineth?
it cannot be you arethe child of misfortune, speaking of the monuments of former ages, whichwere allotted not for the reflection of the distressed, but for thefearless and bold.
a. not the child of poverty, gracia, or the heir of glory and peace, butof fate.
remember, i have wealth more than wit can number; i have hadpower more than kings could emcompass; yet the world seems a desert; allnature appears an afflictive spectacle of warring passions.
this blindfatality, that capriciously sports with the rules and lives of mortals,tells me that the mountains will never again send forth the water oftheir springs to my thirst.
oh, that i might be freed and set at libertyfrom wretchedness!
but i fear, i fear this will never be.
g. why, amelia, this untimely grief?
what has caused the sorrows thatbespeak better and happier days, to those lavish out such heaps ofmisery?
you are aware that your instructive lessons embellish the mindwith holy truths, by wedding its attention to none but great and nobleaffections.
a. this, of course, is some consolation.
i will ever love my own specieswith feelings of a fond recollection, and while i am studying to advancethe universal philanthropy, and the spotless name of my own sex, i willtry to build my own upon the pleasing belief that i have accelerated theadvancement of one who whispers of departed confidence.
and i, like some poor peasant fated to reside     remote from friends, in a forest wide.
oh, see what woman's woes and human wants require,     since that great day hath spread the seed of sinful fire.
g. look up, thou poor disconsolate; you speak of quitting earthlyenjoyments.
unfold thy bosom to a friend, who would be willing tosacrifice every enjoyment for the restoration of the dignity andgentleness of mind which used to grace your walks, and which is sonatural to yourself; not only that, but your paths were strewed withflowers of every hue and of every order.
with verdant green the mountains glow,     for thee, for thee, the lilies grow;     far stretched beneath the tented hills,     a fairer flower the valley fills.
a. oh, would to heaven i could give you a short narrative of myformer prospects for happiness, since you have acknowledged to be anunchangeable confidant--the richest of all other blessings.
oh, ye namesforever glorious, ye celebrated scenes, ye renowned spot of my hymenealmoments; how replete is your chart with sublime reflections!
how manyprofound vows, decorated with immaculate deeds, are written upon thesurface of that precious spot of earth where i yielded up my life ofcelibacy, bade youth with all its beauties a final adieu, took a lastfarewell of the laurels that had accompanied me up the hill of myjuvenile career.
it was then i began to descend toward the valley ofdisappointment and sorrow; it was then i cast my little bark upon amysterious ocean of wedlock, with him who then smiled and caressed me,but, alas!
now frowns with bitterness, and has grown jealous and coldtoward me, because the ring he gave me is misplaced or lost.
oh, bearme, ye flowers of memory, softly through the eventful history of pasttimes; and ye places that have witnessed the progression of man inthe circle of so many societies, and, of, aid my recollection, while iendeavor to trace the vicissitudes of a life devoted in endeavoring tocomfort him that i claim as the object of my wishes.
ye mysterious men, of all the world, how few     act just to heaven and to your promise true!
but he who guides the stars with a watchful eye,     the deeds of men lay open without disguise;     oh, this alone will avenge the wrongs i bear,     for all the oppressed are his peculiar care.
(f. makes a slight noise.)
a. who is there--farcillo?
g. then i must gone.
heaven protect you.
oh, amelia, farewell, be ofgood cheer.
may you stand like olympus' towers,     against earth and all jealous powers!
may you, with loud shouts ascend on high     swift as an eagle in the upper sky.
a. why so cold and distant tonight, farcillo?
come, let us each othergreet, and forget all the past, and give security for the future.
talk to me about giving security for the future--what aninsulting requisition!
have you said your prayers tonight, madam amelia?
a. farcillo, we sometimes forget our duty, particularly when we expectto be caressed by others.
f. if you bethink yourself of any crime, or of any fault, that is yetconcealed from the courts of heaven and the thrones of grace, i bid youask and solicit forgiveness for it now.
a. oh, be kind, farcillo, don't treat me so.
what do you mean by allthis?
f. be kind, you say; you, madam, have forgot that kindness you owe tome, and bestowed it upon another; you shall suffer for your conductwhen you make your peace with your god.
i would not slay thy unprotectedspirit.
i call to heaven to be my guard and my watch--i would not killthy soul, in which all once seemed just, right, and perfect; but i mustbe brief, woman.
a. what, talk you of killing?
oh, farcillo, farcillo, what is thematter?
f. aye, i do, without doubt; mark what i say, amelia.
a. then, o god, o heaven, and angels, be propitious, and have mercy uponme.
f. amen to that, madam, with all my heart, and with all my soul.
a. farcillo, listen to me one moment; i hope you will not kill me.
f. kill you, aye, that i will; attest it, ye fair host of light, recordit, ye dark imps of hell!
a. oh, i fear you--you are fatal when darkness covers your brow; yet iknow not why i should fear, since i never wronged you in all my life.
istand, sir, guiltless before you.
f. you pretend to say you are guiltless!
think of thy sins, amelia;think, oh, think, hidden woman.
a. wherein have i not been true to you?
that death is unkind, cruel, andunnatural, that kills for living.
f. peace, and be still while i unfold to thee.
a. i will, farcillo, and while i am thus silent, tell me the cause ofsuch cruel coldness in an hour like this.
f. that ring, oh, that ring i so loved, and gave thee as the ring of myheart; the allegiance you took to be faithful, when it was presented;the kisses and smiles with which you honored it.
you became tired ofthe donor, despised it as a plague, and finally gave it to malos, thehidden, the vile traitor.
a. no, upon my word and honor, i never did; i appeal to the most high tobear me out in this matter.
send for malos, and ask him.
f. send for malos, aye!
malos you wish to see; i thought so.
i knew youcould not keep his name concealed.
amelia, sweet amelia, take heed, takeheed of perjury; you are on the stage of death, to suffer for your sins.
a. what, not to die i hope, my farcillo, my ever beloved.
f. yes, madam, to die a traitor's death.
shortly your spirit shall takeits exit; therefore confess freely thy sins, for to deny tends only tomake me groan under the bitter cup thou hast made for me.
thou art todie with the name of traitor on thy brow!
a. then, o lord, have mercy upon me; give me courage, give me grace andfortitude to stand this hour of trial.
f. amen, i say, with all my heart.
a. and, oh, farcillo, will you have mercy, too?
i never intentionallyoffended you in all my life, never loved malos, never gave him causeto think so, as the high court of justice will acquit me before itstribunal.
f. oh, false, perjured woman, thou didst chill my blood, and makest me ademon like thyself.
i saw the ring.
a. he found it, then, or got it clandestinely; send for him, and let himconfess the truth; let his confession be sifted.
f. and you still wish to see him!
i tell you, madam, he hath alreadyconfessed, and thou knowest the darkness of thy heart.
a. what, my deceived farcillo, that i gave him the ring, in which all myaffections were concentrated?
oh, surely not.
f. aye, he did.
ask thy conscience, and it will speak with a voice ofthunder to thy soul.
a. he will not say so, he dare not, he cannot.
f. no, he will not say so now, because his mouth, i trust, is hushed indeath, and his body stretched to the four winds of heaven, to be torn topieces by carnivorous birds.
a. what, he is dead, and gone to the world of spirits with thatdeclaration in his mouth?
oh, unhappy man!
oh, insupportable hour!
f. yes, and had all his sighs and looks and tears been lives, my greatrevenge could have slain them all, without the least condemnation.
he is ushered into eternity without testing the matter forwhich i am abused and sentenced and condemned to die.
f. cursed, infernal woman!
weepest thou for him to my face?
he that hathrobbed me of my peace, my energy, the whole love of my life?
could icall the fabled hydra, i would have him live and perish, survive anddie, until the sun itself would grow dim with age.
i would make himhave the thirst of a tantalus, and roll the wheel of an ixion, until thestars of heaven should quit their brilliant stations.
a. oh, invincible god, save me!
oh, unsupportable moment!
banish me, farcillo--send me where no eye can ever see me, whereno sound shall ever great my ear; but, oh, slay me not, farcillo; ventthy rage and thy spite upon this emaciated frame of mine, only spare mylife.
f. your petitions avail nothing, cruel amelia.
a. oh, farcillo, perpetrate the dark deed tomorrow; let me live tillthen, for my past kindness to you, and it may be some kind angel willshow to you that i am not only the object of innocence, but one whonever loved another but your noble self.
f. amelia, the decree has gone forth, it is to be done, and thatquickly; thou art to die, madam.
a. but half an hour allow me, to see my father and my only child, totell her the treachery and vanity of this world.
f. there is no alternative, there is no pause: my daughter shall not seeits deceptive mother die; your father shall not know that his daughterfell disgraced, despised by all but her enchanting malos.
a. oh, farcillo, put up thy threatening dagger into its scabbard; letit rest and be still, just while i say one prayer for thee and for mychild.
f. it is too late, thy doom is fixed, thou hast not confessed to heavenor to me, my child's protector--thou art to die.
ye powers of earth andheaven, protect and defend me in this alone.
(stabs her while imploringfor mercy.)
a. oh, farcillo, farcillo, a guiltless death i die.
(gracia enters running, falls on her knees weeping, and kisses amelia.)
g. oh, farcillo, farcillo!
f. i am here, the genius of the age, and the avenger of my wrongs.
g. oh, lady, speak once more; sweet amelia, on, speak again.
gone,gone--yes, forever gone!
farcillo, oh, cold-hearted farcillo, some evilfiend hath urged you to do this, farcillo.
f. say not so again, or you shall receive the same fate.
i did theglorious deed, madam--beware, then, how you talk.
g. i fear not your implements of war; i will let you know you have notthe power to do me harm.
if you have a heart of triple brass, it shallbe reached and melted, and thy blood shall chill thy veins and growstiff in thy arteries.
here is the ring of the virtuous and innocentmurdered amelia; i obtained it from malos, who yet lives, in hopesthat he will survive the wound given him, and says he got itclandestinely--declares amelia to be the princess of truth and virtue,invulnerable to anything like forgetting her first devotion to thee.
the world has heard of your conduct and your jealousy, and with oneuniversal voice declares her to be the best of all in piety; that she isthe star of this great universe, and a more virtuous woman never livedsince the wheels of time began.
oh, had you waited till tomorrow, oruntil i had returned, some kind window would have been opened to herrelief.
she is gone--yes, forever gone, to try the realitiesof an unknown world!
(farcillo leaning over the body of amelia.)
f. malos not dead, and here is my ring!
oh, bloody deed!
oh, wretch that i am!
oh, angels forgive me!
oh, god,withhold thy vengeance!
if heaven would make a thousandworlds like this, set with diamonds, and all of one perfect chrysolite,i would not have done this for them all, i would not have frowned andcursed as i did.
oh, she was heavenly true, nursed in the very lapof bright angels!
cursed slave that i am!
lost, lost to every sense of honor!
oh!--then let me die with thee.
ye world that deceived me!
soon after the excitement of this tragical scene was over, and theenlisted feeling for amelia had grown more buoyant with elfonzo andambulinia, he determined to visit his retired home, and make thenecessary improvements to enjoy a better day; consequently he conveyedthe following lines to ambulinia:     go tell the world that hope is glowing,     go bid the rocks their silence break,     go tell the stars that love is glowing,     then bid the hero his lover take.
in the region where scarcely the foot of man hath ever trod, where thewoodman hath not found his way, lies a blooming grove, seen only by thesun when he mounts his lofty throne, visited only by the light of thestars, to whom are entrusted the guardianship of earth, before thesun sinks to rest in his rosy bed.
high cliffs of rocks surround theromantic place, and in the small cavity of the rocky wall grows thedaffodil clear and pure; and as the wind blows along the enchantinglittle mountain which surrounds the lonely spot, it nourishes theflowers with the dew-drops of heaven.
here is the seat of elfonzo;darkness claims but little victory over this dominion, and in vain doesshe spread out her gloomy wings.
here the waters flow perpetually, andthe trees lash their tops together to bid the welcome visitor a happymuse.
elfonzo, during his short stay in the country, had fully persuadedhimself that it was his duty to bring this solemn matter to an issue.
a duty that he individually owed, as a gentleman, to the parents ofambulinia, a duty in itself involving not only his own happiness andhis own standing in society, but one that called aloud the act of theparties to make it perfect and complete.
how he should communicate hisintentions to get a favorable reply, he was at a loss to know; he knewnot whether to address esq.
valeer in prose or in poetry, in a jocularor an argumentative manner, or whether he should use moral suasion,legal injunction, or seizure and take by reprisal; if it was to do thelatter, he would have no difficulty in deciding in his own mind, but hisgentlemanly honor was at stake; so he concluded to address the followingletter to the father and mother of ambulinia, as his address in personhe knew would only aggravate the old gentleman, and perhaps his lady.
cumming, ga., january 22, 1844mr. and mrs. valeer--again i resume the pleasing task of addressing you, and once more began immediate answer to my many salutations.
from every circumstance thathas taken place, i feel in duty bound to comply with my obligations; toforfeit my word would be more than i dare do; to break my pledge, and myvows that have been witnessed, sealed, and delivered in the presence ofan unseen deity, would be disgraceful on my part, as well as ruinous toambulinia.
i wish no longer to be kept in suspense about this matter.
iwish to act gentlemanly in every particular.
it is true, the promises ihave made are unknown to any but ambulinia, and i think it unnecessaryto here enumerate them, as they who promise the most generally performthe least.
can you for a moment doubt my sincerity or my character?
myonly wish is, sir, that you may calmly and dispassionately look atthe situation of the case, and if your better judgment should dictateotherwise, my obligations may induce me to pluck the flower that youso diametrically opposed.
we have sword by the saints--by the godsof battle, and by that faith whereby just men are made perfect--to beunited.
i hope, my dear sir, you will find it convenient as well asagreeable to give me a favorable answer, with the signature of mrs.valeer, as well as yourself.
with very great esteem,your humble servant,j. i. elfonzo.
the moon and stars had grown pale when ambulinia had retired to rest.
acrowd of unpleasant thoughts passed through her bosom.
solitude dweltin her chamber--no sound from the neighboring world penetrated itsstillness; it appeared a temple of silence, of repose, and of mystery.
at that moment she heard a still voice calling her father.
in aninstant, like the flash of lightning, a thought ran through her mindthat it must be the bearer of elfonzo's communication.
"it is not adream!"
she said, "no, i cannot read dreams.
i would to heaven i wasnear that glowing eloquence--that poetical language--it charms themind in an inexpressible manner, and warms the coldest heart."
whileconsoling herself with this strain, her father rushed into her roomalmost frantic with rage, exclaiming: "oh, ambulinia!
undutiful, ungrateful daughter!
what does this mean?
why does thisletter bear such heart-rending intelligence?
will you quit a father'shouse with this debased wretch, without a place to lay his distractedhead; going up and down the country, with every novel object that manychance to wander through this region.
he is a pretty man to make loveknown to his superiors, and you, ambulinia, have done but little creditto yourself by honoring his visits.
can it be thatmy hopes of happiness are forever blasted!
will you not listen to afather's entreaties, and pay some regard to a mother's tears.
i know,and i do pray that god will give me fortitude to bear with this seaof troubles, and rescue my daughter, my ambulinia, as a brand from theeternal burning."
"forgive me, father, oh!
forgive thy child," repliedambulinia.
"my heart is ready to break, when i see you in this grievedstate of agitation.
think not so meanly of me, as that i mourn formy own danger.
father, i am only woman.
mother, i am only the templementof thy youthful years, but will suffer courageously whatever punishmentyou think proper to inflict upon me, if you will but allow me to complywith my most sacred promises--if you will but give me my personal rightand my personal liberty.
if your generosity will but give methese, i ask nothing more.
when elfonzo offered me his heart, i gavehim my hand, never to forsake him, and now may the mighty god banish mebefore i leave him in adversity.
what a heart must i have to rejoice inprosperity with him whose offers i have accepted, and then, when povertycomes, haggard as it may be, for me to trifle with the oracles ofheaven, and change with every fluctuation that may interrupt ourhappiness--like the politician who runs the political gantlet for officeone day, and the next day, because the horizon is darkened a little,he is seen running for his life, for fear he might perish in its ruins.
where is the philosophy, where is the consistency, where is the charity,in conduct like this?
be happy then, my beloved father, and forget me;let the sorrow of parting break down the wall of separation and makeus equal in our feeling; let me now say how ardently i love you; letme kiss that age-worn cheek, and should my tears bedew thy face, i willwipe them away.
oh, i never can forget you; no, never, never!"
"weep not," said the father, "ambulinia.
i will forbid elfonzo my house,and desire that you may keep retired a few days.
i will let him knowthat my friendship for my family is not linked together by cankeredchains; and if he ever enters upon my premises again, i will send himto his long home."
let me entreat you to be calm upon thisoccasion, and though elfonzo may be the sport of the clouds and winds,yet i feel assured that no fate will send him to the silent tomb untilthe god of the universe calls him hence with a triumphant voice."
here the father turned away, exclaiming: "i will answer his letter in avery few words, and you, madam, will have the goodness to stay at homewith your mother; and remember, i am determined to protect you from theconsuming fire that looks so fair to your view."
cumming, january 22, 1844.sir--in regard to your request, i am as i ever have been, utterlyopposed to your marrying into my family; and if you have any regard foryourself, or any gentlemanly feeling, i hope you will mention it to meno more; but seek some other one who is not so far superior to you instanding.
w. w. valeer.
when elfonzo read the above letter, he became so much depressed inspirits that many of his friends thought it advisable to use other meansto bring about the happy union.
"strange," said he, "that the contentsof this diminutive letter should cause me to have such depressedfeelings; but there is a nobler theme than this.
i know not why mymilitary title is not as great as that of squire valeer.
for my life icannot see that my ancestors are inferior to those who are so bitterlyopposed to my marriage with ambulinia.
i know i have seen huge mountainsbefore me, yet, when i think that i know gentlemen will insult me uponthis delicate matter, should i become angry at fools and babblers, whopride themselves in their impudence and ignorance?
iknow not where to find them.
i think it beneath me; and mysuperiors!
i think it presumption; therefore, if this youthful heart isprotected by any of the divine rights, i never will betray my trust."
he was aware that ambulinia had a confidence that was, indeed, as firmand as resolute as she was beautiful and interesting.
he hastened to thecottage of louisa, who received him in her usual mode of pleasantness,and informed him that ambulinia had just that moment left.
"oh, murdered hours!
why did she not remain andbe the guardian of my secrets?
but hasten and tell me how she has stoodthis trying scene, and what are her future determinations."
"you know,"said louisa, "major elfonzo, that you have ambulinia's first love, whichis of no small consequence.
she came here about twilight, and shed manyprecious tears in consequence of her own fate with yours.
we walkedsilently in yon little valley you see, where we spent a momentaryrepose.
she seemed to be quite as determined as ever, and before we leftthat beautiful spot she offered up a prayer to heaven for thee."
"i willsee her then," replied elfonzo, "though legions of enemies may oppose.
she is mine by foreordination--she is mine by prophesy--she is mineby her own free will, and i will rescue her from the hands of heroppressors.
will you not, miss louisa, assist me in my capture?"
"i will certainly, by the aid of divine providence," answered louisa,"endeavor to break those slavish chains that bind the richest of prizes;though allow me, major, to entreat you to use no harsh means on thisimportant occasion; take a decided stand, and write freely to ambuliniaupon this subject, and i will see that no intervening cause hinders itspassage to her.
god alone will save a mourning people.
now is the dayand now is the hour to obey a command of such valuable worth."
the majorfelt himself grow stronger after this short interview with louisa.
hefelt as if he could whip his weight in wildcats--he knew he was masterof his own feelings, and could now write a letter that would bring thislitigation to an issue.
cumming, january 24, 1844.dear ambulinia--we have now reached the most trying moment of our lives; we are pledgednot to forsake our trust; we have waited for a favorable hour tocome, thinking your friends would settle the matter agreeably amongthemselves, and finally be reconciled to our marriage; but as i havewaited in vain, and looked in vain, i have determined in my own mind tomake a proposition to you, though you may think it not in accord withyour station, or compatible with your rank; yet, "sub loc signovinces."
you know i cannot resume my visits, in consequence of the utterhostility that your father has to me; therefore the consummation ofour union will have to be sought for in a more sublime sphere, at theresidence of a respectable friend of this village.
you cannot havean scruples upon this mode of proceeding, if you will but remember itemanates from one who loves you better than his own life--who is morethan anxious to bid you welcome to a new and happy home.
your warmestassociates say come; the talented, the learned, the wise, and theexperienced say come;--all these with their friends say, come.
viewingthese, with many other inducements, i flatter myself that you will cometo the embraces of your elfonzo; for now is the time of your acceptanceof the day of your liberation.
you cannot be ignorant, ambulinia, thatthou art the desire of my heart; its thoughts are too noble, and toopure, to conceal themselves from you.
i shall wait for your answer tothis impatiently, expecting that you will set the time to make yourdeparture, and to be in readiness at a moment's warning to share thejoys of a more preferable life.
this will be handed to you by louisa,who will take a pleasure in communicating anything to you that mayrelieve your dejected spirits, and will assure you that i now standready, willing, and waiting to make good my vows.
i am, dear ambulinia, yourtruly, and forever,j. i. elfonzo.
louisa made it convenient to visit mr. valeer's, though they did notsuspect her in the least the bearer of love epistles; consequently,she was invited in the room to console ambulinia, where they were leftalone.
ambulinia was seated by a small table--her head resting on herhand--her brilliant eyes were bathed in tears.
louisa handed her theletter of elfonzo, when another spirit animated her features--thespirit of renewed confidence that never fails to strengthen thefemale character in an hour of grief and sorrow like this, and as shepronounced the last accent of his name, she exclaimed, "and does he loveme yet!
i never will forget your generosity, louisa.
oh, unhappy and yetblessed louisa!
may you never feel what i have felt--may you never knowthe pangs of love.
had i never loved, i never would have been unhappy;but i turn to him who can save, and if his wisdom does not will myexpected union, i know he will give me strength to bear my lot.
amuseyourself with this little book, and take it as an apology for mysilence," said ambulinia, "while i attempt to answer this volume ofconsolation."
"thank you," said louisa, "you are excusable upon thisoccasion; but i pray you, ambulinia, to be expert upon this momentoussubject, that there may be nothing mistrustful upon my part."
"i will,"said ambulinia, and immediately resumed her seat and addressed thefollowing to elfonzo:cumming, ga., january 28, 1844.devoted elfonzo--i hail your letter as a welcome messenger of faith, and can now saytruly and firmly that my feelings correspond with yours.
nothing shallbe wanting on my part to make my obedience your fidelity.
courage andperseverance will accomplish success.
receive this as my oath, thatwhile i grasp your hand in my own imagination, we stand united before ahigher tribunal than any on earth.
all the powers of my life, soul, andbody, i devote to thee.
whatever dangers may threaten me, i fear not toencounter them.
perhaps i have determined upon my own destruction, byleaving the house of the best of parents; be it so; i flee to you; ishare your destiny, faithful to the end.
the day that i have concludedupon for this task is sabbath next, when the family with the citizensare generally at church.
for heaven's sake let not that day passunimproved: trust not till tomorrow, it is the cheat of life--the futurethat never comes--the grave of many noble births--the cavern of ruinedenterprise: which like the lightning's flash is born, and dies, andperishes, ere the voice of him who sees can cry, behold!
youmay trust to what i say, no power shall tempt me to betray confidence.
suffer me to add one word more.
i will soothe thee, in all thy grief,     beside the gloomy river;     and though thy love may yet be brief;     mine is fixed forever.
receive the deepest emotions of my heart for thy constant love, andmay the power of inspiration by thy guide, thy portion, and thy all.
ingreat haste,yours faithfully,ambulinia.
"i now take my leave of you, sweet girl," said louisa, "sincerelywishing you success on sabbath next."
when ambulinia's letter was handedto elfonzo, he perused it without doubting its contents.
louisa chargedhim to make but few confidants; but like most young men who happened towin the heart of a beautiful girl, he was so elated with the idea thathe felt as a commanding general on parade, who had confidence in all,consequently gave orders to all.
the appointed sabbath, with a deliciousbreeze and cloudless sky, made its appearance.
the people gathered incrowds to the church--the streets were filled with neighboring citizens,all marching to the house of worship.
it is entirely useless for meto attempt to describe the feelings of elfonzo and ambulinia, who weresilently watching the movements of the multitude, apparently countingthem as then entered the house of god, looking for the last one todarken the door.
the impatience and anxiety with which they waited,and the bliss they anticipated on the eventful day, is altogetherindescribable.
those that have been so fortunate as to embark in such anoble enterprise know all its realities; and those who have not had thisinestimable privilege will have to taste its sweets before they can tellto others its joys, its comforts, and its heaven-born worth.
immediatelyafter ambulinia had assisted the family off to church, she tookadvantage of that opportunity to make good her promises.
she left a homeof enjoyment to be wedded to one whose love had been justifiable.
a fewshort steps brought her to the presence of louisa, who urged her to makegood use of her time, and not to delay a moment, but to go with her toher brother's house, where elfonzo would forever make her happy.
withlively speed, and yet a graceful air, she entered the door and foundherself protected by the champion of her confidence.
the necessaryarrangements were fast making to have the two lovers united--everythingwas in readiness except the parson; and as they are generally verysanctimonious on such occasions, the news got to the parents ofambulinia before the everlasting knot was tied, and they both camerunning, with uplifted hands and injured feelings, to arrest theirdaughter from an unguarded and hasty resolution.
elfonzo desired tomaintain his ground, but ambulinia thought it best for him to leave, toprepare for a greater contest.
he accordingly obeyed, as it would havebeen a vain endeavor for him to have battled against a man who was armedwith deadly weapons; and besides, he could not resist the request ofsuch a pure heart.
ambulinia concealed herself in the upper story ofthe house, fearing the rebuke of her father; the door was locked, and nochastisement was now expected.
esquire valeer, whose pride was alreadytouched, resolved to preserve the dignity of his family.
he enteredthe house almost exhausted, looking wildly for ambulinia.
"amazed andastonished indeed i am," said he, "at a people who call themselvescivilized, to allow such behavior as this.
he cried, "come to the calls of your first, your best, and your onlyfriend.
i appeal to you, sir," turning to the gentleman of the house,"to know where ambulinia has gone, or where is she?"
"do you meanto insult me, sir, in my own house?"
inquired the gentleman.
"i willburst," said mr. v., "asunder every door in your dwelling, in search ofmy daughter, if you do not speak quickly, and tell me where she is.
i care nothing about that outcast rubbish of creation, that mean,low-lived elfonzo, if i can but obtain ambulinia.
are you not going toopen this door?"
"by the eternal that made heaven and earth!
i will go about the work instantly, if this is not done!"
the confusedcitizens gathered from all parts of the village, to know the cause ofthis commotion.
some rushed into the house; the door that was lockedflew open, and there stood ambulinia, weeping.
"father, be still," saidshe, "and i will follow thee home."
but the agitated man seized her, andbore her off through the gazing multitude.
she exclaimed, "ihumbly beg your pardon--i will be dutiful--i will obey thy commands.
let the sixteen years i have lived in obedience to thee by my futuresecurity."
"i don't like to be always giving credit, when the old scoreis not paid up, madam," said the father.
the mother followed almost in astate of derangement, crying and imploring her to think beforehand, andask advice from experienced persons, and they would tell her it was arash undertaking.
said she, "ambulinia, my daughter, did you knowwhat i have suffered--did you know how many nights i have whiled away inagony, in pain, and in fear, you would pity the sorrows of a heartbrokenmother."
"well, mother," replied ambulinia, "i know i have been disobedient; iam aware that what i have done might have been done much better; butoh!
what shall i do with my honor?
it is so dear to me; i am pledgedto elfonzo.
his high moral worth is certainly worth some attention;moreover, my vows, i have no doubt, are recorded in the book of life,and must i give these all up?
must my fair hopes be forever blasted?
forbid it, father; oh!
forbid it, mother; forbid it, heaven."
"i haveseen so many beautiful skies overclouded," replied the mother, "so manyblossoms nipped by the frost, that i am afraid to trust you to thecare of those fair days, which may be interrupted by thundering andtempestuous nights.
you no doubt think as i did--life's devious wayswere strewn with sweet-scented flowers, but ah!
how long they havelingered around me and took their flight in the vivid hope that laughsat the drooping victims it has murdered."
elfonzo was moved at thissight.
the people followed on to see what was going to become ofambulinia, while he, with downcast looks, kept at a distance, until hesaw them enter the abode of the father, thrusting her, that was the sighof his soul, out of his presence into a solitary apartment, when sheexclaimed, "elfonzo!
where art thou, with all thyheroes?
haste, come thou to my relief.
ride on the wings ofthe wind!
turn thy force loose like a tempest, and roll on thy army likea whirlwind, over this mountain of trouble and confusion.
if any pity me, let your last efforts throng upon the green hills, andcome to the relief of ambulinia, who is guilty of nothing but innocentlove."
elfonzo called out with a loud voice, "my god, can i stand this!
arise up, i beseech you, and put an end to this tyranny.
come, my braveboys," said he, "are you ready to go forth to your duty?"
they stoodaround him.
"who," said he, "will call us to arms?
where are mythunderbolts of war?
speak ye, the first who will meet the foe!
who willgo forward with me in this ocean of grievous temptation?
if there isone who desires to go, let him come and shake hands upon the altar ofdevotion, and swear that he will be a hero; yes, a hector in a causelike this, which calls aloud for a speedy remedy."
"mine be the deed,"said a young lawyer, "and mine alone; venus alone shall quit her stationbefore i will forsake one jot or tittle of my promise to you; whatis death to me?
what is all this warlike army, if it is not to win avictory?
i love the sleep of the lover and the mighty; nor would i giveit over till the blood of my enemies should wreak with that of my own.
but god forbid that our fame should soar on the blood of the slumberer."
mr. valeer stands at his door with the frown of a demon upon his brow,with his dangerous weapon ready to strike the first man who should enterhis door.
"who will arise and go forward through blood and carnageto the rescue of my ambulinia?"
"all," exclaimed themultitude; and onward they went, with their implements of battle.
others, of a more timid nature, stood among the distant hills to see theresult of the contest.
elfonzo took the lead of his band.
night arose in clouds; darknessconcealed the heavens; but the blazing hopes that stimulated themgleamed in every bosom.
all approached the anxious spot; they rushed tothe front of the house and, with one exclamation, demanded ambulinia.
"away, begone, and disturb my peace no more," said mr. valeer.
"you area set of base, insolent, and infernal rascals.
go, the northern starpoints your path through the dim twilight of the night; go, and ventyour spite upon the lonely hills; pour forth your love, you poor,weak-minded wretch, upon your idleness and upon your guitar, and yourfiddle; they are fit subjects for your admiration, for let me assureyou, though this sword and iron lever are cankered, yet they frown insleep, and let one of you dare to enter my house this night and youshall have the contents and the weight of these instruments."
"neveryet did base dishonor blur my name," said elfonzo; "mine is a cause ofrenown; here are my warriors; fear and tremble, for this night, thoughhell itself should oppose, i will endeavor to avenge her whom thou hastbanished in solitude.
the voice of ambulinia shall be heard from thatdark dungeon."
at that moment ambulinia appeared at the window above,and with a tremulous voice said, "live, elfonzo!
live to raise mystone of moss!
why should such language enter your heart?
why shouldthy voice rend the air with such agitation?
i bid thee live, once moreremembering these tears of mine are shed alone for thee, in this darkand gloomy vault, and should i perish under this load of trouble, jointhe song of thrilling accents with the raven above my grave, and laythis tattered frame beside the banks of the chattahoochee or the streamof sawney's brook; sweet will be the song of death to your ambulinia.
myghost shall visit you in the smiles of paradise, and tell your highfame to the minds of that region, which is far more preferable than thislonely cell.
my heart shall speak for thee till the latest hour; i knowfaint and broken are the sounds of sorrow, yet our souls, elfonzo, shallhear the peaceful songs together.
one bright name shall be ours on high,if we are not permitted to be united here; bear in mind that i stillcherish my old sentiments, and the poet will mingle the names of elfonzoand ambulinia in the tide of other days."
"fly, elfonzo," said thevoices of his united band, "to the wounded heart of your beloved.
allenemies shall fall beneath thy sword.
fly through the clefts, and thedim spark shall sleep in death."
elfonzo rushes forward and strikeshis shield against the door, which was barricaded, to prevent anyintercourse.
his brave sons throng around him.
the people pour alongthe streets, both male and female, to prevent or witness the melancholyscene.
"to arms, to arms!"
cried elfonzo; "here is a victory to be won, a prizeto be gained that is more to me that the whole world beside."
"itcannot be done tonight," said mr. valeer.
"i bear the clang of death; mystrength and armor shall prevail.
my ambulinia shall rest in this halluntil the break of another day, and if we fall, we fall together.
if wedie, we die clinging to our tattered rights, and our blood alone shalltell the mournful tale of a murdered daughter and a ruined father."
sureenough, he kept watch all night, and was successful in defending hishouse and family.
the bright morning gleamed upon the hills, nightvanished away, the major and his associates felt somewhat ashamed thatthey had not been as fortunate as they expected to have been; however,they still leaned upon their arms in dispersed groups; some were walkingthe streets, others were talking in the major's behalf.
many ofthe citizen suspended business, as the town presented nothing butconsternation.
a novelty that might end in the destruction of someworthy and respectable citizens.
mr. valeer ventured in the streets,though not without being well armed.
some of his friends congratulatedhim on the decided stand he had taken, and hoped he would settle thematter amicably with elfonzo, without any serious injury.
"me," hereplied, "what, me, condescend to fellowship with a coward, and alow-lived, lazy, undermining villain?
no, gentlemen, this cannot be; ihad rather be borne off, like the bubble upon the dark blue ocean, withambulinia by my side, than to have him in the ascending or descendingline of relationship.
gentlemen," continued he, "if elfonzo is so muchof a distinguished character, and is so learned in the fine arts, why doyou not patronize such men?
why not introduce him into your families, asa gentleman of taste and of unequaled magnanimity?
why are you so veryanxious that he should become a relative of mine?
oh, gentlemen, i fearyou yet are tainted with the curiosity of our first parents, who werebeguiled by the poisonous kiss of an old ugly serpent, and who, for oneapple, damned all mankind.
i wish to divest myself, as far as possible,of that untutored custom.
i have long since learned that the perfectionof wisdom, and the end of true philosophy, is to proportion our wants toour possessions, our ambition to our capacities; we will then be a happyand a virtuous people."
ambulinia was sent off to prepare for a long andtedious journey.
her new acquaintances had been instructed by her fatherhow to treat her, and in what manner, and to keep the anticipated visitentirely secret.
elfonzo was watching the movements of everybody; somefriends had told him of the plot that was laid to carry off ambulinia.
at night, he rallied some two or three of his forces, and went silentlyalong to the stately mansion; a faint and glimmering light showedthrough the windows; lightly he steps to the door; there were manyvoices rallying fresh in fancy's eye; he tapped the shutter; it wasopened instantly, and he beheld once more, seated beside several ladies,the hope of all his toils; he rushed toward her, she rose from her seat,rejoicing; he made one mighty grasp, when ambulinia exclaimed, "huzzafor major elfonzo!
i will defend myself and you, too, with thisconquering instrument i hold in my hand; huzza, i say, i now invoketime's broad wing to shed around us some dewdrops of verdant spring."
but the hour had not come for this joyous reunion; her friends struggledwith elfonzo for some time, and finally succeeded in arresting her fromhis hands.
he dared not injure them, because they were matrons whosecourage needed no spur; she was snatched from the arms of elfonzo, withso much eagerness, and yet with such expressive signification, that hecalmly withdrew from this lovely enterprise, with an ardent hope that heshould be lulled to repose by the zephyrs which whispered peace to hissoul.
several long days and night passed unmolested, all seemed to havegrounded their arms of rebellion, and no callidity appeared to be goingon with any of the parties.
other arrangements were made by ambulinia;she feigned herself to be entirely the votary of a mother's care, andshe, by her graceful smiles, that manhood might claim his stern dominionin some other region, where such boisterous love was not so prevalent.
this gave the parents a confidence that yielded some hours of sober joy;they believed that ambulinia would now cease to love elfonzo, and thather stolen affections would now expire with her misguided opinions.
theytherefore declined the idea of sending her to a distant land.
they dreamed not of the rapture that dazzled the fancy of ambulinia, whowould say, when alone, youth should not fly away on his rosy pinions,and leave her to grapple in the conflict with unknown admirers.
no frowning age shall control     the constant current of my soul,     nor a tear from pity's eye     shall check my sympathetic sigh.
with this resolution fixed in her mind, one dark and dreary night, whenthe winds whistled and the tempest roared, she received intelligencethat elfonzo was then waiting, and every preparation was then ready, atthe residence of dr. tully, and for her to make a quick escape whilethe family was reposing.
accordingly she gathered her books, went thewardrobe supplied with a variety of ornamental dressing, and venturedalone in the streets to make her way to elfonzo, who was near at hand,impatiently looking and watching her arrival.
"what forms," said she,"are those rising before me?
what is that dark spot on the clouds?
i dowonder what frightful ghost that is, gleaming on the red tempest?
oh,be merciful and tell me what region you are from.
oh, tell me, ye strongspirits, or ye dark and fleeting clouds, that i yet have a friend."
"afriend," said a low, whispering voice.
"i am thy unchanging, thy aged,and thy disappointed mother.
why brandish in that hand of thine ajavelin of pointed steel?
why suffer that lip i have kissed a thousandtimes to equivocate?
my daughter, let these tears sink deep into thysoul, and no longer persist in that which may be your destruction andruin.
come, my dear child, retract your steps, and bear me company toyour welcome home."
without one retorting word, or frown from her brow,she yielded to the entreaties of her mother, and with all the mildnessof her former character she went along with the silver lamp of age, tothe home of candor and benevolence.
her father received her cold andformal politeness--"where has ambulinia been, this blustering evening,mrs.
"oh, she and i have been taking a solitarywalk," said the mother; "all things, i presume, are now working for thebest."
elfonzo heard this news shortly after it happened.
"what," said he,"has heaven and earth turned against me?
i have been disappointed timeswithout number.
shall i despair?--must i give it over?
heaven's decreeswill not fade; i will write again--i will try again; and if it traversesa gory field, i pray forgiveness at the altar of justice."
desolate hill, cumming, geo., 1844.unconquered and beloved ambulinia-- i have only time to say to you, notto despair; thy fame shall not perish; my visions are brightening beforeme.
the whirlwind's rage is past, and we now shall subdue our enemieswithout doubt.
on monday morning, when your friends are at breakfast,they will not suspect your departure, or even mistrust me being in town,as it has been reported advantageously that i have left for the west.
you walk carelessly toward the academy grove, where you will find mewith a lightning steed, elegantly equipped to bear you off where weshall be joined in wedlock with the first connubial rights.
fail notto do this--think not of the tedious relations of our wrongs--beinvincible.
you alone occupy all my ambition, and i alone will make youmy happy spouse, with the same unimpeached veracity.
i remain, forever,your devoted friend and admirer, j. l. elfonzo.
the appointed day ushered in undisturbed by any clouds; nothingdisturbed ambulinia's soft beauty.
with serenity and loveliness sheobeys the request of elfonzo.
the moment the family seated themselvesat the table--"excuse my absence for a short time," said she, "while iattend to the placing of those flowers, which should have been donea week ago."
and away she ran to the sacred grove, surrounded withglittering pearls, that indicated her coming.
elfonzo hails her withhis silver bow and his golden harp.
they meet--ambulinia's countenancebrightens--elfonzo leads up his winged steed.
"mount," said he, "yetrue-hearted, ye fearless soul--the day is ours."
she sprang upon theback of the young thunder bolt, a brilliant star sparkles upon her head,with one hand she grasps the reins, and with the other she holds anolive branch.
"lend thy aid, ye strong winds," they exclaimed, "ye moon,ye sun, and all ye fair host of heaven, witness the enemy conquered."
"hold," said elfonzo, "thy dashing steed."
"ride on," said ambulinia,"the voice of thunder is behind us."
and onward they went, with suchrapidity that they very soon arrived at rural retreat, where theydismounted, and were united with all the solemnities that usually attendsuch divine operations.
they passed the day in thanksgiving and greatrejoicing, and on that evening they visited their uncle, where many oftheir friends and acquaintances had gathered to congratulate them in thefield of untainted bliss.
the kind old gentleman met them in the yard:"well," said he, "i wish i may die, elfonzo, if you and ambuliniahaven't tied a knot with your tongue that you can't untie with yourteeth.
but come in, come in, never mind, all is right--the world stillmoves on, and no one has fallen in this great battle."
happy now is there lot!
unmoved by misfortune, they live among the fairbeauties of the south.
heaven spreads their peace and fame upon the archof the rainbow, and smiles propitiously at their triumph, through thetears of the storm.
the californian's talethirty-five years ago i was out prospecting on the stanislaus, trampingall day long with pick and pan and horn, and washing a hatful of dirthere and there, always expecting to make a rich strike, and never doingit.
it was a lovely region, woodsy, balmy, delicious, and had once beenpopulous, long years before, but now the people had vanished and thecharming paradise was a solitude.
they went away when the surfacediggings gave out.
in one place, where a busy little city with banksand newspapers and fire companies and a mayor and aldermen had been, wasnothing but a wide expanse of emerald turf, with not even the faintestsign that human life had ever been present there.
this was down towardtuttletown.
in the country neighborhood thereabouts, along the dustyroads, one found at intervals the prettiest little cottage homes, snugand cozy, and so cobwebbed with vines snowed thick with roses that thedoors and windows were wholly hidden from sight--sign that these weredeserted homes, forsaken years ago by defeated and disappointed familieswho could neither sell them nor give them away.
now and then, half anhour apart, one came across solitary log cabins of the earliestmining days, built by the first gold-miners, the predecessors of thecottage-builders.
in some few cases these cabins were still occupied;and when this was so, you could depend upon it that the occupant was thevery pioneer who had built the cabin; and you could depend on anotherthing, too--that he was there because he had once had his opportunityto go home to the states rich, and had not done it; had rather losthis wealth, and had then in his humiliation resolved to sever allcommunication with his home relatives and friends, and be to themthenceforth as one dead.
round about california in that day werescattered a host of these living dead men--pride-smitten poor fellows,grizzled and old at forty, whose secret thoughts were made all ofregrets and longings--regrets for their wasted lives, and longings to beout of the struggle and done with it all.
it was a lonesome land!
not a sound in all those peaceful expanses ofgrass and woods but the drowsy hum of insects; no glimpse of man orbeast; nothing to keep up your spirits and make you glad to be alive.
and so, at last, in the early part of the afternoon, when i caught sightof a human creature, i felt a most grateful uplift.
this person was aman about forty-five years old, and he was standing at the gate of oneof those cozy little rose-clad cottages of the sort already referred to.
however, this one hadn't a deserted look; it had the look of being livedin and petted and cared for and looked after; and so had its front yard,which was a garden of flowers, abundant, gay, and flourishing.
i wasinvited in, of course, and required to make myself at home--it was thecustom of the country.
it was delightful to be in such a place, after long weeks of daily andnightly familiarity with miners' cabins--with all which this implies ofdirt floor, never-made beds, tin plates and cups, bacon and beans andblack coffee, and nothing of ornament but war pictures from theeastern illustrated papers tacked to the log walls.
that was all hard,cheerless, materialistic desolation, but here was a nest which hadaspects to rest the tired eye and refresh that something in one's naturewhich, after long fasting, recognizes, when confronted by thebelongings of art, howsoever cheap and modest they may be, that it hasunconsciously been famishing and now has found nourishment.
i could nothave believed that a rag carpet could feast me so, and so content me;or that there could be such solace to the soul in wall-paper and framedlithographs, and bright-colored tidies and lamp-mats, and windsorchairs, and varnished what-nots, with sea-shells and books and chinavases on them, and the score of little unclassifiable tricks and touchesthat a woman's hand distributes about a home, which one sees withoutknowing he sees them, yet would miss in a moment if they were takenaway.
the delight that was in my heart showed in my face, and the mansaw it and was pleased; saw it so plainly that he answered it as if ithad been spoken.
"all her work," he said, caressingly; "she did it all herself--everybit," and he took the room in with a glance which was full ofaffectionate worship.
one of those soft japanese fabrics with whichwomen drape with careful negligence the upper part of a picture-framewas out of adjustment.
he noticed it, and rearranged it with cautiouspains, stepping back several times to gauge the effect before he got itto suit him.
then he gave it a light finishing pat or two with his hand,and said: "she always does that.
you can't tell just what it lacks, butit does lack something until you've done that--you can see it yourselfafter it's done, but that is all you know; you can't find out the law ofit.
it's like the finishing pats a mother gives the child's hair aftershe's got it combed and brushed, i reckon.
i've seen her fix all thesethings so much that i can do them all just her way, though i don't knowthe law of any of them.
but she knows the law.
she knows the why and thehow both; but i don't know the why; i only know the how."
he took me into a bedroom so that i might wash my hands; such a bedroomas i had not seen for years: white counterpane, white pillows, carpetedfloor, papered walls, pictures, dressing-table, with mirror andpin-cushion and dainty toilet things; and in the corner a wash-stand,with real china-ware bowl and pitcher, and with soap in a china dish,and on a rack more than a dozen towels--towels too clean and white forone out of practice to use without some vague sense of profanation.
somy face spoke again, and he answered with gratified words:"all her work; she did it all herself--every bit.
nothing here thathasn't felt the touch of her hand.
now you would think--but i mustn'ttalk so much."
by this time i was wiping my hands and glancing from detail to detailof the room's belongings, as one is apt to do when he is in a new place,where everything he sees is a comfort to his eye and his spirit; andi became conscious, in one of those unaccountable ways, you know, thatthere was something there somewhere that the man wanted me to discoverfor myself.
i knew it perfectly, and i knew he was trying to help me byfurtive indications with his eye, so i tried hard to get on the righttrack, being eager to gratify him.
i failed several times, as i couldsee out of the corner of my eye without being told; but at last i knew imust be looking straight at the thing--knew it from the pleasure issuingin invisible waves from him.
he broke into a happy laugh, and rubbed hishands together, and cried out:"that's it!
you've found it.
i knew you would.
it's her picture."
i went to the little black-walnut bracket on the farther wall, anddid find there what i had not yet noticed--a daguerreotype-case.
itcontained the sweetest girlish face, and the most beautiful, as itseemed to me, that i had ever seen.
the man drank the admiration from myface, and was fully satisfied.
"nineteen her last birthday," he said, as he put the picture back; "andthat was the day we were married.
when you see her--ah, just wait tillyou see her!"
"where is she?
when will she be in?"
"oh, she's away now.
she's gone to see her people.
they live forty orfifty miles from here.
she's been gone two weeks today."
"when do you expect her back?"
"this is wednesday.
she'll be back saturday, in the evening--about nineo'clock, likely."
i felt a sharp sense of disappointment.
"i'm sorry, because i'll be gone then," i said, regretfully.
no--why should you go?
she'll be disappointed."
she would be disappointed--that beautiful creature!
if she had said thewords herself they could hardly have blessed me more.
i was feelinga deep, strong longing to see her--a longing so supplicating, soinsistent, that it made me afraid.
i said to myself: "i will go straightaway from this place, for my peace of mind's sake."
"you see, she likes to have people come and stop with us--people whoknow things, and can talk--people like you.
she delights in it; for sheknows--oh, she knows nearly everything herself, and can talk, oh, likea bird--and the books she reads, why, you would be astonished.
don't go;it's only a little while, you know, and she'll be so disappointed."
i heard the words, but hardly noticed them, i was so deep in mythinkings and strugglings.
he left me, but i didn't know.
presently hewas back, with the picture case in his hand, and he held it open beforeme and said:"there, now, tell her to her face you could have stayed to see her, andyou wouldn't."
that second glimpse broke down my good resolution.
i would stay and takethe risk.
that night we smoked the tranquil pipe, and talked till lateabout various things, but mainly about her; and certainly i had had nosuch pleasant and restful time for many a day.
the thursday followed andslipped comfortably away.
toward twilight a big miner from three milesaway came--one of the grizzled, stranded pioneers--and gave us warmsalutation, clothed in grave and sober speech.
then he said:"i only just dropped over to ask about the little madam, and when is shecoming home.
any news from her?"
"oh, yes, a letter.
would you like to hear it, tom?"
"well, i should think i would, if you don't mind, henry!"
henry got the letter out of his wallet, and said he would skip some ofthe private phrases, if we were willing; then he went on and read thebulk of it--a loving, sedate, and altogether charming and graciouspiece of handiwork, with a postscript full of affectionate regardsand messages to tom, and joe, and charley, and other close friends andneighbors.
as the reader finished, he glanced at tom, and cried out:"oho, you're at it again!
take your hands away, and let me see youreyes.
you always do that when i read a letter from her.
i will write andtell her."
"oh no, you mustn't, henry.
i'm getting old, you know, and any littledisappointment makes me want to cry.
i thought she'd be here herself,and now you've got only a letter."
"well, now, what put that in your head?
i thought everybody knew shewasn't coming till saturday."
why, come to think, i did know it.
i wonder what's the matterwith me lately?
certainly i knew it.
ain't we all getting ready for her?
well, i must be going now.
but i'll be on hand when she comes, old man!"
late friday afternoon another gray veteran tramped over from his cabin amile or so away, and said the boys wanted to have a little gaiety anda good time saturday night, if henry thought she wouldn't be too tiredafter her journey to be kept up.
oh, hear the man!
joe, you know she'd sit up sixweeks to please any one of you!"
when joe heard that there was a letter, he asked to have it read, andthe loving messages in it for him broke the old fellow all up; but hesaid he was such an old wreck that that would happen to him if she onlyjust mentioned his name.
"lord, we miss her so!"
saturday afternoon i found i was taking out my watch pretty often.
henrynoticed it, and said, with a startled look:"you don't think she ought to be here soon, do you?"
i felt caught, and a little embarrassed; but i laughed, and said it wasa habit of mine when i was in a state of expenctancy.
but he didn't seemquite satisfied; and from that time on he began to show uneasiness.
fourtimes he walked me up the road to a point whence we could see a longdistance; and there he would stand, shading his eyes with his hand, andlooking.
several times he said:"i'm getting worried, i'm getting right down worried.
i know she's notdue till about nine o'clock, and yet something seems to be tryingto warn me that something's happened.
you don't think anything hashappened, do you?"
i began to get pretty thoroughly ashamed of him for his childishness;and at last, when he repeated that imploring question still anothertime, i lost my patience for the moment, and spoke pretty brutally tohim.
it seemed to shrivel him up and cow him; and he looked so woundedand so humble after that, that i detested myself for having done thecruel and unnecessary thing.
and so i was glad when charley, anotherveteran, arrived toward the edge of the evening, and nestled up tohenry to hear the letter read, and talked over the preparations for thewelcome.
charley fetched out one hearty speech after another, and didhis best to drive away his friend's bodings and apprehensions.
"anything happened to her?
henry, that's pure nonsense.
there isn'tanything going to happen to her; just make your mind easy as to that.
what did the letter say?
said she was well, didn't it?
and said she'dbe here by nine o'clock, didn't it?
did you ever know her to fail of herword?
why, you know you never did.
well, then, don't you fret; she'll behere, and that's absolutely certain, and as sure as you are born.
come,now, let's get to decorating--not much time left."
pretty soon tom and joe arrived, and then all hands set about adoringthe house with flowers.
toward nine the three miners said that as theyhad brought their instruments they might as well tune up, for theboys and girls would soon be arriving now, and hungry for a good,old-fashioned break-down.
a fiddle, a banjo, and a clarinet--these werethe instruments.
the trio took their places side by side, and began toplay some rattling dance-music, and beat time with their big boots.
it was getting very close to nine.
henry was standing in the door withhis eyes directed up the road, his body swaying to the torture of hismental distress.
he had been made to drink his wife's health and safetyseveral times, and now tom shouted:"all hands stand by!
one more drink, and she's here!"
joe brought the glasses on a waiter, and served the party.
i reached forone of the two remaining glasses, but joe growled under his breath:"drop that!
take the other."
which i did.
henry was served last.
he had hardly swallowed his drinkwhen the clock began to strike.
he listened till it finished, his facegrowing pale and paler; then he said:"boys, i'm sick with fear.
help me--i want to lie down!"
they helped him to the sofa.
he began to nestle and drowse, butpresently spoke like one talking in his sleep, and said: "did i hearhorses' feet?
have they come?"
one of the veterans answered, close to his ear: "it was jimmy parishcome to say the party got delayed, but they're right up the road apiece, and coming along.
her horse is lame, but she'll be here in halfan hour."
"oh, i'm so thankful nothing has happened!"
he was asleep almost before the words were out of his mouth.
in a momentthose handy men had his clothes off, and had tucked him into his bed inthe chamber where i had washed my hands.
they closed the door and cameback.
then they seemed preparing to leave; but i said: "please don't go,gentlemen.
she won't know me; i am a stranger."
they glanced at each other.
then joe said:"she?
poor thing, she's been dead nineteen years!"
"that or worse.
she went to see her folks half a year after she wasmarried, and on her way back, on a saturday evening, the indianscaptured her within five miles of this place, and she's never been heardof since."
"and he lost his mind in consequence?"
"never has been sane an hour since.
but he only gets bad when that timeof year comes round.
then we begin to drop in here, three days beforeshe's due, to encourage him up, and ask if he's heard from her,and saturday we all come and fix up the house with flowers, and geteverything ready for a dance.
we've done it every year for nineteenyears.
the first saturday there was twenty-seven of us, without countingthe girls; there's only three of us now, and the girls are gone.
wedrug him to sleep, or he would go wild; then he's all right for anotheryear--thinks she's with him till the last three or four days come round;then he begins to look for her, and gets out his poor old letter, and wecome and ask him to read it to us.
lord, she was a darling!"
a helpless situationonce or twice a year i get a letter of a certain pattern, a pattern thatnever materially changes, in form and substance, yet i cannot get usedto that letter--it always astonishes me.
it affects me as the locomotivealways affects me: i saw to myself, "i have seen you a thousand times,you always look the same way, yet you are always a wonder, and you arealways impossible; to contrive you is clearly beyond human genius--youcan't exist, you don't exist, yet here you are!"
i have a letter of that kind by me, a very old one.
i yearn to print it,and where is the harm?
the writer of it is dead years ago, no doubt, andif i conceal her name and address--her this-world address--i am sureher shade will not mind.
and with it i wish to print the answer whichi wrote at the time but probably did not send.
if it went--which is notlikely--it went in the form of a copy, for i find the original stillhere, pigeonholed with the said letter.
to that kind of letters we allwrite answers which we do not send, fearing to hurt where we have nodesire to hurt; i have done it many a time, and this is doubtless a caseof the sort.
the letterx------, california, june 3, 1879.mr. s. l. clemens, hartford, conn.:dear sir,--you will doubtless be surprised to know who has presumed towrite and ask a favor of you.
let your memory go back to your days inthe humboldt mines--'62-'63.
you will remember, you and clagett andoliver and the old blacksmith tillou lived in a lean-to which washalf-way up the gulch, and there were six log cabins in the camp--strungpretty well separated up the gulch from its mouth at the desert to wherethe last claim was, at the divide.
the lean-to you lived in was the onewith a canvas roof that the cow fell down through one night, as toldabout by you in roughing it--my uncle simmons remembers it very well.
helived in the principal cabin, half-way up the divide, along with dixonand parker and smith.
it had two rooms, one for kitchen and the otherfor bunks, and was the only one that had.
you and your party were thereon the great night, the time they had dried-apple-pie, uncle simmonsoften speaks of it.
it seems curious that dried-apple-pie should haveseemed such a great thing, but it was, and it shows how far humboldt wasout of the world and difficult to get to, and how slim the regular billof fare was.
sixteen years ago--it is a long time.
i was a little girlthen, only fourteen.
i never saw you, i lived in washoe.
but unclesimmons ran across you every now and then, all during those weeks thatyou and party were there working your claim which was like the rest.
thecamp played out long and long ago, there wasn't silver enough in itto make a button.
you never saw my husband, but he was there after youleft, and lived in that very lean-to, a bachelor then but married to menow.
he often wishes there had been a photographer there in those days,he would have taken the lean-to.
he got hurt in the old hal claytonclaim that was abandoned like the others, putting in a blast and notclimbing out quick enough, though he scrambled the best he could.
itlanded him clear down on the train and hit a piute.
for weeks theythought he would not get over it but he did, and is all right, now.
hasbeen ever since.
this is a long introduction but it is the only wayi can make myself known.
the favor i ask i feel assured your generousheart will grant: give me some advice about a book i have written.
i donot claim anything for it only it is mostly true and as interesting asmost of the books of the times.
i am unknown in the literary world andyou know what that means unless one has some one of influence (likeyourself) to help you by speaking a good word for you.
i would like toplace the book on royalty basis plan with any one you would suggest.
this is a secret from my husband and family.
i intend it as a surprisein case i get it published.
feeling you will take an interest in this and if possible write me aletter to some publisher, or, better still, if you could see them for meand then let me hear.
i appeal to you to grant me this favor.
with deepest gratitude i thinkyou for your attention.
one knows, without inquiring, that the twin of that embarrassing letteris forever and ever flying in this and that and the other directionacross the continent in the mails, daily, nightly, hourly, unceasingly,unrestingly.
it goes to every well-known merchant, and railway official,and manufacturer, and capitalist, and mayor, and congressman, andgovernor, and editor, and publisher, and author, and broker, andbanker--in a word, to every person who is supposed to have "influence."
it always follows the one pattern: "you do not know me, but you onceknew a relative of mine," etc., etc.
we should all like to help theapplicants, we should all be glad to do it, we should all like to returnthe sort of answer that is desired, but--well, there is not a thing wecan do that would be a help, for not in any instance does that latterever come from anyone who can be helped.
the struggler whom you couldhelp does his own helping; it would not occur to him to apply to you,stranger.
he has talent and knows it, and he goes into his fight eagerlyand with energy and determination--all alone, preferring to be alone.
that pathetic letter which comes to you from the incapable, theunhelpable--how do you who are familiar with it answer it?
what do youfind to say?
you do not want to inflict a wound; you hunt ways to avoidthat.
what do you find?
how do you get out of your hard place with acontend conscience?
do you try to explain?
the old reply of mine to sucha letter shows that i tried that once.
was i satisfied with the result?
possibly; and possibly not; probably not; almost certainly not.
i havelong ago forgotten all about it.
but, anyway, i append my effort:the replyi know mr. h., and i will go to him, dear madam, if upon reflection youfind you still desire it.
there will be a conversation.
i know the formit will take.
it will be like this:mr. h. how do her books strike you?
i am not acquainted with them.
h. who has been her publisher?
c. i don't know.
h. she has one, i suppose?
c. i--i think not.
you think this is her first book?
c. yes--i suppose so.
i think so.
h. what is it about?
what is the character of it?
c. i believe i do not know.
h. have you seen it?
c. well--no, i haven't.
h. ah-h. how long have you known her?
c. i don't know her.
h. don't know her?
h. ah-h. how did you come to be interested in her book, then?
c. well, she--she wrote and asked me to find a publisher for her, andmentioned you.
h. why should she apply to you instead of me?
c. she wished me to use my influence.
h. dear me, what has influence to do with such a matter?
c. well, i think she thought you would be more likely to examine herbook if you were influenced.
h. why, what we are here for is to examine books--anybody's bookthat comes along.
it's our business.
why should we turn away a bookunexamined because it's a stranger's?
it would be foolish.
no publisherdoes it.
on what ground did she request your influence, since you do notknow her?
she must have thought you knew her literature and could speakfor it.
is that it?
c. no; she knew i didn't.
h. well, what then?
she had a reason of some sort for believing youcompetent to recommend her literature, and also under obligations to doit?
c. yes, i--i knew her uncle.
h. knew her uncle?
h. upon my word!
so, you knew her uncle; her uncle knows her literature;he endorses it to you; the chain is complete, nothing further needed;you are satisfied, and therefore--c. no, that isn't all, there are other ties.
i know the cabin her unclelived in, in the mines; i knew his partners, too; also i came nearknowing her husband before she married him, and i did know the abandonedshaft where a premature blast went off and he went flying through theair and clear down to the trail and hit an indian in the back withalmost fatal consequences.
h. to him, or to the indian?
c. she didn't say which it was.
h. (with a sigh).
it certainly beats the band!
you don't know her, youdon't know her literature, you don't know who got hurt when the blastwent off, you don't know a single thing for us to build an estimate ofher book upon, so far as i--c. i knew her uncle.
you are forgetting her uncle.
h. oh, what use is he?
did you know him long?
how long was it?
c. well, i don't know that i really knew him, but i must have met him,anyway.
i think it was that way; you can't tell about these things, youknow, except when they are recent.
when was all this?
c. sixteen years ago.
h. what a basis to judge a book upon!
as first you said you knew him,and now you don't know whether you did or not.
c. oh yes, i know him; anyway, i think i thought i did; i'm perfectlycertain of it.
h. what makes you think you thought you knew him?
c. why, she says i did, herself.
h. she says so!
c. yes, she does, and i did know him, too, though i don't remember itnow.
h. come--how can you know it when you don't remember it.
c. _i_ don't know.
that is, i don't know the process, but i do knowlots of things that i don't remember, and remember lots of things that idon't know.
it's so with every educated person.
h. (after a pause).
is your time valuable?
c. no--well, not very.
h. mine is.
so i came away then, because he was looking tired.
overwork, i reckon; inever do that; i have seen the evil effects of it.
my mother was alwaysafraid i would overwork myself, but i never did.
dear madam, you see how it would happen if i went there.
he would askme those questions, and i would try to answer them to suit him, and hewould hunt me here and there and yonder and get me embarrassed moreand more all the time, and at last he would look tired on account ofoverwork, and there it would end and nothing done.
i wish i could beuseful to you, but, you see, they do not care for uncles or any of thosethings; it doesn't move them, it doesn't have the least effect, theydon't care for anything but the literature itself, and they as good asdespise influence.
but they do care for books, and are eager to get themand examine them, no matter whence they come, nor from whose pen.
if youwill send yours to a publisher--any publisher--he will certainly examineit, i can assure you of that.
a telephonic conversationconsider that a conversation by telephone--when you are simply sitingby and not taking any part in that conversation--is one of the solemnestcuriosities of modern life.
yesterday i was writing a deep article on asublime philosophical subject while such a conversation was going onin the room.
i notice that one can always write best when somebody istalking through a telephone close by.
well, the thing began in this way.
a member of our household came in and asked me to have our house putinto communication with mr. bagley's downtown.
i have observed, in manycities, that the sex always shrink from calling up the central officethemselves.
i don't know why, but they do.
so i touched the bell, andthis talk ensued:central office.
i. is it the central office?
c. o. of course it is.
what do you want?
i. will you switch me on to the bagleys, please?
c. o. all right.
just keep your ear to the telephone.
then i heard k-look, k-look, k'look--klook-klook-klook-look-look!
then ahorrible "gritting" of teeth, and finally a piping female voice: y-e-s?
did you wish to speak to me?
without answering, i handed the telephone to the applicant, and satdown.
then followed that queerest of all the queer things in thisworld--a conversation with only one end of it.
you hear questions asked;you don't hear the answer.
you hear invitations given; you hear nothanks in return.
you have listening pauses of dead silence, followed byapparently irrelevant and unjustifiable exclamations of glad surprise orsorrow or dismay.
you can't make head or tail of the talk, because younever hear anything that the person at the other end of the wire says.
well, i heard the following remarkable series of observations, all fromthe one tongue, and all shouted--for you can't ever persuade the sex tospeak gently into a telephone:yes?
why, how did that happen?
what did you say?
oh no, i don't think it was.
oh no, i didn't mean that.
i meant, put it in while it is stillboiling--or just before it comes to a boil.
i turned it over with a backstitch on the selvage edge.
yes, i like that way, too; but i think it's better to baste it on withvalenciennes or bombazine, or something of that sort.
it gives it suchan air--and attracts so much noise.
it's forty-ninth deuteronomy, sixty-forth to ninety-seventh inclusive.
ithink we ought all to read it often.
perhaps so; i generally use a hair pin.
what did you say?
children, do be quiet!
dear me, i thought you said it was the cat!
why, _i_ never heard of it.
you astound me!
it seems utterly impossible!
well, what is this world coming to?
was it right in church?
and was her mother there?
why, mrs. bagley, i should have died of humiliation!
what did they do?
i can't be perfectly sure, because i haven't the notes by me; buti think it goes something like this: te-rolly-loll-loll, lolllolly-loll-loll, o tolly-loll-loll-lee-ly-li-i-do!
and then repeat, youknow.
yes, i think it is very sweet--and very solemn and impressive, if youget the andantino and the pianissimo right.
oh, gum-drops, gum-drops!
but i never allow them to eat striped candy.
and of course they can't, till they get their teeth, anyway.
oh, not in the least--go right on.
he's here writing--it doesn't botherhim.
very well, i'll come if i can.
dear me, how it does tire aperson's arm to hold this thing up so long!
i wish she'd--pause.
oh no, not at all; i like to talk--but i'm afraid i'm keeping you fromyour affairs.
no, we never use butter on them.
yes, that is a very good way; but all the cook-books say they arevery unhealthy when they are out of season.
and he doesn't like them,anyway--especially canned.
oh, i think that is too high for them; we have never paid over fiftycents a bunch.
must you go?
yes, i think so.
four o'clock, then--i'll be ready.
thank you ever so much.
oh, not at all!--just as fresh--which?
oh, i'm glad to hear you saythat.
(hangs up the telephone and says, "oh, it does tire a person's arm so!")
a man delivers a single brutal "good-by," and that is the end of it.
not so with the gentle sex--i say it in their praise; they cannot abideabruptness.
edward mills and george benton: a talethese two were distantly related to each other--seventh cousins, orsomething of that sort.
while still babies they became orphans, and wereadopted by the brants, a childless couple, who quickly grew very fondof them.
the brants were always saying: "be pure, honest, sober,industrious, and considerate of others, and success in life is assured."
the children heard this repeated some thousands of times before theyunderstood it; they could repeat it themselves long before they couldsay the lord's prayer; it was painted over the nursery door, and wasabout the first thing they learned to read.
it was destined to be theunswerving rule of edward mills's life.
sometimes the brants changedthe wording a little, and said: "be pure, honest, sober, industrious,considerate, and you will never lack friends."
baby mills was a comfort to everybody about him.
when he wanted candyand could not have it, he listened to reason, and contented himselfwithout it.
when baby benton wanted candy, he cried for it until he gotit.
baby mills took care of his toys; baby benton always destroyed hisin a very brief time, and then made himself so insistently disagreeablethat, in order to have peace in the house, little edward was persuadedto yield up his play-things to him.
when the children were a little older, georgie became a heavy expensein one respect: he took no care of his clothes; consequently, he shonefrequently in new ones, with was not the case with eddie.
the boysgrew apace.
eddie was an increasing comfort, georgie an increasingsolicitude.
it was always sufficient to say, in answer to eddie'spetitions, "i would rather you would not do it"--meaning swimming,skating, picnicking, berrying, circusing, and all sorts of things whichboys delight in.
but no answer was sufficient for georgie; he had tobe humored in his desires, or he would carry them with a high hand.
naturally, no boy got more swimming skating, berrying, and so forth thanhe; no body ever had a better time.
the good brants did not allow theboys to play out after nine in summer evenings; they were sent to bed atthat hour; eddie honorably remained, but georgie usually slipped outof the window toward ten, and enjoyed himself until midnight.
it seemedimpossible to break georgie of this bad habit, but the brants managedit at last by hiring him, with apples and marbles, to stay in.
the goodbrants gave all their time and attention to vain endeavors to regulategeorgie; they said, with grateful tears in their eyes, that eddie neededno efforts of theirs, he was so good, so considerate, and in all ways soperfect.
by and by the boys were big enough to work, so they were apprenticed toa trade: edward went voluntarily; george was coaxed and bribed.
edwardworked hard and faithfully, and ceased to be an expense to the goodbrants; they praised him, so did his master; but george ran away, and itcost mr. brant both money and trouble to hunt him up and get him back.
by and by he ran away again--more money and more trouble.
he ran awaya third time--and stole a few things to carry with him.
trouble andexpense for mr. brant once more; and, besides, it was with the greatestdifficulty that he succeeded in persuading the master to let the youthgo unprosecuted for the theft.
edward worked steadily along, and in time became a full partner in hismaster's business.
george did not improve; he kept the loving hearts ofhis aged benefactors full of trouble, and their hands full of inventiveactivities to protect him from ruin.
edward, as a boy, had interestedhimself in sunday-schools, debating societies, penny missionary affairs,anti-tobacco organizations, anti-profanity associations, and all suchthings; as a man, he was a quiet but steady and reliable helper in thechurch, the temperance societies, and in all movements looking tothe aiding and uplifting of men.
this excited no remark, attracted noattention--for it was his "natural bent."
finally, the old people died.
the will testified their loving pride inedward, and left their little property to george--because he "neededit"; whereas, "owing to a bountiful providence," such was not the casewith edward.
the property was left to george conditionally: he mustbuy out edward's partner with it; else it must go to a benevolentorganization called the prisoner's friend society.
the old people lefta letter, in which they begged their dear son edward to take their placeand watch over george, and help and shield him as they had done.
edward dutifully acquiesced, and george became his partner in thebusiness.
he was not a valuable partner: he had been meddling with drinkbefore; he soon developed into a constant tippler now, and his flesh andeyes showed the fact unpleasantly.
edward had been courting a sweetand kindly spirited girl for some time.
they loved each other dearly,and--but about this period george began to haunt her tearfully andimploringly, and at last she went crying to edward, and said her highand holy duty was plain before her--she must not let her own selfishdesires interfere with it: she must marry "poor george" and "reformhim."
it would break her heart, she knew it would, and so on; but dutywas duty.
so she married george, and edward's heart came very nearbreaking, as well as her own.
however, edward recovered, and marriedanother girl--a very excellent one she was, too.
children came to both families.
mary did her honest best to reform herhusband, but the contract was too large.
george went on drinking, and byand by he fell to misusing her and the little ones sadly.
a great manygood people strove with george--they were always at it, in fact--but hecalmly took such efforts as his due and their duty, and did not mend hisways.
he added a vice, presently--that of secret gambling.
he got deeplyin debt; he borrowed money on the firm's credit, as quietly as he could,and carried this system so far and so successfully that one morning thesheriff took possession of the establishment, and the two cousins foundthemselves penniless.
times were hard, now, and they grew worse.
edward moved his family intoa garret, and walked the streets day and night, seeking work.
he beggedfor it, but it was really not to be had.
he was astonished to see howsoon his face became unwelcome; he was astonished and hurt to see howquickly the ancient interest which people had had in him faded out anddisappeared.
still, he must get work; so he swallowed his chagrin, andtoiled on in search of it.
at last he got a job of carrying bricks up aladder in a hod, and was a grateful man in consequence; but after thatnobody knew him or cared anything about him.
he was not able to keep uphis dues in the various moral organizations to which he belonged,and had to endure the sharp pain of seeing himself brought under thedisgrace of suspension.
but the faster edward died out of public knowledge and interest, thefaster george rose in them.
he was found lying, ragged and drunk, in thegutter one morning.
a member of the ladies' temperance refuge fished himout, took him in hand, got up a subscription for him, kept him sobera whole week, then got a situation for him.
an account of it waspublished.
general attention was thus drawn to the poor fellow, and a great manypeople came forward and helped him toward reform with their countenanceand encouragement.
he did not drink a drop for two months, and meantimewas the pet of the good.
then he fell--in the gutter; and there wasgeneral sorrow and lamentation.
but the noble sisterhood rescued himagain.
they cleaned him up, they fed him, they listened to the mournfulmusic of his repentances, they got him his situation again.
an accountof this, also, was published, and the town was drowned in happy tearsover the re-restoration of the poor beast and struggling victim ofthe fatal bowl.
a grand temperance revival was got up, and after somerousing speeches had been made the chairman said, impressively: "we arenot about to call for signers; and i think there is a spectacle instore for you which not many in this house will be able to view with dryeyes."
there was an eloquent pause, and then george benton, escortedby a red-sashed detachment of the ladies of the refuge, stepped forwardupon the platform and signed the pledge.
the air was rent with applause,and everybody cried for joy.
everybody wrung the hand of the new convertwhen the meeting was over; his salary was enlarged next day; he was thetalk of the town, and its hero.
an account of it was published.
george benton fell, regularly, every three months, but was faithfullyrescued and wrought with, every time, and good situations were found forhim.
finally, he was taken around the country lecturing, as a reformeddrunkard, and he had great houses and did an immense amount of good.
he was so popular at home, and so trusted--during his soberintervals--that he was enabled to use the name of a principal citizen,and get a large sum of money at the bank.
a mighty pressure was broughtto bear to save him from the consequences of his forgery, and it waspartially successful--he was "sent up" for only two years.
when, at theend of a year, the tireless efforts of the benevolent were crownedwith success, and he emerged from the penitentiary with a pardon inhis pocket, the prisoner's friend society met him at the door with asituation and a comfortable salary, and all the other benevolent peoplecame forward and gave him advice, encouragement and help.
edward millshad once applied to the prisoner's friend society for a situation, whenin dire need, but the question, "have you been a prisoner?"
made briefwork of his case.
while all these things were going on, edward mills had been quietlymaking head against adversity.
he was still poor, but was in receipt ofa steady and sufficient salary, as the respected and trusted cashierof a bank.
george benton never came near him, and was never heard toinquire about him.
george got to indulging in long absences from thetown; there were ill reports about him, but nothing definite.
one winter's night some masked burglars forced their way into the bank,and found edward mills there alone.
they commanded him to reveal the"combination," so that they could get into the safe.
theythreatened his life.
he said his employers trusted him, and he could notbe traitor to that trust.
he could die, if he must, but while he livedhe would be faithful; he would not yield up the "combination."
theburglars killed him.
the detectives hunted down the criminals; the chief one proved to begeorge benton.
a wide sympathy was felt for the widow and orphans of thedead man, and all the newspapers in the land begged that all the banksin the land would testify their appreciation of the fidelity and heroismof the murdered cashier by coming forward with a generous contributionof money in aid of his family, now bereft of support.
the result wasa mass of solid cash amounting to upward of five hundred dollars--anaverage of nearly three-eights of a cent for each bank in the union.
thecashier's own bank testified its gratitude by endeavoring to show (buthumiliatingly failed in it) that the peerless servant's accounts werenot square, and that he himself had knocked his brains out with abludgeon to escape detection and punishment.
george benton was arraigned for trial.
then everybody seemed to forgetthe widow and orphans in their solicitude for poor george.
everythingthat money and influence could do was done to save him, but it allfailed; he was sentenced to death.
straightway the governor was besiegedwith petitions for commutation or pardon; they were brought by tearfulyoung girls; by sorrowful old maids; by deputations of pathetic widows;by shoals of impressive orphans.
but no, the governor--for once--wouldnot yield.
now george benton experienced religion.
the glad news flew all around.
from that time forth his cell was always full of girls and women andfresh flowers; all the day long there was prayer, and hymn-singing,and thanksgiving, and homilies, and tears, with never an interruption,except an occasional five-minute intermission for refreshments.
this sort of thing continued up to the very gallows, and george bentonwent proudly home, in the black cap, before a wailing audience of thesweetest and best that the region could produce.
his grave had freshflowers on it every day, for a while, and the head-stone bore thesewords, under a hand pointing aloft: "he has fought the good fight."
the brave cashier's head-stone has this inscription: "be pure, honest,sober, industrious, considerate, and you will never--"nobody knows who gave the order to leave it that way, but it was sogiven.
the cashier's family are in stringent circumstances, now, it is said;but no matter; a lot of appreciative people, who were not willing thatan act so brave and true as his should go unrewarded, have collectedforty-two thousand dollars--and built a memorial church with it.
the five boons of lifein the morning of life came a good fairy with her basket, and said:"here are gifts.
take one, leave the others.
and be wary, chose wisely;oh, choose wisely!
for only one of them is valuable."
the gifts were five: fame, love, riches, pleasure, death.
the youthsaid, eagerly:"there is no need to consider"; and he chose pleasure.
he went out into the world and sought out the pleasures that youthdelights in.
but each in its turn was short-lived and disappointing,vain and empty; and each, departing, mocked him.
in the end he said:"these years i have wasted.
if i could but choose again, i would choosewisely."
the fairy appeared, and said:"four of the gifts remain.
choose once more; and oh, remember--time isflying, and only one of them is precious."
the man considered long, then chose love; and did not mark the tearsthat rose in the fairy's eyes.
after many, many years the man sat by a coffin, in an empty home.
and hecommuned with himself, saying: "one by one they have gone away and leftme; and now she lies here, the dearest and the last.
desolation afterdesolation has swept over me; for each hour of happiness the treacheroustrader, love, as sold me i have paid a thousand hours of grief.
out ofmy heart of hearts i curse him."
it was the fairy speaking.
"the years have taught you wisdom--surely it must be so.
only one of them has any worth--remember it, and choose warily."
the man reflected long, then chose fame; and the fairy, sighing, wenther way.
years went by and she came again, and stood behind the man where he satsolitary in the fading day, thinking.
and she knew his thought:"my name filled the world, and its praises were on every tongue, and itseemed well with me for a little while.
how little a while it was!
thencame envy; then detraction; then calumny; then hate; then persecution.
then derision, which is the beginning of the end.
and last of all camepity, which is the funeral of fame.
oh, the bitterness and misery ofrenown!
target for mud in its prime, for contempt and compassion in itsdecay."
"chose yet again."
it was the fairy's voice.
"two gifts remain.
and do not despair.
in the beginning there was butone that was precious, and it is still here."
"wealth--which is power!
how blind i was!"
said the man.
"now, at last,life will be worth the living.
i will spend, squander, dazzle.
thesemockers and despisers will crawl in the dirt before me, and i will feedmy hungry heart with their envy.
i will have all luxuries, all joys, allenchantments of the spirit, all contentments of the body that man holdsdear.
i will buy, buy, buy!
deference, respect, esteem, worship--everypinchbeck grace of life the market of a trivial world can furnish forth.
i have lost much time, and chosen badly heretofore, but let that pass; iwas ignorant then, and could but take for best what seemed so."
three short years went by, and a day came when the man sat shivering ina mean garret; and he was gaunt and wan and hollow-eyed, and clothed inrags; and he was gnawing a dry crust and mumbling:"curse all the world's gifts, for mockeries and gilded lies!
andmiscalled, every one.
they are not gifts, but merely lendings.
pleasure,love, fame, riches: they are but temporary disguises for lastingrealities--pain, grief, shame, poverty.
the fairy said true; in all herstore there was but one gift which was precious, only one that was notvalueless.
how poor and cheap and mean i know those others now to be,compared with that inestimable one, that dear and sweet and kindly one,that steeps in dreamless and enduring sleep the pains that persecute thebody, and the shames and griefs that eat the mind and heart.
iam weary, i would rest."
the fairy came, bringing again four of the gifts, but death was wanting.
she said:"i gave it to a mother's pet, a little child.
it was ignorant, buttrusted me, asking me to choose for it.
you did not ask me to choose."
"oh, miserable me!
what is left for me?"
"what not even you have deserved: the wanton insult of old age."
the first writing-machinesfrom my unpublished autobiographysome days ago a correspondent sent in an old typewritten sheet, faded byage, containing the following letter over the signature of mark twain:"hartford, march 10, 1875.
"please do not use my name in any way.
please do not even divulge thatfact that i own a machine.
i have entirely stopped using the typewriter,for the reason that i never could write a letter with it to anybodywithout receiving a request by return mail that i would not onlydescribe the machine, but state what progress i had made in the use ofit, etc., etc.
i don't like to write letters, and so i don't want peopleto know i own this curiosity-breeding little joker."
a note was sent to mr. clemens asking him if the letter was genuineand whether he really had a typewriter as long ago as that.
mr.clemens replied that his best answer is the following chapter from hisunpublished autobiography:1904. villa quarto, florence, january.
dictating autobiography to a typewriter is a new experience for me, butit goes very well, and is going to save time and "language"--the kind oflanguage that soothes vexation.
i have dictated to a typewriter before--but not autobiography.
betweenthat experience and the present one there lies a mighty gap--more thanthirty years!
it is sort of lifetime.
in that wide interval much hashappened--to the type-machine as well as to the rest of us.
at thebeginning of that interval a type-machine was a curiosity.
the personwho owned one was a curiosity, too.
but now it is the other way about:the person who doesn't own one is a curiosity.
i saw a type-machine forthe first time in--what year?
i suppose it was 1873--because nasby waswith me at the time, and it was in boston.
we must have been lecturing,or we could not have been in boston, i take it.
i quitted the platformthat season.
but never mind about that, it is no matter.
nasby and i saw the machinethrough a window, and went in to look at it.
the salesman explained itto us, showed us samples of its work, and said it could do fifty-sevenwords a minute--a statement which we frankly confessed that we did notbelieve.
so he put his type-girl to work, and we timed her by thewatch.
she actually did the fifty-seven in sixty seconds.
we were partlyconvinced, but said it probably couldn't happen again.
but it did.
wetimed the girl over and over again--with the same result always: she wonout.
she did her work on narrow slips of paper, and we pocketed them asfast as she turned them out, to show as curiosities.
the price of themachine was one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
i bought one, and wewent away very much excited.
at the hotel we got out our slips and were a little disappointed to findthat they contained the same words.
the girl had economized timeand labor by using a formula which she knew by heart.
however, weargued--safely enough--that the first type-girl must naturally take rankwith the first billiard-player: neither of them could be expected to getout of the game any more than a third or a half of what was in it.
ifthe machine survived--if it survived--experts would come to the front,by and by, who would double the girl's output without a doubt.
theywould do one hundred words a minute--my talking speed on the platform.
that score has long ago been beaten.
at home i played with the toy, repeated and repeating and repeated "theboy stood on the burning deck," until i could turn that boy's adventureout at the rate of twelve words a minute; then i resumed the pen, forbusiness, and only worked the machine to astonish inquiring visitors.
they carried off many reams of the boy and his burning deck.
by and by i hired a young woman, and did my first dictating (letters,merely), and my last until now.
the machine did not do both capitals andlower case (as now), but only capitals.
gothic capitals they were, andsufficiently ugly.
i remember the first letter i dictated, it was toedward bok, who was a boy then.
i was not acquainted with him at thattime.
his present enterprising spirit is not new--he had it in thatearly day.
he was accumulating autographs, and was not content withmere signatures, he wanted a whole autograph letter.
i furnished it--intype-written capitals, signature and all.
it was long; it was a sermon;it contained advice; also reproaches.
i said writing was my trade,my bread-and-butter; i said it was not fair to ask a man to give awaysamples of his trade; would he ask the blacksmith for a horseshoe?
wouldhe ask the doctor for a corpse?
now i come to an important matter--as i regard it.
in the year '74 theyoung woman copied a considerable part of a book of mine on the machine.
in a previous chapter of this autobiography i have claimed that i wasthe first person in the world that ever had a telephone in the house forpractical purposes; i will now claim--until dispossess--that i was thefirst person in the world to apply the type-machine to literature.
thatbook must have been the adventures of tom sawyer.
i wrote the first halfof it in '72, the rest of it in '74.
my machinist type-copied a book forme in '74, so i concluded it was that one.
that early machine was full of caprices, full of defects--devilish ones.
it had as many immoralities as the machine of today has virtues.
aftera year or two i found that it was degrading my character, so i thoughti would give it to howells.
he was reluctant, for he was suspicious ofnovelties and unfriendly toward them, and he remains so to this day.
buti persuaded him.
he had great confidence in me, and i got him to believethings about the machine that i did not believe myself.
he took it hometo boston, and my morals began to improve, but his have never recovered.
he kept it six months, and then returned it to me.
i gave it away twiceafter that, but it wouldn't stay; it came back.
then i gave it to ourcoachman, patrick mcaleer, who was very grateful, because he did notknow the animal, and thought i was trying to make him wiser and better.
as soon as he got wiser and better he traded it to a heretic for aside-saddle which he could not use, and there my knowledge of itshistory ends.
italian without a masterit is almost a fortnight now that i am domiciled in a medieval villa inthe country, a mile or two from florence.
i cannot speak the language;i am too old not to learn how, also too busy when i am busy, and tooindolent when i am not; wherefore some will imagine that i am having adull time of it.
but it is not so.
the "help" are all natives; they talkitalian to me, i answer in english; i do not understand them, theydo not understand me, consequently no harm is done, and everybody issatisfied.
in order to be just and fair, i throw in an italian word wheni have one, and this has a good influence.
i get the word out of themorning paper.
i have to use it while it is fresh, for i find thatitalian words do not keep in this climate.
they fade toward night, andnext morning they are gone.
but it is no matter; i get a new one out ofthe paper before breakfast, and thrill the domestics with it while itlasts.
i have no dictionary, and i do not want one; i can select wordsby the sound, or by orthographic aspect.
many of them have french orgerman or english look, and these are the ones i enslave for the day'sservice.
that is, as a rule.
if i find a learnable phrasethat has an imposing look and warbles musically along i do not care toknow the meaning of it; i pay it out to the first applicant, knowingthat if i pronounce it carefully he will understand it, and that'senough.
yesterday's word was avanti.
it sounds shakespearian, and probablymeans avaunt and quit my sight.
today i have a whole phrase: sonodispiacentissimo.
i do not know what it means, but it seems to fitin everywhere and give satisfaction.
although as a rule my words andphrases are good for one day and train only, i have several that stay byme all the time, for some unknown reason, and these come very handywhen i get into a long conversation and need things to fire up within monotonous stretches.
one of the best ones is dov' `e il gatto.
itnearly always produces a pleasant surprise, therefore i save it up forplaces where i want to express applause or admiration.
the fourth wordhas a french sound, and i think the phrase means "that takes the cake."
during my first week in the deep and dreamy stillness of this woodsyand flowery place i was without news of the outside world, and was wellcontent without it.
it has been four weeks since i had seen a newspaper,and this lack seemed to give life a new charm and grace, and to saturateit with a feeling verging upon actual delight.
then came a change thatwas to be expected: the appetite for news began to rise again, afterthis invigorating rest.
i had to feed it, but i was not willing to letit make me its helpless slave again; i determined to put it on a diet,and a strict and limited one.
so i examined an italian paper, withthe idea of feeding it on that, and on that exclusively.
on thatexclusively, and without help of a dictionary.
in this way i shouldsurely be well protected against overloading and indigestion.
a glance at the telegraphic page filled me with encouragement.
therewere no scare-heads.
that was good--supremely good.
but there wereheadings--one-liners and two-liners--and that was good too; for withoutthese, one must do as one does with a german paper--pay our precioustime in finding out what an article is about, only to discover, in manycases, that there is nothing in it of interest to you.
the headline is avaluable thing.
necessarily we are all fond of murders, scandals, swindles, robberies,explosions, collisions, and all such things, when we knew the people,and when they are neighbors and friends, but when they are strangers wedo not get any great pleasure out of them, as a rule.
now the troublewith an american paper is that it has no discrimination; it rakes thewhole earth for blood and garbage, and the result is that you are dailyoverfed and suffer a surfeit.
by habit you stow this muck every day, butyou come by and by to take no vital interest in it--indeed, youalmost get tired of it.
as a rule, forty-nine-fiftieths of it concernsstrangers only--people away off yonder, a thousand miles, two thousandmiles, ten thousand miles from where you are.
why, when you come tothink of it, who cares what becomes of those people?
i would not givethe assassination of one personal friend for a whole massacre of thoseothers.
and, to my mind, one relative or neighbor mixed up in a scandalis more interesting than a whole sodom and gomorrah of outlanders gonerotten.
give me the home product every time.
i saw at a glance that the florentine paper would suit me:five out of six of its scandals and tragedies were local; they wereadventures of one's very neighbors, one might almost say one's friends.
in the matter of world news there was not too much, but just aboutenough.
i have had no occasion to regret it.
every morningi get all the news i need for the day; sometimes from the headlines,sometimes from the text.
i have never had to call for a dictionary yet.
i read the paper with ease.
often i do not quite understand, often someof the details escape me, but no matter, i get the idea.
i will cut outa passage or two, then you see how limpid the language is:il ritorno dei beati d'italiaelargizione del re all' ospedale italianothe first line means that the italian sovereigns are coming back--theyhave been to england.
the second line seems to mean that they enlargedthe king at the italian hospital.
with a banquet, i suppose.
an englishbanquet has that effect.
further:il ritorno dei sovrania romaroma, 24, ore 22,50.--i sovrani e le principessine reali si attendono aroma domani alle ore 15,51.return of the sovereigns to rome, you see.
date of the telegram, rome,november 24, ten minutes before twenty-three o'clock.
the telegram seemsto say, "the sovereigns and the royal children expect themselves at rometomorrow at fifty-one minutes after fifteen o'clock."
i do not know about italian time, but i judge it begins at midnightand runs through the twenty-four hours without breaking bulk.
in thefollowing ad, the theaters open at half-past twenty.
if these are notmatinees, 20.30 must mean 8.30 p.m., by my reckoning.
spettacolli del di 25teatro della pergola--(ore 20,30)--opera.
teatroalfieri.--compagnia drammatica drago--(ore 20,30)--la legge.
alhambra--(ore 20,30)--spettacolo variato.
sala edison--grandiosoospettacolo cinematografico: quo vadis?--inaugurazione dellachiesa russa--in coda al direttissimo--vedute di firenze con granmovimeno--america: transporto tronchi giganteschi--i ladri in casa deldiavolo--scene comiche.
cinematografo--via brunelleschi n.
4.--programmastraordinario, don chisciotte--prezzi populari.
the whole of that is intelligible to me--and sane and rational,too--except the remark about the inauguration of a russian chinese.
thatone oversizes my hand.
give me five cards.
this is a four-page paper; and as it is set in long primer leadedand has a page of advertisements, there is no room for the crimes,disasters, and general sweepings of the outside world--thanks be!
todayi find only a single importation of the off-color sort:una principessache fugge con un cocchiereparigi, 24.--il matin ha da berlino che la principessaschovenbare-waldenbure scomparve il 9 novembre.
sarebbe partita col suococchiere.
la principassa ha 27 anni.
twenty-seven years old, and scomparve--scampered--on the 9th november.
you see by the added detail that she departed with her coachman.
i hopesarebbe has not made a mistake, but i am afraid the chances are that shehas.
there are several fires: also a couple of accidents.
this is one ofthem:grave disgrazia sul ponte vecchiostammattina, circe le 7,30, mentre giuseppe sciatti, di anni 55, dicasellina e torri, passava dal ponte vecchio, stando seduto sopra unbarroccio carico di verdura, perse l' equilibrio e cadde al suolo,rimanendo con la gamba destra sotto una ruota del veicolo.
lo sciatti fu subito raccolto da alcuni cittadini, che, per mezzo dellapubblica vettura n. 365, lo transporto a san giovanni di dio.
ivi il medico di guardia gli riscontro la frattura della gamba destrae alcune lievi escoriazioni giudicandolo guaribile in 50 giorni salvocomplicazioni.
what it seems to say is this: "serious disgrace on the old old bridge.
this morning about 7.30, mr. joseph sciatti, aged 55, of casellina andtorri, while standing up in a sitting posture on top of a carico barrowof vedure (foliage?
), lost his equilibrium and fellon himself, arriving with his left leg under one of the wheels of thevehicle.
"said sciatti was suddenly harvested (gathered in?)
by several citizens,who by means of public cab no.
365 transported to st. john of god."
3 is a little obscure, but i think it says that the medicoset the broken left leg--right enough, since there was nothing thematter with the other one--and that several are encouraged to hope thatfifty days well fetch him around in quite giudicandolo-guaribile way, ifno complications intervene.
i am sure i hope so myself.
there is a great and peculiar charm about reading news-scraps in alanguage which you are not acquainted with--the charm that always goeswith the mysterious and the uncertain.
you can never be absolutelysure of the meaning of anything you read in such circumstances; you arechasing an alert and gamy riddle all the time, and the baffling turnsand dodges of the prey make the life of the hunt.
a dictionary wouldspoil it.
sometimes a single word of doubtful purport will cast a veilof dreamy and golden uncertainty over a whole paragraph of cold andpractical certainties, and leave steeped in a haunting and adorablemystery an incident which had been vulgar and commonplace but for thatbenefaction.
would you be wise to draw a dictionary on that graciousword?
would you be properly grateful?
after a couple of days' rest i now come back to my subject and seeka case in point.
i find it without trouble, in the morning paper; acablegram from chicago and indiana by way of paris.
all the words saveone are guessable by a person ignorant of italian:revolverate in teatroparigi, 27.--la patrie ha da chicago:il guardiano del teatro dell'opera di walace (indiana), avendo volutoespellare uno spettatore che continuava a fumare malgrado il diviety,questo spalleggiato dai suoi amici tir`o diversi colpi di rivoltella.
il guardiano ripose.
nacque una scarica generale.
grande panico tra glispettatori.
translation.--"revolveration in theater.
la patrie has fromchicago: the cop of the theater of the opera of wallace, indiana, hadwilled to expel a spectator which continued to smoke in spite of theprohibition, who, spalleggiato by his friends, tire (fr.
tire, anglicepulled) manifold revolver-shots; great panic among the spectators.
it is bettable that that harmless cataclysm in the theater of the operaof wallace, indiana, excited not a person in europe but me, and so camenear to not being worth cabling to florence by way of france.
but itdoes excite me.
it excites me because i cannot make out, for sure, whatit was that moved the spectator to resist the officer.
i was glidingalong smoothly and without obstruction or accident, until i came to thatword "spalleggiato," then the bottom fell out.
you notice what a richgloom, what a somber and pervading mystery, that word sheds all over thewhole wallachian tragedy.
that is the charm of the thing, that is thedelight of it.
this is where you begin, this is where you revel.
you canguess and guess, and have all the fun you like; you need not be afraidthere will be an end to it; none is possible, for no amount of guessingwill ever furnish you a meaning for that word that you can be sure isthe right one.
all the other words give you hints, by their form, theirsound, or their spelling--this one doesn't, this one throws out nohints, this one keeps its secret.
if there is even the slightest slightshadow of a hint anywhere, it lies in the very meagerly suggestive factthat "spalleggiato" carries our word "egg" in its stomach.
well, makethe most out of it, and then where are you at?
you conjecture thatthe spectator which was smoking in spite of the prohibition and becomereprohibited by the guardians, was "egged on" by his friends, and thatwas owing to that evil influence that he initiated the revolveration intheater that has galloped under the sea and come crashing through theeuropean press without exciting anybody but me.
but are you sure, areyou dead sure, that that was the way of it?
then the uncertaintyremains, the mystery abides, and with it the charm.
if i had a phrase-book of a really satisfactory sort i would study it,and not give all my free time to undictionarial readings, but there isno such work on the market.
the existing phrase-books are inadequate.
they are well enough as far as they go, but when you fall down and skinyour leg they don't tell you what to say.
italian with grammari found that a person of large intelligence could read this beautifullanguage with considerable facility without a dictionary, but ipresently found that to such a parson a grammar could be of use attimes.
it is because, if he does not know the were's and the was's andthe maybe's and the has-beens's apart, confusions and uncertainties canarise.
he can get the idea that a thing is going to happen next weekwhen the truth is that it has already happened week before last.
evenmore previously, sometimes.
examination and inquiry showed me thatthe adjectives and such things were frank and fair-minded andstraightforward, and did not shuffle; it was the verb that mixed thehands, it was the verb that lacked stability, it was the verb that hadno permanent opinion about anything, it was the verb that was alwaysdodging the issue and putting out the light and making all the trouble.
further examination, further inquiry, further reflection, confirmed thisjudgment, and established beyond peradventure the fact that the verb wasthe storm-center.
this discovery made plain the right and wise course topursue in order to acquire certainty and exactness in understanding thestatements which the newspaper was daily endeavoring to convey to me: imust catch a verb and tame it.
i must find out its ways, i must spotits eccentricities, i must penetrate its disguises, i must intelligentlyforesee and forecast at least the commoner of the dodges it was likelyto try upon a stranger in given circumstances, i must get in on its mainshifts and head them off, i must learn its game and play the limit.
i had noticed, in other foreign languages, that verbs are bred infamilies, and that the members of each family have certain features orresemblances that are common to that family and distinguish it from theother families--the other kin, the cousins and what not.
i had noticedthat this family-mark is not usually the nose or the hair, so to speak,but the tail--the termination--and that these tails are quite definitelydifferentiated; insomuch that an expert can tell a pluperfect from asubjunctive by its tail as easily and as certainly as a cowboy can tella cow from a horse by the like process, the result of observation andculture.
i should explain that i am speaking of legitimate verbs, thoseverbs which in the slang of the grammar are called regular.
there areother--i am not meaning to conceal this; others called irregulars, bornout of wedlock, of unknown and uninteresting parentage, and naturallydestitute of family resemblances, as regards to all features, tailsincluded.
but of these pathetic outcasts i have nothing to say.
i do notapprove of them, i do not encourage them; i am prudishly delicate andsensitive, and i do not allow them to be used in my presence.
but, as i have said, i decided to catch one of the others and break itinto harness.
one is enough.
once familiar with its assortment of tails,you are immune; after that, no regular verb can conceal its specialtyfrom you and make you think it is working the past or the future or theconditional or the unconditional when it is engaged in some other lineof business--its tail will give it away.
i found out all these things bymyself, without a teacher.
i selected the verb amare, to love.
not for any personal reason, fori am indifferent about verbs; i care no more for one verb than foranother, and have little or no respect for any of them; but in foreignlanguages you always begin with that one.
why, i don't know.
it ismerely habit, i suppose; the first teacher chose it, adam was satisfied,and there hasn't been a successor since with originality enough to starta fresh one.
for they are a pretty limited lot, you will admit that?
originality is not in their line; they can't think up anything new,anything to freshen up the old moss-grown dullness of the languagelesson and put life and "go" into it, and charm and grace andpicturesqueness.
i knew i must look after those details myself; therefore i thought themout and wrote them down, and set for the facchino and explained them tohim, and said he must arrange a proper plant, and get together agood stock company among the contadini, and design the costumes, anddistribute the parts; and drill the troupe, and be ready in three daysto begin on this verb in a shipshape and workman-like manner.
i told himto put each grand division of it under a foreman, and each subdivisionunder a subordinate of the rank of sergeant or corporal or somethinglike that, and to have a different uniform for each squad, so that icould tell a pluperfect from a compound future without looking at thebook; the whole battery to be under his own special and particularcommand, with the rank of brigadier, and i to pay the freight.
i then inquired into the character and possibilities of the selectedverb, and was much disturbed to find that it was over my size, it beingchambered for fifty-seven rounds--fifty-seven ways of saying i lovewithout reloading; and yet none of them likely to convince a girl thatwas laying for a title, or a title that was laying for rocks.
it seemed to me that with my inexperience it would be foolish to go intoaction with this mitrailleuse, so i ordered it to the rear and told thefacchino to provide something a little more primitive to start with,something less elaborate, some gentle old-fashioned flint-lock,smooth-bore, double-barreled thing, calculated to cripple at two hundredyards and kill at forty--an arrangement suitable for a beginner whocould be satisfied with moderate results on the offstart and did notwish to take the whole territory in the first campaign.
but in vain.
he was not able to mend the matter, all the verbs beingof the same build, all gatlings, all of the same caliber and delivery,fifty-seven to the volley, and fatal at a mile and a half.
but he saidthe auxiliary verb avere, to have, was a tidy thing, and easy to handlein a seaway, and less likely to miss stays in going about than some ofthe others; so, upon his recommendation i chose that one, and told himto take it along and scrape its bottom and break out its spinnaker andget it ready for business.
i will explain that a facchino is a general-utility domestic.
mine was ahorse-doctor in his better days, and a very good one.
at the end of three days the facchino-doctor-brigadier was ready.
i wasalso ready, with a stenographer.
we were in a room called the rope-walk.
this is a formidably long room, as is indicated by its facetious name,and is a good place for reviews.
at 9:30 the f.-d.-b.
took his placenear me and gave the word of command; the drums began to rumble andthunder, the head of the forces appeared at an upper door, and the"march-past" was on.
down they filed, a blaze of variegated color, eachsquad gaudy in a uniform of its own and bearing a banner inscribed withits verbal rank and quality: first the present tense in mediterraneanblue and old gold, then the past definite in scarlet and black, then theimperfect in green and yellow, then the indicative future in the starsand stripes, then the old red sandstone subjunctive in purpleand silver--and so on and so on, fifty-seven privates and twentycommissioned and non-commissioned officers; certainly one of the mostfiery and dazzling and eloquent sights i have ever beheld.
i could notkeep back the tears.
commanded the brigadier.
"stand at ease!"
it was fine.
in one noble volume of sound of all the fifty-sevenhaves in the italian language burst forth in an exalting and splendidconfusion.
then came commands:"about--face!
helm alee--hard aport!
andthe drums let go again.
when the last termination had disappeared, the commander said theinstruction drill would now begin, and asked for suggestions.
i said:"they say i have, thou hast, he has, and so on, but they don't say what.
it will be better, and more definite, if they have something to have;just an object, you know, a something--anything will do; anythingthat will give the listener a sort of personal as well as grammaticalinterest in their joys and complaints, you see."
he said:"it is a good point.
would a dog do?"
i said i did not know, but we could try a dog and see.
so he sent out anaide-de-camp to give the order to add the dog.
the six privates of the present tense now filed in, in charge ofsergeant avere (to have), and displaying their banner.
they formed inline of battle, and recited, one at a time, thus:"io ho un cane, i have a dog."
"tu hai un cane, thou hast a dog."
"egli ha un cane, he has a dog."
"noi abbiamo un cane, we have a dog."
"voi avete un cane, you have a dog."
"eglino hanno un cane, they have a dog."
no comment followed.
they returned to camp, and i reflected a while.
thecommander said:"i fear you are disappointed."
"yes," i said; "they are too monotonous, too singsong, todead-and-alive; they have no expression, no elocution.
it isn't natural;it could never happen in real life.
a person who had just acquired a dogis either blame' glad or blame' sorry.
he is not on the fence.
i neversaw a case.
what the nation do you suppose is the matter with thesepeople?"
he thought maybe the trouble was with the dog.
he said:"these are contadini, you know, and they have a prejudice againstdogs--that is, against marimane.
marimana dogs stand guard over people'svines and olives, you know, and are very savage, and thereby a grief andan inconvenience to persons who want other people's things at night.
inmy judgment they have taken this dog for a marimana, and have soured onhim."
i saw that the dog was a mistake, and not functionable: we must trysomething else; something, if possible, that could evoke sentiment,interest, feeling.
"what is cat, in italian?"
"is it a gentleman cat, or a lady?"
"how are these people as regards that animal?"
"we-ll, they--they--""you hesitate: that is enough.
how are they about chickens?"
he tilted his eyes toward heaven in mute ecstasy.
"what is chicken, in italian?"
(podere is italian for master.
it is a title ofcourtesy, and conveys reverence and admiration.)
"pollo is one chickenby itself; when there are enough present to constitute a plural, it ispolli."
"very well, polli will do.
which squad is detailed for duty next?"
"the past definite."
"send out and order it to the front--with chickens.
and let themunderstand that we don't want any more of this cold indifference."
he gave the order to an aide, adding, with a haunting tenderness in histone and a watering mouth in his aspect:"convey to them the conception that these are unprotected chickens."
heturned to me, saluting with his hand to his temple, and explained, "itwill inflame their interest in the poultry, sire."
a few minutes elapsed.
then the squad marched in and formed up, theirfaces glowing with enthusiasm, and the file-leader shouted:"ebbi polli, i had chickens!"
"go on, the next."
"avest polli, thou hadst chickens!"
"ebbe polli, he had chickens!"
go on, the next!"
"avemmo polli, we had chickens!"
"basta-basta aspettatto avanti--last man--charge!"
"ebbero polli, they had chickens!"
then they formed in echelon, by columns of fours, refused the left, andretired in great style on the double-quick.
i was enchanted, and said:"now, doctor, that is something like!
chickens are the ticket, there isno doubt about it.
what is the next squad?"
"how does it go?"
"io avena, i had, tu avevi, thou hadst, egli avena, he had, noi av--""wait--we've just had the hads.
what are you giving me?"
"but this is another breed."
"what do we want of another breed?
isn't one breed enough?
had is had,and your tricking it out in a fresh way of spelling isn't going to makeit any hadder than it was before; now you know that yourself."
"but there is a distinction--they are not just the same hads."
"how do you make it out?"
"well, you use that first had when you are referring to something thathappened at a named and sharp and perfectly definite moment; you use theother when the thing happened at a vaguely defined time and in a moreprolonged and indefinitely continuous way."
"why, doctor, it is pure nonsense; you know it yourself.
look here: ifi have had a had, or have wanted to have had a had, or was in a positionright then and there to have had a had that hadn't had any chance to goout hadding on account of this foolish discrimination which lets one hadgo hadding in any kind of indefinite grammatical weather but restrictsthe other one to definite and datable meteoric convulsions, and keeps itpining around and watching the barometer all the time, and liable toget sick through confinement and lack of exercise, and all that sort ofthing, why--why, the inhumanity of it is enough, let alone thewanton superfluity and uselessness of any such a loafing consumptivehospital-bird of a had taking up room and cumbering the place fornothing.
these finical refinements revolt me; it is not right, it is nothonorable; it is constructive nepotism to keep in office a had that isso delicate it can't come out when the wind's in the nor'west--i won'thave this dude on the payroll.
cancel his exequator; and look here--""but you miss the point.
it is like this.
you see--""never mind explaining, i don't care anything about it.
six hads isenough for me; anybody that needs twelve, let him subscribe; i don'twant any stock in a had trust.
knock out the prolonged and indefinitelycontinuous; four-fifths of it is water, anyway."
"but i beg you, podere!
it is often quite indispensable in caseswhere--""pipe the next squad to the assault!"
but it was not to be; for at that moment the dull boom of the noongun floated up out of far-off florence, followed by the usual softenedjangle of church-bells, florentine and suburban, that bursts out inmurmurous response; by labor-union law the colazione (1) must stop; stoppromptly, stop instantly, stop definitely, like the chosen and best ofthe breed of hads.
1. colazione is italian for a collection, a meeting, a seance, asitting.--m.t.
a burlesque biographytwo or three persons having at different times intimated that if i wouldwrite an autobiography they would read it when they got leisure, i yieldat last to this frenzied public demand and herewith tender my history.
ours is a noble house, and stretches a long way back into antiquity.
the earliest ancestor the twains have any record of was a friend of thefamily by the name of higgins.
this was in the eleventh century, whenour people were living in aberdeen, county of cork, england.
why it isthat our long line has ever since borne the maternal name (except whenone of them now and then took a playful refuge in an alias to avertfoolishness), instead of higgins, is a mystery which none of us has everfelt much desire to stir.
it is a kind of vague, pretty romance, and weleave it alone.
all the old families do that way.
arthour twain was a man of considerable note--a solicitor on the highwayin william rufus's time.
at about the age of thirty he went to one ofthose fine old english places of resort called newgate, to see aboutsomething, and never returned again.
while there he died suddenly.
augustus twain seems to have made something of a stir about the year1160. he was as full of fun as he could be, and used to take his oldsaber and sharpen it up, and get in a convenient place on a dark night,and stick it through people as they went by, to see them jump.
he was aborn humorist.
but he got to going too far with it; and the first timehe was found stripping one of these parties, the authorities removed oneend of him, and put it up on a nice high place on temple bar, where itcould contemplate the people and have a good time.
he never liked anysituation so much or stuck to it so long.
then for the next two hundred years the family tree shows a successionof soldiers--noble, high-spirited fellows, who always went into battlesinging, right behind the army, and always went out a-whooping, rightahead of it.
this is a scathing rebuke to old dead froissart's poor witticism thatour family tree never had but one limb to it, and that that one stuckout at right angles, and bore fruit winter and summer.
early in the fifteenth century we have beau twain, called "the scholar."
he wrote a beautiful, beautiful hand.
and he could imitate anybody'shand so closely that it was enough to make a person laugh his head offto see it.
he had infinite sport with his talent.
but by and by he tooka contract to break stone for a road, and the roughness of the workspoiled his hand.
still, he enjoyed life all the time he was in thestone business, which, with inconsiderable intervals, was some forty-twoyears.
in fact, he died in harness.
during all those long years he gavesuch satisfaction that he never was through with one contract a weektill the government gave him another.
he was a perfect pet.
and he wasalways a favorite with his fellow-artists, and was a conspicuous memberof their benevolent secret society, called the chain gang.
he alwayswore his hair short, had a preference for striped clothes, and diedlamented by the government.
he was a sore loss to his country.
for hewas so regular.
some years later we have the illustrious john morgan twain.
he came overto this country with columbus in 1492 as a passenger.
he appears to havebeen of a crusty, uncomfortable disposition.
he complained of the foodall the way over, and was always threatening to go ashore unless therewas a change.
he wanted fresh shad.
hardly a day passed over his headthat he did not go idling about the ship with his nose in the air,sneering about the commander, and saying he did not believe columbusknew where he was going to or had ever been there before.
the memorablecry of "land ho!"
thrilled every heart in the ship but his.
he gazedawhile through a piece of smoked glass at the penciled line lying on thedistant water, and then said: "land be hanged--it's a raft!"
when this questionable passenger came on board the ship, he broughtnothing with him but an old newspaper containing a handkerchief marked"b. g.," one cotton sock marked "l. w. c.," one woolen one marked "d.f.," and a night-shirt marked "o. m. r." and yet during the voyage heworried more about his "trunk," and gave himself more airs about it,than all the rest of the passengers put together.
if the ship was "downby the head," and would not steer, he would go and move his "trunk"further aft, and then watch the effect.
if the ship was "by the stern,"he would suggest to columbus to detail some men to "shift that baggage."
in storms he had to be gagged, because his wailings about his "trunk"made it impossible for the men to hear the orders.
the man does notappear to have been openly charged with any gravely unbecoming thing,but it is noted in the ship's log as a "curious circumstance" thatalbeit he brought his baggage on board the ship in a newspaper, he tookit ashore in four trunks, a queensware crate, and a couple of champagnebaskets.
but when he came back insinuating, in an insolent, swaggeringway, that some of this things were missing, and was going to searchthe other passengers' baggage, it was too much, and they threw himoverboard.
they watched long and wonderingly for him to come up, but noteven a bubble rose on the quietly ebbing tide.
but while every one wasmost absorbed in gazing over the side, and the interest was momentarilyincreasing, it was observed with consternation that the vessel wasadrift and the anchor-cable hanging limp from the bow.
then in theship's dimmed and ancient log we find this quaint note:"in time it was discouvered yt ye troblesome passenger hadde gone downeand got ye anchor, and toke ye same and solde it to ye dam sauvages fromye interior, saying yt he hadde founde it, ye sonne of a ghun!"
yet this ancestor had good and noble instincts, and it is with pridethat we call to mind the fact that he was the first white person whoever interested himself in the work of elevating and civilizing ourindians.
he built a commodious jail and put up a gallows, and tohis dying day he claimed with satisfaction that he had had a morerestraining and elevating influence on the indians than any otherreformer that ever labored among them.
at this point the chroniclebecomes less frank and chatty, and closes abruptly by saying that theold voyager went to see his gallows perform on the first white man everhanged in america, and while there received injuries which terminated inhis death.
the great-grandson of the "reformer" flourished in sixteen hundred andsomething, and was known in our annals as "the old admiral," though inhistory he had other titles.
he was long in command of fleets of swiftvessels, well armed and manned, and did great service in hurrying upmerchantmen.
vessels which he followed and kept his eagle eye on, alwaysmade good fair time across the ocean.
but if a ship still loiteredin spite of all he could do, his indignation would grow till he couldcontain himself no longer--and then he would take that ship home wherehe lived and keep it there carefully, expecting the owners to come forit, but they never did.
and he would try to get the idleness and slothout of the sailors of that ship by compelling them to take invigoratingexercise and a bath.
he called it "walking a plank."
all the pupilsliked it.
at any rate, they never found any fault with it after tryingit.
when the owners were late coming for their ships, the admiral alwaysburned them, so that the insurance money should not be lost.
at lastthis fine old tar was cut down in the fullness of his years and honors.
and to her dying day, his poor heart-broken widow believed that ifhe had been cut down fifteen minutes sooner he might have beenresuscitated.
charles henry twain lived during the latter part of the seventeenthcentury, and was a zealous and distinguished missionary.
he convertedsixteen thousand south sea islanders, and taught them that a dog-toothnecklace and a pair of spectacles was not enough clothing to come todivine service in.
his poor flock loved him very, very dearly; andwhen his funeral was over, they got up in a body (and came out of therestaurant) with tears in their eyes, and saying, one to another, thathe was a good tender missionary, and they wished they had some more ofhim.
pah-go-to-wah-wah-pukketekeewis (mighty-hunter-with-a-hog-eye-twain)adorned the middle of the eighteenth century, and aided general braddockwith all his heart to resist the oppressor washington.
it was thisancestor who fired seventeen times at our washington from behind a tree.
so far the beautiful romantic narrative in the moral story-books iscorrect; but when that narrative goes on to say that at the seventeenthround the awe-stricken savage said solemnly that that man was beingreserved by the great spirit for some mighty mission, and he dared notlift his sacrilegious rifle against him again, the narrative seriouslyimpairs the integrity of history.
what he did say was:"it ain't no (hic) no use.
'at man's so drunk he can't stan' still longenough for a man to hit him.
i (hic) i can't 'ford to fool away any moream'nition on him."
that was why he stopped at the seventeenth round, and it was a good,plain, matter-of-fact reason, too, and one that easily commends itselfto us by the eloquent, persuasive flavor of probability there is aboutit.
i also enjoyed the story-book narrative, but i felt a marring misgivingthat every indian at braddock's defeat who fired at a soldier a coupleof times (two easily grows to seventeen in a century), and missedhim, jumped to the conclusion that the great spirit was reserving thatsoldier for some grand mission; and so i somehow feared that the onlyreason why washington's case is remembered and the others forgotten is,that in his the prophecy came true, and in that of the others itdidn't.
there are not books enough on earth to contain the record of theprophecies indians and other unauthorized parties have made; but one maycarry in his overcoat pockets the record of all the prophecies that havebeen fulfilled.
i will remark here, in passing, that certain ancestors of mine are sothoroughly well-known in history by their aliases, that i have not feltit to be worth while to dwell upon them, or even mention them in theorder of their birth.
among these may be mentioned richard brinsleytwain, alias guy fawkes; john wentworth twain, alias sixteen-stringjack; william hogarth twain, alias jack sheppard; ananias twain, aliasbaron munchausen; john george twain, alias captain kydd; and then thereare george francis twain, tom pepper, nebuchadnezzar, and baalam'sass--they all belong to our family, but to a branch of it somewhatdistinctly removed from the honorable direct line--in fact, a collateralbranch, whose members chiefly differ from the ancient stock in that, inorder to acquire the notoriety we have always yearned and hungered for,they have got into a low way of going to jail instead of getting hanged.
it is not well, when writing an autobiography, to follow your ancestrydown too close to your own time--it is safest to speak only vaguely ofyour great-grandfather, and then skip from there to yourself, which inow do.
i was born without teeth--and there richard iii.
had the advantage ofme; but i was born without a humpback, likewise, and there i had theadvantage of him.
my parents were neither very poor nor conspicuouslyhonest.
but now a thought occurs to me.
my own history would really seem so tamecontrasted with that of my ancestors, that it is simply wisdom to leaveit unwritten until i am hanged.
if some other biographies i have readhad stopped with the ancestry until a like event occurred, it would havebeen a felicitous thing for the reading public.
how does it strike you?
how to tell a storythe humorous story an american development.--its difference from comicand witty storiesi do not claim that i can tell a story as it ought to be told.
i onlyclaim to know how a story ought to be told, for i have been almost dailyin the company of the most expert story-tellers for many years.
there are several kinds of stories, but only one difficult kind--thehumorous.
i will talk mainly about that one.
the humorous story isamerican, the comic story is english, the witty story is french.
thehumorous story depends for its effect upon the manner of the telling;the comic story and the witty story upon the matter.
the humorous story may be spun out to great length, and may wanderaround as much as it pleases, and arrive nowhere in particular; but thecomic and witty stories must be brief and end with a point.
the humorousstory bubbles gently along, the others burst.
the humorous story is strictly a work of art--high and delicate art--andonly an artist can tell it; but no art is necessary in telling the comicand the witty story; anybody can do it.
the art of telling a humorousstory--understand, i mean by word of mouth, not print--was created inamerica, and has remained at home.
the humorous story is told gravely; the teller does his best to concealthe fact that he even dimly suspects that there is anything funny aboutit; but the teller of the comic story tells you beforehand that it isone of the funniest things he has ever heard, then tells it with eagerdelight, and is the first person to laugh when he gets through.
andsometimes, if he has had good success, he is so glad and happy thathe will repeat the "nub" of it and glance around from face to face,collecting applause, and then repeat it again.
it is a pathetic thing tosee.
very often, of course, the rambling and disjointed humorous storyfinishes with a nub, point, snapper, or whatever you like to call it.
then the listener must be alert, for in many cases the teller willdivert attention from that nub by dropping it in a carefully casual andindifferent way, with the pretense that he does not know it is a nub.
artemus ward used that trick a good deal; then when the belated audiencepresently caught the joke he would look up with innocent surprise, as ifwondering what they had found to laugh at.
dan setchell used it beforehim, nye and riley and others use it today.
but the teller of the comic story does not slur the nub; he shouts it atyou--every time.
and when he prints it, in england, france, germany, anditaly, he italicizes it, puts some whopping exclamation-points afterit, and sometimes explains it in a parenthesis.
all of which is verydepressing, and makes one want to renounce joking and lead a betterlife.
let me set down an instance of the comic method, using an anecdote whichhas been popular all over the world for twelve or fifteen hundred years.
the teller tells it in this way:the wounded soldierin the course of a certain battle a soldier whose leg had been shotoff appealed to another soldier who was hurrying by to carry him to therear, informing him at the same time of the loss which he had sustained;whereupon the generous son of mars, shouldering the unfortunate,proceeded to carry out his desire.
the bullets and cannon-balls wereflying in all directions, and presently one of the latter took thewounded man's head off--without, however, his deliverer being aware ofit.
in no long time he was hailed by an officer, who said:"where are you going with that carcass?"
"to the rear, sir--he's lost his leg!"
"his leg, forsooth?"
responded the astonished officer; "you mean hishead, you booby."
whereupon the soldier dispossessed himself of his burden, and stoodlooking down upon it in great perplexity.
at length he said:"it is true, sir, just as you have said."
then after a pause he added,"but he told me it was his leg!!!!!"
here the narrator bursts into explosion after explosion of thunderoushorse-laughter, repeating that nub from time to time through his gaspingand shriekings and suffocatings.
it takes only a minute and a half to tell that in its comic-story form;and isn't worth the telling, after all.
put into the humorous-storyform it takes ten minutes, and is about the funniest thing i have everlistened to--as james whitcomb riley tells it.
he tells it in the character of a dull-witted old farmer who has justheard it for the first time, thinks it is unspeakably funny, and istrying to repeat it to a neighbor.
but he can't remember it; so he getsall mixed up and wanders helplessly round and round, putting in tediousdetails that don't belong in the tale and only retard it; taking themout conscientiously and putting in others that are just as useless;making minor mistakes now and then and stopping to correct them andexplain how he came to make them; remembering things which he forgotto put in in their proper place and going back to put them in there;stopping his narrative a good while in order to try to recall the nameof the soldier that was hurt, and finally remembering that the soldier'sname was not mentioned, and remarking placidly that the name is of noreal importance, anyway--better, of course, if one knew it, but notessential, after all--and so on, and so on, and so on.
the teller is innocent and happy and pleased with himself, and hasto stop every little while to hold himself in and keep from laughingoutright; and does hold in, but his body quakes in a jelly-like way withinterior chuckles; and at the end of the ten minutes the audience havelaughed until they are exhausted, and the tears are running down theirfaces.
the simplicity and innocence and sincerity and unconsciousness of theold farmer are perfectly simulated, and the result is a performancewhich is thoroughly charming and delicious.
this is art--and fine andbeautiful, and only a master can compass it; but a machine could tellthe other story.
to string incongruities and absurdities together in a wandering andsometimes purposeless way, and seem innocently unaware that theyare absurdities, is the basis of the american art, if my position iscorrect.
another feature is the slurring of the point.
a third is thedropping of a studied remark apparently without knowing it, as if onewhere thinking aloud.
the fourth and last is the pause.
artemus ward dealt in numbers three and four a good deal.
he would beginto tell with great animation something which he seemed to think waswonderful; then lose confidence, and after an apparently absent-mindedpause add an incongruous remark in a soliloquizing way; and that was theremark intended to explode the mine--and it did.
for instance, he would say eagerly, excitedly, "i once knew a man in newzealand who hadn't a tooth in his head"--here his animation woulddie out; a silent, reflective pause would follow, then he would saydreamily, and as if to himself, "and yet that man could beat a drumbetter than any man i ever saw."
the pause is an exceedingly important feature in any kind of story, anda frequently recurring feature, too.
it is a dainty thing, and delicate,and also uncertain and treacherous; for it must be exactly the rightlength--no more and no less--or it fails of its purpose and makestrouble.
if the pause is too short the impressive point is passed, andthe audience have had time to divine that a surprise is intended--andthen you can't surprise them, of course.
on the platform i used to tell a negro ghost story that had a pause infront of the snapper on the end, and that pause was the most importantthing in the whole story.
if i got it the right length precisely, icould spring the finishing ejaculation with effect enough to make someimpressible girl deliver a startled little yelp and jump out of herseat--and that was what i was after.
this story was called "thegolden arm," and was told in this fashion.
you can practice with ityourself--and mind you look out for the pause and get it right.
the golden armonce 'pon a time dey wuz a momsus mean man, en he live 'way out in deprairie all 'lone by hisself, 'cep'n he had a wife.
en bimeby she died,en he tuck en toted her way out dah in de prairie en buried her.
well,she had a golden arm--all solid gold, fum de shoulder down.
he wuzpow'ful mean--pow'ful; en dat night he couldn't sleep, caze he want datgolden arm so bad.
when it come midnight he couldn't stan' it no mo'; so he git up, he did,en tuck his lantern en shoved out thoo de storm en dug her up en got degolden arm; en he bent his head down 'gin de 'win, en plowed en ploweden plowed thoo de snow.
den all on a sudden he stop (make a considerablepause here, and look startled, and take a listening attitude) en say:"my lan', what's dat?"
en he listen--en listen--en de win' say (set your teeth together andimitate the wailing and wheezing singsong of the wind), "bzzz-z-zzz"--enden, way back yonder whah de grave is, he hear a voice!--he hear avoice all mix' up in de win'--can't hardly tell 'em 'part--"bzzz--zzz--w-h-o--g-o-t--m-y--g-o-l-d-e-n arm?"
(you must beginto shiver violently now.)
en he begin to shiver en shake, en say, "oh, my!
oh, my lan'!"
en dewin' blow de lantern out, en de snow en sleet blow in his face en mos'choke him, en he start a-plowin' knee-deep toward home mos' dead, he sosk'yerd--en pooty soon he hear de voice agin, en (pause) it 'us cominafter him!
when he git to de pasture he hear it agin--closter now, ena-comin'!--a-comin' back dah in de dark en de storm--(repeat the windand the voice).
when he git to de house he rush upstairs en jump in debed en kiver up, head and years, en lay da shiverin' en shakin'--enden way out dah he hear it agin!--en a-comin'!
en bimeby he hear(pause--awed, listening attitude)--pat--pat--pat hit's a-comin'upstairs!
den he hear de latch, en he know it's in de room!
den pooty soon he know it's a-stannin' by de bed!
den--heknow it's a-bendin' down over him--en he cain't skasely git his breath!
den--den--he seem to feel someth'n' c-o-l-d, right down 'most agin hishead!
den de voice say, right at his year--"w-h-o--g-o-t--m-y g-o-l-d-e-narm?"
(you must wail it out very plaintively and accusingly; then youstare steadily and impressively into the face of the farthest-goneauditor--a girl, preferably--and let that awe-inspiring pause begin tobuild itself in the deep hush.
when it has reached exactly the rightlength, jump suddenly at that girl and yell, "you've got it!")
if you've got the pause right, she'll fetch a dear little yelp andspring right out of her shoes.
but you must get the pause right; and youwill find it the most troublesome and aggravating and uncertain thingyou ever undertook.
general washington's negro body-servanta biographical sketchthe stirring part of this celebrated colored man's life properly beganwith his death--that is to say, the notable features of his biographybegan with the first time he died.
he had been little heard of up tothat time, but since then we have never ceased to hear of him; we havenever ceased to hear of him at stated, unfailing intervals.
his was amost remarkable career, and i have thought that its history would makea valuable addition to our biographical literature.
therefore, ihave carefully collated the materials for such a work, from authenticsources, and here present them to the public.
i have rigidly excludedfrom these pages everything of a doubtful character, with the object inview of introducing my work into the schools for the instruction of theyouth of my country.
the name of the famous body-servant of general washington was george.
after serving his illustrious master faithfully for half a century, andenjoying throughout his long term his high regard and confidence, itbecame his sorrowful duty at last to lay that beloved master to rest inhis peaceful grave by the potomac.
ten years afterward--in 1809--fullof years and honors, he died himself, mourned by all who knew him.
theboston gazette of that date thus refers to the event:george, the favorite body-servant of the lamented washington, died inrichmond, va., last tuesday, at the ripe age of 95 years.
his intellectwas unimpaired, and his memory tenacious, up to within a few minutes ofhis decease.
he was present at the second installation of washington aspresident, and also at his funeral, and distinctly remembered all theprominent incidents connected with those noted events.
from this period we hear no more of the favorite body-servant of generalwashington until may, 1825, at which time he died again.
a philadelphiapaper thus speaks of the sad occurrence:at macon, ga., last week, a colored man named george, who was thefavorite body-servant of general washington, died at the advanced ageof 95 years.
up to within a few hours of his dissolution he was in fullpossession of all his faculties, and could distinctly recollect thesecond installation of washington, his death and burial, the surrenderof cornwallis, the battle of trenton, the griefs and hardships of valleyforge, etc.
deceased was followed to the grave by the entire populationof macon.
on the fourth of july, 1830, and also of 1834 and 1836, the subject ofthis sketch was exhibited in great state upon the rostrum of theorator of the day, and in november of 1840 he died again.
the st. louisrepublican of the 25th of that month spoke as follows:"another relic of the revolution gone."
"george, once the favorite body-servant of general washington, diedyesterday at the house of mr. john leavenworth in this city, atthe venerable age of 95 years.
he was in the full possession of hisfaculties up to the hour of his death, and distinctly recollected thefirst and second installations and death of president washington,the surrender of cornwallis, the battles of trenton and monmouth, thesufferings of the patriot army at valley forge, the proclamation of thedeclaration of independence, the speech of patrick henry in the virginiahouse of delegates, and many other old-time reminiscences of stirringinterest.
few white men die lamented as was this aged negro.
the funeralwas very largely attended."
during the next ten or eleven years the subject of this sketch appearedat intervals at fourth-of-july celebrations in various parts of thecountry, and was exhibited upon the rostrum with flattering success.
butin the fall of 1855 he died again.
the california papers thus speak ofthe event:another old hero gonedied, at dutch flat, on the 7th of march, george (once the confidentialbody-servant of general washington), at the great age of 95 years.
hismemory, which did not fail him till the last, was a wonderful storehouseof interesting reminiscences.
he could distinctly recollect thefirst and second installations and death of president washington, thesurrender of cornwallis, the battles of trenton and monmouth, andbunker hill, the proclamation of the declaration of independence, andbraddock's defeat.
george was greatly respected in dutch flat, and it isestimated that there were 10,000 people present at his funeral.
the last time the subject of this sketch died was in june, 1864;and until we learn the contrary, it is just to presume that he diedpermanently this time.
the michigan papers thus refer to the sorrowfulevent:another cherished remnant of the revolution gonegeorge, a colored man, and once the favorite body-servant of georgewashington, died in detroit last week, at the patriarchal age of 95years.
to the moment of his death his intellect was unclouded, and hecould distinctly remember the first and second installations and deathof washington, the surrender of cornwallis, the battles of trentonand monmouth, and bunker hill, the proclamation of the declaration ofindependence, braddock's defeat, the throwing over of the tea in bostonharbor, and the landing of the pilgrims.
he died greatly respected, andwas followed to the grave by a vast concourse of people.
the faithful old servant is gone!
we shall never see him more untilhe turns up again.
he has closed his long and splendid career ofdissolution, for the present, and sleeps peacefully, as only they sleepwho have earned their rest.
he was in all respects a remarkable man.
heheld his age better than any celebrity that has figured in history; andthe longer he lived the stronger and longer his memory grew.
if he livesto die again, he will distinctly recollect the discovery of america.
the above resume of his biography i believe to be substantially correct,although it is possible that he may have died once or twice in obscureplaces where the event failed of newspaper notoriety.
one fault i findin all the notices of his death i have quoted, and this ought to becorrect.
in them he uniformly and impartially died at the age of 95.this could not have been.
he might have done that once, or maybe twice,but he could not have continued it indefinitely.
allowing that when hefirst died, he died at the age of 95, he was 151 years old when he diedlast, in 1864. but his age did not keep pace with his recollections.
when he died the last time, he distinctly remembered the landing of thepilgrims, which took place in 1620. he must have been about twenty yearsold when he witnessed that event, wherefore it is safe to assert thatthe body-servant of general washington was in the neighborhood oftwo hundred and sixty or seventy years old when he departed this lifefinally.
having waited a proper length of time, to see if the subject of hissketch had gone from us reliably and irrevocably, i now publish hisbiography with confidence, and respectfully offer it to a mourningnation.
p.s.--i see by the papers that this infamous old fraud has just diedagain, in arkansas.
this makes six times that he is known to have died,and always in a new place.
the death of washington's body-servant hasceased to be a novelty; it's charm is gone; the people are tired ofit; let it cease.
this well-meaning but misguided negro has not put sixdifferent communities to the expense of burying him in state, and hasswindled tens of thousands of people into following him to the graveunder the delusion that a select and peculiar distinction was beingconferred upon them.
let him stay buried for good now; and let thatnewspaper suffer the severest censure that shall ever, in all the futuretime, publish to the world that general washington's favorite coloredbody-servant has died again.
wit inspirations of the "two-year-olds"all infants appear to have an impertinent and disagreeable fashionnowadays of saying "smart" things on most occasions that offer, andespecially on occasions when they ought not to be saying anything atall.
judging by the average published specimens of smart sayings, therising generation of children are little better than idiots.
and theparents must surely be but little better than the children, for in mostcases they are the publishers of the sunbursts of infantile imbecilitywhich dazzle us from the pages of our periodicals.
i may seem to speakwith some heat, not to say a suspicion of personal spite; and i do admitthat it nettles me to hear about so many gifted infants in these days,and remember that i seldom said anything smart when i was a child.
itried it once or twice, but it was not popular.
the family were notexpecting brilliant remarks from me, and so they snubbed me sometimesand spanked me the rest.
but it makes my flesh creep and my blood runcold to think what might have happened to me if i had dared to uttersome of the smart things of this generation's "four-year-olds" where myfather could hear me.
to have simply skinned me alive and considered hisduty at an end would have seemed to him criminal leniency toward oneso sinning.
he was a stern, unsmiling man, and hated all forms ofprecocity.
if i had said some of the things i have referred to, and saidthem in his hearing, he would have destroyed me.
he would, indeed.
hewould, provided the opportunity remained with him.
but it would not, fori would have had judgment enough to take some strychnine first and saymy smart thing afterward.
the fair record of my life has been tarnishedby just one pun.
my father overheard that, and he hunted me over fouror five townships seeking to take my life.
if i had been full-grown, ofcourse he would have been right; but, child as i was, i could not knowhow wicked a thing i had done.
i made one of those remarks ordinarily called "smart things" beforethat, but it was not a pun.
still, it came near causing a seriousrupture between my father and myself.
my father and mother, my uncleephraim and his wife, and one or two others were present, and theconversation turned on a name for me.
i was lying there trying someindia-rubber rings of various patterns, and endeavoring to make aselection, for i was tired of trying to cut my teeth on people'sfingers, and wanted to get hold of something that would enable me tohurry the thing through and get something else.
did you ever noticewhat a nuisance it was cutting your teeth on your nurse's finger, or howback-breaking and tiresome it was trying to cut them on your big toe?
and did you never get out of patience and wish your teeth were in jericolong before you got them half cut?
to me it seems as if these thingshappened yesterday.
and they did, to some children.
but i digress.
iwas lying there trying the india-rubber rings.
i remember looking at theclock and noticing that in an hour and twenty-five minutes i would betwo weeks old, and thinking how little i had done to merit the blessingsthat were so unsparingly lavished upon me.
my father said:"abraham is a good name.
my grandfather was named abraham."
my mother said:"abraham is a good name.
let us have abraham for one of hisnames."
i said:"abraham suits the subscriber."
my father frowned, my mother looked pleased; my aunt said:"what a little darling it is!"
my father said:"isaac is a good name, and jacob is a good name."
my mother assented, and said:"no names are better.
let us add isaac and jacob to his names."
i said:"all right.
isaac and jacob are good enough for yours truly.
pass methat rattle, if you please.
i can't chew india-rubber rings all day."
not a soul made a memorandum of these sayings of mine, for publication.
i saw that, and did it myself, else they would have been utterly lost.
so far from meeting with a generous encouragement like other childrenwhen developing intellectually, i was now furiously scowled upon by myfather; my mother looked grieved and anxious, and even my aunt had abouther an expression of seeming to think that maybe i had gone too far.
itook a vicious bite out of an india-rubber ring, and covertly broke therattle over the kitten's head, but said nothing.
presently my fathersaid:"samuel is a very excellent name."
i saw that trouble was coming.
nothing could prevent it.
i laid down myrattle; over the side of the cradle i dropped my uncle's silver watch,the clothes-brush, the toy dog, my tin soldier, the nutmeg-grater, andother matters which i was accustomed to examine, and meditate upon andmake pleasant noises with, and bang and batter and break when i neededwholesome entertainment.
then i put on my little frock and my littlebonnet, and took my pygmy shoes in one hand and my licorice in theother, and climbed out on the floor.
i said to myself, now, if the worsecomes to worst, i am ready.
then i said aloud, in a firm voice:"father, i cannot, cannot wear the name of samuel."
"father, i mean it.
"father, i have an invincible antipathy to that name."
"my son, this is unreasonable.
many great and good men have been namedsamuel."
"sir, i have yet to hear of the first instance."
there was samuel the prophet.
was not he great and good?"
"not so very."
with his own voice the lord called him."
"yes, sir, and had to call him a couple times before he could come!"
and then i sallied forth, and that stern old man sallied forth afterme.
he overtook me at noon the following day, and when the interviewwas over i had acquired the name of samuel, and a thrashing, and otheruseful information; and by means of this compromise my father's wrathwas appeased and a misunderstanding bridged over which might have becomea permanent rupture if i had chosen to be unreasonable.
but just judgingby this episode, what would my father have done to me if i hadever uttered in his hearing one of the flat, sickly things these"two-years-olds" say in print nowadays?
in my opinion there would havebeen a case of infanticide in our family.
lord macaulay died too soon.
we never felt this so deeply as when wefinished the last chapter of the above-named extravagant work.
macaulaydied too soon--for none but he could mete out complete and comprehensivejustice to the insolence, the impertinence, the presumption, themendacity, and, above all, the majestic ignorance of this author.
to say that the innocents abroad is a curious book, would be to usethe faintest language--would be to speak of the matterhorn as a neatelevation or of niagara as being "nice" or "pretty."
"curious" is tootame a word wherewith to describe the imposing insanity of this work.
there is no word that is large enough or long enough.
let us, therefore,photograph a passing glimpse of book and author, and trust the rest tothe reader.
let the cultivated english student of human naturepicture to himself this mark twain as a person capable of doing thefollowing-described things--and not only doing them, but with incredibleinnocence printing them calmly and tranquilly in a book.
for instance:he states that he entered a hair-dresser's in paris to get shaved, andthe first "rake" the barber gave him with his razor it loosened his"hide" and lifted him out of the chair.
this is unquestionably exaggerated.
in florence he was so annoyed bybeggars that he pretends to have seized and eaten one in a franticspirit of revenge.
there is, of course, no truth in this.
he gives atfull length a theatrical program seventeen or eighteen hundred yearsold, which he professes to have found in the ruins of the coliseum,among the dirt and mold and rubbish.
it is a sufficient comment uponthis statement to remark that even a cast-iron program would not havelasted so long under such circumstances.
in greece he plainly betraysboth fright and flight upon one occasion, but with frozen effronteryputs the latter in this falsely tamed form: "we sidled toward thepiraeus."
he does not hesitate to intimate that atephesus, when his mule strayed from the proper course, he got down, tookhim under his arm, carried him to the road again, pointed him right,remounted, and went to sleep contentedly till it was time to restore thebeast to the path once more.
he states that a growing youth among hisship's passengers was in the constant habit of appeasing his hunger withsoap and oakum between meals.
in palestine he tells of ants thatcame eleven miles to spend the summer in the desert and brought theirprovisions with them; yet he shows by his description of the countrythat the feat was an impossibility.
he mentions, as if it were the mostcommonplace of matters, that he cut a moslem in two in broad daylightin jerusalem, with godfrey de bouillon's sword, and would have shedmore blood if he had had a graveyard of his own.
these statements areunworthy a moment's attention.
mr. twain or any other foreigner who didsuch a thing in jerusalem would be mobbed, and would infallibly lose hislife.
but why go on?
why repeat more of his audacious and exasperatingfalsehoods?
let us close fittingly with this one: he affirms that "inthe mosque of st. sophia at constantinople i got my feet so stuck upwith a complication of gums, slime, and general impurity, that i woreout more than two thousand pair of bootjacks getting my boots off thatnight, and even then some christian hide peeled off with them."
such statements are simply lies--there is no other namefor them.
will the reader longer marvel at the brutal ignorance thatpervades the american nation when we tell him that we are informedupon perfectly good authority that this extravagant compilation offalsehoods, this exhaustless mine of stupendous lies, this innocentsabroad, has actually been adopted by the schools and colleges of severalof the states as a text-book!
but if his falsehoods are distressing, his innocence and his ignoranceare enough to make one burn the book and despise the author.
in oneplace he was so appalled at the sudden spectacle of a murdered man,unveiled by the moonlight, that he jumped out of the window, goingthrough sash and all, and then remarks with the most childlikesimplicity that he "was not scared, but was considerably agitated."
it puts us out of patience to note that the simpleton is denselyunconscious that lucrezia borgia ever existed off the stage.
he isvulgarly ignorant of all foreign languages, but is frank enough tocriticize, the italians' use of their own tongue.
he says they spell thename of their great painter "vinci, but pronounce it vinchy"--and thenadds with a naivete possible only to helpless ignorance, "foreignersalways spell better than they pronounce."
in another place he commitsthe bald absurdity of putting the phrase "tare an ouns" into anitalian's mouth.
in rome he unhesitatingly believes the legend that st.philip neri's heart was so inflamed with divine love that it bursthis ribs--believes it wholly because an author with a learned list ofuniversity degrees strung after his name endorses it--"otherwise," saysthis gentle idiot, "i should have felt a curiosity to know what philiphad for dinner."
our author makes a long, fatiguing journey to thegrotto del cane on purpose to test its poisoning powers on a dog--gotelaborately ready for the experiment, and then discovered that he had nodog.
a wiser person would have kept such a thing discreetly to himself,but with this harmless creature everything comes out.
he hurts his footin a rut two thousand years old in exhumed pompeii, and presently, whenstaring at one of the cinder-like corpses unearthed in the next square,conceives the idea that maybe it is the remains of the ancient streetcommissioner, and straightway his horror softens down to a sort ofchirpy contentment with the condition of things.
in damascus he visitsthe well of ananias, three thousand years old, and is as surprised anddelighted as a child to find that the water is "as pure and fresh as ifthe well had been dug yesterday."
in the holy land he gags desperatelyat the hard arabic and hebrew biblical names, and finally concludes tocall them baldwinsville, williamsburgh, and so on, "for convenience ofspelling."
we have thus spoken freely of this man's stupefying simplicity andinnocence, but we cannot deal similarly with his colossal ignorance.
wedo not know where to begin.
and if we knew where to begin, we certainlywould not know where to leave off.
we will give one specimen, and oneonly.
he did not know, until he got to rome, that michael angelowas dead!
and then, instead of crawling away and hiding his shamefulignorance somewhere, he proceeds to express a pious, grateful sort ofsatisfaction that he is gone and out of his troubles!
no, the reader may seek out the author's exhibition of his uncultivationfor himself.
the book is absolutely dangerous, considering the magnitudeand variety of its misstatements, and the convincing confidence withwhich they are made.
and yet it is a text-book in the schools ofamerica.
the poor blunderer mouses among the sublime creations of the oldmasters, trying to acquire the elegant proficiency in art-knowledge,which he has a groping sort of comprehension is a proper thing for atraveled man to be able to display.
but what is the manner of his study?
and what is the progress he achieves?
to what extent does hefamiliarize himself with the great pictures of italy, and what degree ofappreciation does he arrive at?
read:"when we see a monk going about with a lion and looking up into heaven,we know that that is st. mark.
when we see a monk with a book and a pen,looking tranquilly up to heaven, trying to think of a word, we knowthat that is st. matthew.
when we see a monk sitting on a rock, lookingtranquilly up to heaven, with a human skull beside him, and withoutother baggage, we know that that is st. jerome.
because we know thathe always went flying light in the matter of baggage.
when we see othermonks looking tranquilly up to heaven, but having no trade-mark, wealways ask who those parties are.
we do this because we humbly wish tolearn."
he then enumerates the thousands and thousand of copies of these severalpictures which he has seen, and adds with accustomed simplicity that hefeels encouraged to believe that when he has seen "some more" of each,and had a larger experience, he will eventually "begin to take anabsorbing interest in them"--the vulgar boor.
that we have shown this to be a remarkable book, we think no one willdeny.
that is a pernicious book to place in the hands of the confidingand uniformed, we think we have also shown.
that the book is adeliberate and wicked creation of a diseased mind, is apparent uponevery page.
having placed our judgment thus upon record, let us closewith what charity we can, by remarking that even in this volume there issome good to be found; for whenever the author talks of his own countryand lets europe alone, he never fails to make himself interesting, andnot only interesting but instructive.
no one can read without benefithis occasional chapters and paragraphs, about life in the gold andsilver mines of california and nevada; about the indians of the plainsand deserts of the west, and their cannibalism; about the raising ofvegetables in kegs of gunpowder by the aid of two or three teaspoons ofguano; about the moving of small arms from place to place at night inwheelbarrows to avoid taxes; and about a sort of cows and mules inthe humboldt mines, that climb down chimneys and disturb the people atnight.
these matters are not only new, but are well worth knowing.
it isa pity the author did not put in more of the same kind.
his book is wellwritten and is exceedingly entertaining, and so it just barely escapedbeing quite valuable also.
(one month later)latterly i have received several letters, and see a number of newspaperparagraphs, all upon a certain subject, and all of about the same tenor.
i here give honest specimens.
one is from a new york paper, one is froma letter from an old friend, and one is from a letter from a new yorkpublisher who is a stranger to me.
i humbly endeavor to make these bitstoothsome with the remark that the article they are praising (whichappeared in the december galaxy, and pretended to be a criticism fromthe london saturday review on my innocents abroad) was written bymyself, every line of it:the herald says the richest thing out is the "serious critique" in thelondon saturday review, on mark twain's innocents abroad.
we thoughtbefore we read it that it must be "serious," as everybody said so, andwere even ready to shed a few tears; but since perusing it, we are boundto confess that next to mark twain's "jumping frog" it's the finest bitof humor and sarcasm that we've come across in many a day.
(i do not get a compliment like that every day.)
i used to think that your writings were pretty good, but after readingthe criticism in the galaxy from the london review, have discovered whatan ass i must have been.
if suggestions are in order, mine is, thatyou put that article in your next edition of the innocents, as an extrachapter, if you are not afraid to put your own humor in competition withit.
it is as rich a thing as i ever read.
(which is strong commendation from a book publisher.)
the london reviewer, my friend, is not the stupid, "serious" creature hepretends to be, _i_ think; but, on the contrary, has a keep appreciationand enjoyment of your book.
as i read his article in the galaxy, i couldimagine him giving vent to many a hearty laugh.
but he is writing forcatholics and established church people, and high-toned, antiquated,conservative gentility, whom it is a delight to him to help you shock,while he pretends to shake his head with owlish density.
he is amagnificent humorist himself.
(now that is graceful and handsome.
i take off my hat to my life-longfriend and comrade, and with my feet together and my fingers spread overmy heart, i say, in the language of alabama, "you do me proud.")
i stand guilty of the authorship of the article, but i did not mean anyharm.
i saw by an item in the boston advertiser that a solemn, seriouscritique on the english edition of my book had appeared in the londonsaturday review, and the idea of such a literary breakfast by a stolid,ponderous british ogre of the quill was too much for a naturally weakvirtue, and i went home and burlesqued it--reveled in it, i may say.
inever saw a copy of the real saturday review criticism until after myburlesque was written and mailed to the printer.
but when i did get holdof a copy, i found it to be vulgar, awkwardly written, ill-natured, andentirely serious and in earnest.
the gentleman who wrote the newspaperparagraph above quoted had not been misled as to its character.
if any man doubts my word now, i will kill him.
no, i will not kill him;i will win his money.
i will bet him twenty to one, and let any new yorkpublisher hold the stakes, that the statements i have above made as tothe authorship of the article in question are entirely true.
perhapsi may get wealthy at this, for i am willing to take all the bets thatoffer; and if a man wants larger odds, i will give him all he requires.
but he ought to find out whether i am betting on what is termed "a surething" or not before he ventures his money, and he can do that by goingto a public library and examining the london saturday review of october8th, which contains the real critique.
bless me, some people thought that _i_ was the "sold" person!
p.s.--i cannot resist the temptation to toss in this most savory thingof all--this easy, graceful, philosophical disquisition, with his happy,chirping confidence.
it is from the cincinnati enquirer:nothing is more uncertain than the value of a fine cigar.
nine smokersout of ten would prefer an ordinary domestic article, three for aquarter, to fifty-cent partaga, if kept in ignorance of the cost of thelatter.
the flavor of the partaga is too delicate for palates that havebeen accustomed to connecticut seed leaf.
so it is with humor.
the finerit is in quality, the more danger of its not being recognized at all.
even mark twain has been taken in by an english review of hisinnocents abroad.
mark twain is by no means a coarse humorist, but theenglishman's humor is so much finer than his, that he mistakes it forsolid earnest, and "lafts most consumedly."
a man who cannot learn stands in his own light.
hereafter, when i writean article which i know to be good, but which i may have reason to fearwill not, in some quarters, be considered to amount to much, comingfrom an american, i will aver that an englishman wrote it and that itis copied from a london journal.
and then i will occupy a back seat andenjoy the cordial applause.
(still later)mark twain at last sees that the saturday review's criticism of hisinnocents abroad was not serious, and he is intensely mortified at thethought of having been so badly sold.
he takes the only course left him,and in the last galaxy claims that he wrote the criticism himself, andpublished it in the galaxy to sell the public.
this is ingenious,but unfortunately it is not true.
if any of our readers will take thetrouble to call at this office we sill show them the original article inthe saturday review of october 8th, which, on comparison, will be foundto be identical with the one published in the galaxy.
the best thing formark to do will be to admit that he was sold, and say no more about it.
the above is from the cincinnati enquirer, and is a falsehood.
come tothe proof.
if the enquirer people, through any agent, will produce atthe galaxy office a london saturday review of october 8th, containing anarticle which, on comparison, will be found to be identical with the onepublished in the galaxy, i will pay to that agent five hundred dollarscash.
moreover, if at any specified time i fail to produce at the sameplace a copy of the london saturday review of october 8th, containinga lengthy criticism upon the innocents abroad, entirely different, inevery paragraph and sentence, from the one i published in the galaxy,i will pay to the enquirer agent another five hundred dollars cash.
i offer sheldon & co., publishers, 500 broadway, new york, as my"backers."
any one in new york, authorized by the enquirer, will receiveprompt attention.
it is an easy and profitable way for the enquirerpeople to prove that they have not uttered a pitiful, deliberatefalsehood in the above paragraphs.
will they swallow that falsehoodignominiously, or will they send an agent to the galaxy office.
i thinkthe cincinnati enquirer must be edited by children.
a letter to the secretary of the treasuryriverdale-on-the-hudson, october 15, 1902.the hon.
the secretary of the treasury, washington, d. c.:sir,--prices for the customary kinds of winter fuel having reachedan altitude which puts them out of the reach of literary persons instraitened circumstances, i desire to place with you the followingorder:forty-five tons best old dry government bonds, suitable for furnace,gold 7 per cents., 1864, preferred.
twelve tons early greenbacks, range size, suitable for cooking.
eight barrels seasoned 25 and 50 cent postal currency, vintage of 1866,eligible for kindlings.
please deliver with all convenient despatch at my house in riverdale atlowest rates for spot cash, and send bill toyour obliged servant,mark twain, who will be very grateful, and will vote right.
amended obituariesto the editor:sir,--i am approaching seventy; it is in sight; it is only three yearsaway.
necessarily, i must go soon.
it is but matter-of-course wisdom,then, that i should begin to set my worldly house in order now, so thatit may be done calmly and with thoroughness, in place of waiting untilthe last day, when, as we have often seen, the attempt to set bothhouses in order at the same time has been marred by the necessity forhaste and by the confusion and waste of time arising from the inabilityof the notary and the ecclesiastic to work together harmoniously, takingturn about and giving each other friendly assistance--not perhaps infielding, which could hardly be expected, but at least in the minoroffices of keeping game and umpiring; by consequence of which conflictof interests and absence of harmonious action a draw has frequentlyresulted where this ill-fortune could not have happened if the houseshad been set in order one at a time and hurry avoided by beginning inseason, and giving to each the amount of time fairly and justly properto it.
in setting my earthly house in order i find it of moment that i shouldattend in person to one or two matters which men in my position havelong had the habit of leaving wholly to others, with consequences oftenmost regrettable.
i wish to speak of only one of these matters at thistime: obituaries.
of necessity, an obituary is a thing which cannot beso judiciously edited by any hand as by that of the subject of it.
insuch a work it is not the facts that are of chief importance, but thelight which the obituarist shall throw upon them, the meaning which heshall dress them in, the conclusions which he shall draw from them,and the judgments which he shall deliver upon them.
the verdicts, youunderstand: that is the danger-line.
in considering this matter, in view of my approaching change, it hasseemed to me wise to take such measures as may be feasible, to acquire,by courtesy of the press, access to my standing obituaries, with theprivilege--if this is not asking too much--of editing, not their facts,but their verdicts.
this, not for the present profit, further than asconcerns my family, but as a favorable influence usable on the otherside, where there are some who are not friendly to me.
with this explanation of my motives, i will now ask you of your courtesyto make an appeal for me to the public press.
it is my desire thatsuch journals and periodicals as have obituaries of me lying in theirpigeonholes, with a view to sudden use some day, will not wait longer,but will publish them now, and kindly send me a marked copy.
my addressis simply new york city--i have no other that is permanent and nottransient.
i will correct them--not the facts, but the verdicts--striking out suchclauses as could have a deleterious influence on the other side, andreplacing them with clauses of a more judicious character.
i should,of course, expect to pay double rates for both the omissions and thesubstitutions; and i should also expect to pay quadruple rates forall obituaries which proved to be rightly and wisely worded in theoriginals, thus requiring no emendations at all.
it is my desire to leave these amended obituaries neatly bound behindme as a perennial consolation and entertainment to my family, and as anheirloom which shall have a mournful but definite commercial value formy remote posterity.
i beg, sir, that you will insert this advertisement (1t-eow, agate,inside), and send the bill toyours very respectfully.
p.s.--for the best obituary--one suitable for me to read in public, andcalculated to inspire regret--i desire to offer a prize, consisting ofa portrait of me done entirely by myself in pen and ink without previousinstructions.
the ink warranted to be the kind used by the very bestartists.
a monument to adamsome one has revealed to the tribune that i once suggested to rev.
thomas k. beecher, of elmira, new york, that we get up a monument toadam, and that mr. beecher favored the project.
there is more to itthan that.
the matter started as a joke, but it came somewhat near tomaterializing.
it is long ago--thirty years.
mr. darwin's descent of man has been inprint five or six years, and the storm of indignation raised by it wasstill raging in pulpits and periodicals.
in tracing the genesis of thehuman race back to its sources, mr. darwin had left adam out altogether.
we had monkeys, and "missing links," and plenty of other kinds ofancestors, but no adam.
jesting with mr. beecher and other friends inelmira, i said there seemed to be a likelihood that the world woulddiscard adam and accept the monkey, and that in the course of timeadam's very name would be forgotten in the earth; therefore thiscalamity ought to be averted; a monument would accomplish this, andelmira ought not to waste this honorable opportunity to do adam a favorand herself a credit.
then the unexpected happened.
two bankers came forward and took hold ofthe matter--not for fun, not for sentiment, but because they saw in themonument certain commercial advantages for the town.
the project hadseemed gently humorous before--it was more than that now, with thisstern business gravity injected into it.
the bankers discussed themonument with me.
we met several times.
they proposed an indestructiblememorial, to cost twenty-five thousand dollars.
the insane oddity of amonument set up in a village to preserve a name that would outlast thehills and the rocks without any such help, would advertise elmira to theends of the earth--and draw custom.
it would be the only monument on theplanet to adam, and in the matter of interest and impressiveness couldnever have a rival until somebody should set up a monument to the milkyway.
people would come from every corner of the globe and stop off to lookat it, no tour of the world would be complete that left out adam'smonument.
elmira would be a mecca; there would be pilgrim ships atpilgrim rates, pilgrim specials on the continent's railways; librarieswould be written about the monument, every tourist would kodak it,models of it would be for sale everywhere in the earth, its form wouldbecome as familiar as the figure of napoleon.
one of the bankers subscribed five thousand dollars, and i think theother one subscribed half as much, but i do not remember with certaintynow whether that was the figure or not.
we got designs made--some ofthem came from paris.
in the beginning--as a detail of the project when it was yet a joke--ihad framed a humble and beseeching and perfervid petition to congressbegging the government to built the monument, as a testimony of thegreat republic's gratitude to the father of the human race and as atoken of her loyalty to him in this dark day of humiliation when hisolder children were doubting and deserting him.
it seemed to me thatthis petition ought to be presented, now--it would be widely andfeelingly abused and ridiculed and cursed, and would advertise ourscheme and make our ground-floor stock go off briskly.
so i sent itto general joseph r. hawley, who was then in the house, and he said hewould present it.
but he did not do it.
i think he explained that whenhe came to read it he was afraid of it: it was too serious, to gushy,too sentimental--the house might take it for earnest.
we ought to have carried out our monument scheme; we could have managedit without any great difficulty, and elmira would now be the mostcelebrated town in the universe.
very recently i began to build a book in which one of the minorcharacters touches incidentally upon a project for a monument to adam,and now the tribune has come upon a trace of the forgotten jest ofthirty years ago.
apparently mental telegraphy is still in business.
itis odd; but the freaks of mental telegraphy are usually odd.
a humane word from satan(the following letter, signed by satan and purporting to come fromhim, we have reason to believe was not written by him, but by marktwain.--editor.)
to the editor of harper's weekly:dear sir and kinsman,--let us have done with this frivolous talk.
the american board accepts contributions from me every year: then whyshouldn't it from mr. rockefeller?
in all the ages, three-fourths of thesupport of the great charities has been conscience-money, as my bookswill show: then what becomes of the sting when that term is applied tomr. rockefeller's gift?
the american board's trade is financed mainlyfrom the graveyards.
bequests, you understand.
confession of an old crime and deliberate perpetration of a new one;for deceased's contribution is a robbery of his heirs.
shall the boarddecline bequests because they stand for one of these offenses every timeand generally for both?
allow me to continue.
the charge must persistently and resentfullyand remorselessly dwelt upon is that mr. rockefeller's contribution isincurably tainted by perjury--perjury proved against him in the courts.
it makes us smile--down in my place!
because there isn't a rich man inyour vast city who doesn't perjure himself every year before the taxboard.
they are all caked with perjury, many layers thick.
iron-clad,so to speak.
if there is one that isn't, i desire to acquire him for mymuseum, and will pay dinosaur rates.
will you say it isn't infractionof the law, but only annual evasion of it?
comfort yourselves with thatnice distinction if you like--for the present.
but by and by, when youarrive, i will show you something interesting: a whole hell-full ofevaders!
sometimes a frank law-breaker turns up elsewhere, but i getthose others every time.
to return to my muttons.
i wish you to remember that my rich perjurersare contributing to the american board with frequency: it is moneyfilched from the sworn-off personal tax; therefore it is the wages ofsin; therefore it is my money; therefore it is _i_ that contribute it;and, finally, it is therefore as i have said: since the board dailyaccepts contributions from me, why should it decline them from mr.rockefeller, who is as good as i am, let the courts say what they may?
introduction to "the new guide of the conversation in portuguese and english"by pedro carolinoin this world of uncertainties, there is, at any rate, one thing whichmay be pretty confidently set down as a certainty: and that is, thatthis celebrated little phrase-book will never die while the englishlanguage lasts.
its delicious unconscious ridiculousness, and itsenchanting naivete, as are supreme and unapproachable, in their way,as are shakespeare's sublimities.
whatsoever is perfect in its kind, inliterature, is imperishable: nobody can imitate it successfully, nobodycan hope to produce its fellow; it is perfect, it must and will standalone: its immortality is secure.
it is one of the smallest books in the world, but few big books havereceived such wide attention, and been so much pondered by the grave andlearned, and so much discussed and written about by the thoughtful,the thoughtless, the wise, and the foolish.
long notices of it haveappeared, from time to time, in the great english reviews, and inerudite and authoritative philological periodicals; and it has beenlaughed at, danced upon, and tossed in a blanket by nearly everynewspaper and magazine in the english-speaking world.
every scribbler,almost, has had his little fling at it, at one time or another; i hadmine fifteen years ago.
the book gets out of print, every now and then,and one ceases to hear of it for a season; but presently the nations andnear and far colonies of our tongue and lineage call for it once more,and once more it issues from some london or continental or americanpress, and runs a new course around the globe, wafted on its way by thewind of a world's laughter.
many persons have believed that this book's miraculous stupiditieswere studied and disingenuous; but no one can read the volume carefullythrough and keep that opinion.
it was written in serious good faith anddeep earnestness, by an honest and upright idiot who believed he knewsomething of the english language, and could impart his knowledge toothers.
the amplest proof of this crops out somewhere or other upon eachand every page.
there are sentences in the book which could have beenmanufactured by a man in his right mind, and with an intelligent anddeliberate purposes to seem innocently ignorant; but there are othersentences, and paragraphs, which no mere pretended ignorance could everachieve--nor yet even the most genuine and comprehensive ignorance, whenunbacked by inspiration.
it is not a fraud who speaks in the following paragraph of the author'spreface, but a good man, an honest man, a man whose conscience is atrest, a man who believes he has done a high and worthy work for hisnation and his generation, and is well pleased with his performance:we expect then, who the little book (for the care what we wrote him, andfor her typographical correction) that may be worth the acceptation ofthe studious persons, and especially of the youth, at which we dedicatehim particularly.
one cannot open this book anywhere and not find richness.
to prove thatthis is true, i will open it at random and copy the page i happen tostumble upon.
here is the result:dialogue 16for to see the townanothony, go to accompany they gentilsmen, do they see the town.
we won't to see all that is it remarquable here.
come with me, if you please.
i shall not folget nothing what can tomerit your attention.
here we are near to cathedral; will you come inthere?
we will first to see him in oudside, after we shall go in there for tolook the interior.
admire this master piece gothic architecture's.
the chasing of all they figures is astonishing' indeed.
the cupola and the nave are not less curious to see.
what is this palace how i see yonder?
it is the town hall.
and this tower here at this side?
it is the observatory.
the bridge is very fine, it have ten arches, and is constructed of freestone.
the streets are very layed out by line and too paved.
what is the circuit of this town?
there is it also hospitals here?
it not fail them.
what are then the edifices the worthest to have seen?
it is the arsnehal, the spectacle's hall, the cusiomhouse, and thepurse.
we are going too see the others monuments such that the publicpawnbroker's office, the plants garden's, the money office's, thelibrary.
that it shall be for another day; we are tired.
dialogue 17to inform one'self of a personhow is that gentilman who you did speak by and by?
is a german.
i did think him englishman.
he is of the saxony side.
he speak the french very well.
tough he is german, he speak so much well italyan, french, spanish andenglish, that among the italyans, they believe him italyan, he speakthe frenche as the frenches himselves.
the spanishesmen believe himspanishing, and the englishes, englishman.
it is difficult to enjoy wellso much several languages.
the last remark contains a general truth; but it ceases to be a truthwhen one contracts it and apples it to an individual--provided that thatindividual is the author of this book, sehnor pedro carolino.
i amsure i should not find it difficult "to enjoy well so much severallanguages"--or even a thousand of them--if he did the translating for mefrom the originals into his ostensible english.
advice to little girlsgood little girls ought not to make mouths at their teachers for everytrifling offense.
this retaliation should only be resorted to underpeculiarly aggravated circumstances.
if you have nothing but a rag-doll stuffed with sawdust, while one ofyour more fortunate little playmates has a costly china one, you shouldtreat her with a show of kindness nevertheless.
and you ought not toattempt to make a forcible swap with her unless your conscience wouldjustify you in it, and you know you are able to do it.
you ought never to take your little brother's "chewing-gum" away fromhim by main force; it is better to rope him in with the promise ofthe first two dollars and a half you find floating down the river on agrindstone.
in the artless simplicity natural to this time of life, hewill regard it as a perfectly fair transaction.
in all ages of theworld this eminently plausible fiction has lured the obtuse infant tofinancial ruin and disaster.
if at any time you find it necessary to correct your brother, do notcorrect him with mud--never, on any account, throw mud at him, becauseit will spoil his clothes.
it is better to scald him a little, for thenyou obtain desirable results.
you secure his immediate attention to thelessons you are inculcating, and at the same time your hot water willhave a tendency to move impurities from his person, and possibly theskin, in spots.
if your mother tells you to do a thing, it is wrong to reply that youwon't.
it is better and more becoming to intimate that you will do asshe bids you, and then afterward act quietly in the matter according tothe dictates of your best judgment.
you should ever bear in mind that it is to your kind parents that youare indebted for your food, and for the privilege of staying home fromschool when you let on that you are sick.
therefore you ought to respecttheir little prejudices, and humor their little whims, and put up withtheir little foibles until they get to crowding you too much.
good little girls always show marked deference for the aged.
you oughtnever to "sass" old people unless they "sass" you first.
post-mortem poetry (1)in philadelphia they have a custom which it would be pleasant to seeadopted throughout the land.
it is that of appending to publisheddeath-notices a little verse or two of comforting poetry.
any one who isin the habit of reading the daily philadelphia ledger must frequentlybe touched by these plaintive tributes to extinguished worth.
inphiladelphia, the departure of a child is a circumstance which is notmore surely followed by a burial than by the accustomed solacing poesyin the public ledger.
in that city death loses half its terror becausethe knowledge of its presence comes thus disguised in the sweet draperyof verse.
for instance, in a late ledger i find the following (i changethe surname):diedhawks.--on the 17th inst., clara, the daughter of ephraim and laurahawks, aged 21 months and 2 days.
that merry shout no more i hear,     no laughing child i see,     no little arms are around my neck,     no feet upon my knee;     no kisses drop upon my cheek,     these lips are sealed to me.
dear lord, how could i give clara up     to any but to thee?
a child thus mourned could not die wholly discontented.
from the ledgerof the same date i make the following extract, merely changing thesurname, as before:becket.--on sunday morning, 19th inst., john p., infant son of georgeand julia becket, aged 1 year, 6 months, and 15 days.
that merry shout no more i hear,     no laughing child i see,     no little arms are round my neck,     no feet upon my knee;     no kisses drop upon my cheek;     these lips are sealed to me.
dear lord, how could i give johnnie up     to any but to thee?
the similarity of the emotions as produced in the mourners in these twoinstances is remarkably evidenced by the singular similarity of thoughtwhich they experienced, and the surprising coincidence of language usedby them to give it expression.
in the same journal, of the same date, i find the following (surnamesuppressed, as before):wagner.--on the 10th inst., ferguson g., the son of william l. andmartha theresa wagner, aged 4 weeks and 1 day.
that merry shout no more i hear,     no laughing child i see,     no little arms are round my neck,     no feet upon my knee;     no kisses drop upon my cheek,     these lips are sealed to me.
dear lord, how could i give ferguson up     to any but to thee?
it is strange what power the reiteration of an essentially poeticalthought has upon one's feelings.
when we take up the ledger and read thepoetry about little clara, we feel an unaccountable depression of thespirits.
when we drift further down the column and read the poetry aboutlittle johnnie, the depression and spirits acquires and added emphasis,and we experience tangible suffering.
when we saunter along down thecolumn further still and read the poetry about little ferguson, the wordtorture but vaguely suggests the anguish that rends us.
in the ledger (same copy referred to above) i find the following (ialter surname, as usual):welch.--on the 5th inst., mary c. welch, wife of william b. welch, anddaughter of catharine and george w. markland, in the 29th year of herage.
a mother dear, a mother kind,     has gone and left us all behind.
cease to weep, for tears are vain,     mother dear is out of pain.
farewell, husband, children dear,     serve thy god with filial fear,     and meet me in the land above,     where all is peace, and joy, and love.
what could be sweeter than that?
no collection of salient facts (withoutreduction to tabular form) could be more succinctly stated than is donein the first stanza by the surviving relatives, and no more concise andcomprehensive program of farewells, post-mortuary general orders, etc.,could be framed in any form than is done in verse by deceased in thelast stanza.
these things insensibly make us wiser and tenderer, andbetter.
another extract:ball.--on the morning of the 15th inst., mary e., daughter of john andsarah f. ball.
'tis sweet to rest in lively hope     that when my change shall come     angels will hover round my bed,     to waft my spirit home.
the following is apparently the customary form for heads of families:burns.--on the 20th inst., michael burns, aged 40 years.
dearest father, thou hast left us,     hear thy loss we deeply feel;     but 'tis god that has bereft us,     he can all our sorrows heal.
funeral at 2 o'clock sharp.
there is something very simple and pleasant about the following, which,in philadelphia, seems to be the usual form for consumptives of longstanding.
(it deplores four distinct cases in the single copy of theledger which lies on the memoranda editorial table):bromley.--on the 29th inst., of consumption, philip bromley, in the 50thyear of his age.
affliction sore long time he bore,     physicians were in vain--     till god at last did hear him mourn,     and eased him of his pain.
that friend whom death from us has torn,     we did not think so soon to part;     an anxious care now sinks the thorn     still deeper in our bleeding heart.
this beautiful creation loses nothing by repetition.
on the contrary,the oftener one sees it in the ledger, the more grand and awe-inspiringit seems.
with one more extract i will close:doble.--on the 4th inst., samuel pervil worthington doble, aged 4 days.
our little sammy's gone,     his tiny spirit's fled;     our little boy we loved so dear     lies sleeping with the dead.
a tear within a father's eye,     a mother's aching heart,     can only tell the agony     how hard it is to part.
could anything be more plaintive than that, without requiring furtherconcessions of grammar?
could anything be likely to do more towardreconciling deceased to circumstances, and making him willing to go?
the power of song can hardly be estimated.
there is anelement about some poetry which is able to make even physical sufferingand death cheerful things to contemplate and consummations to bedesired.
this element is present in the mortuary poetry of philadelphiadegree of development.
the custom i have been treating of is one that should be adopted in allthe cities of the land.
it is said that once a man of small consequence died, and the rev.
t.k. beecher was asked to preach the funeral sermon--a man who abhors thelauding of people, either dead or alive, except in dignified and simplelanguage, and then only for merits which they actually possessed orpossess, not merits which they merely ought to have possessed.
thefriends of the deceased got up a stately funeral.
they must have hadmisgivings that the corpse might not be praised strongly enough, forthey prepared some manuscript headings and notes in which nothing wasleft unsaid on that subject that a fervid imagination and an unabridgeddictionary could compile, and these they handed to the minister as heentered the pulpit.
they were merely intended as suggestions, and so thefriends were filled with consternation when the minister stood in thepulpit and proceeded to read off the curious odds and ends in ghastlydetail and in a loud voice!
and their consternation solidified topetrification when he paused at the end, contemplated the multitudereflectively, and then said, impressively:"the man would be a fool who tried to add anything to that.
and with the same strict adhesion to truth it can be said that the manwould be a fool who tried to add anything to the following transcendentobituary poem.
there is something so innocent, so guileless, socomplacent, so unearthly serene and self-satisfied about this peerless"hog-wash," that the man must be made of stone who can read it without adulcet ecstasy creeping along his backbone and quivering in his marrow.
there is no need to say that this poem is genuine and in earnest, forits proofs are written all over its face.
an ingenious scribblermight imitate it after a fashion, but shakespeare himself could notcounterfeit it.
it is noticeable that the country editor who publishedit did not know that it was a treasure and the most perfect thing of itskind that the storehouses and museums of literature could show.
he didnot dare to say no to the dread poet--for such a poet must have beensomething of an apparition--but he just shoveled it into his paperanywhere that came handy, and felt ashamed, and put that disgusted"published by request" over it, and hoped that his subscribers wouldoverlook it or not feel an impulse to read it:(published by request)linescomposed on the death of samuel and catharine belknap's childrenby m. a. glaze     friends and neighbors all draw near,     and listen to what i have to say;     and never leave your children dear     when they are small, and go away.
but always think of that sad fate,     that happened in year of '63;     four children with a house did burn,     think of their awful agony.
their mother she had gone away,     and left them there alone to stay;     the house took fire and down did burn;     before their mother did return.
their piteous cry the neighbors heard,     and then the cry of fire was given;     but, ah!
before they could them reach,     their little spirits had flown to heaven.
their father he to war had gone,     and on the battle-field was slain;     but little did he think when he went away,     but what on earth they would meet again.
the neighbors often told his wife     not to leave his children there,     unless she got some one to stay,     and of the little ones take care.
the oldest he was years not six,     and the youngest only eleven months old,     but often she had left them there alone,     as, by the neighbors, i have been told.
how can she bear to see the place.
where she so oft has left them there,     without a single one to look to them,     or of the little ones to take good care.
oh, can she look upon the spot,     whereunder their little burnt bones lay,     but what she thinks she hears them say,     ''twas god had pity, and took us on high.'
and there may she kneel down and pray,     and ask god her to forgive;     and she may lead a different life     while she on earth remains to live.
her husband and her children too,     god has took from pain and woe.
may she reform and mend her ways,     that she may also to them go.
and when it is god's holy will,     o, may she be prepared     to meet her god and friends in peace,     and leave this world of care.
1. written in 1870.the danger of lying in bedthe man in the ticket-office said:"have an accident insurance ticket, also?"
"no," i said, after studying the matter over a little.
"no, i believenot; i am going to be traveling by rail all day today.
however, tomorrowi don't travel.
give me one for tomorrow."
the man looked puzzled.
he said:"but it is for accident insurance, and if you are going to travel byrail--""if i am going to travel by rail i sha'n't need it.
lying at home in bedis the thing _i_ am afraid of."
i had been looking into this matter.
last year i traveled twentythousand miles, almost entirely by rail; the year before, i traveledover twenty-five thousand miles, half by sea and half by rail; and theyear before that i traveled in the neighborhood of ten thousand miles,exclusively by rail.
i suppose if i put in all the little odd journeyshere and there, i may say i have traveled sixty thousand miles duringthe three years i have mentioned.
and never an accident.
for a good while i said to myself every morning: "now i have escapedthus far, and so the chances are just that much increased that i shallcatch it this time.
i will be shrewd, and buy an accident ticket."
andto a dead moral certainty i drew a blank, and went to bed that nightwithout a joint started or a bone splintered.
i got tired of that sortof daily bother, and fell to buying accident tickets that were goodfor a month.
i said to myself, "a man can't buy thirty blanks in onebundle."
but i was mistaken.
there was never a prize in the the lot.
i could readof railway accidents every day--the newspaper atmosphere was foggy withthem; but somehow they never came my way.
i found i had spent a gooddeal of money in the accident business, and had nothing to show for it.
my suspicions were aroused, and i began to hunt around for somebody thathad won in this lottery.
i found plenty of people who had invested,but not an individual that had ever had an accident or made a cent.
istopped buying accident tickets and went to ciphering.
the result wasastounding.
the peril lay not in traveling, but in staying at home.
i hunted up statistics, and was amazed to find that after all theglaring newspaper headlines concerning railroad disasters, less thanthree hundred people had really lost their lives by those disastersin the preceding twelve months.
the erie road was set down as the mostmurderous in the list.
it had killed forty-six--or twenty-six, i do notexactly remember which, but i know the number was double that of anyother road.
but the fact straightway suggested itself that the erie wasan immensely long road, and did more business than any other line inthe country; so the double number of killed ceased to be matter forsurprise.
by further figuring, it appeared that between new york and rochester theerie ran eight passenger-trains each way every day--16 altogether; andcarried a daily average of 6,000 persons.
that is about a million in sixmonths--the population of new york city.
well, the erie kills from 13 to23 persons of its million in six months; and in the same time 13,000 ofnew york's million die in their beds!
my flesh crept, my hair stoodon end.
"this is appalling!"
"the danger isn't in traveling byrail, but in trusting to those deadly beds.
i will never sleep in a bedagain."
i had figured on considerably less than one-half the length of the erieroad.
it was plain that the entire road must transport at least elevenor twelve thousand people every day.
there are many short roads runningout of boston that do fully half as much; a great many such roads.
thereare many roads scattered about the union that do a prodigious passengerbusiness.
therefore it was fair to presume that an average of 2,500passengers a day for each road in the country would be almost correct.
there are 846 railway lines in our country, and 846 times 2,500 are2,115,000. so the railways of america move more than two millions ofpeople every day; six hundred and fifty millions of people a year,without counting the sundays.
they do that, too--there is no questionabout it; though where they get the raw material is clear beyond thejurisdiction of my arithmetic; for i have hunted the census through andthrough, and i find that there are not that many people in the unitedstates, by a matter of six hundred and ten millions at the very least.
they must use some of the same people over again, likely.
san francisco is one-eighth as populous as new york; there are 60 deathsa week in the former and 500 a week in the latter--if they have luck.
that is 3,120 deaths a year in san francisco, and eight times as manyin new york--say about 25,000 or 26,000. the health of the two places isthe same.
so we will let it stand as a fair presumption that this willhold good all over the country, and that consequently 25,000 out ofevery million of people we have must die every year.
that amounts toone-fortieth of our total population.
one million of us, then, dieannually.
out of this million ten or twelve thousand are stabbed, shot,drowned, hanged, poisoned, or meet a similarly violent death in someother popular way, such as perishing by kerosene-lamp and hoop-skirtconflagrations, getting buried in coal-mines, falling off house-tops,breaking through church, or lecture-room floors, taking patentmedicines, or committing suicide in other forms.
the erie railroad kills23 to 46; the other 845 railroads kill an average of one-third of a maneach; and the rest of that million, amounting in the aggregate to thatappalling figure of 987,631 corpses, die naturally in their beds!
you will excuse me from taking any more chances on those beds.
therailroads are good enough for me.
and my advice to all people is, don't stay at home any more than you canhelp; but when you have got to stay at home a while, buy a package ofthose insurance tickets and sit up nights.
you cannot be too cautious.
(one can see now why i answered that ticket-agent in the manner recordedat the top of this sketch.)
the moral of this composition is, that thoughtless people grumble morethan is fair about railroad management in the united states.
when weconsider that every day and night of the year full fourteen thousandrailway-trains of various kinds, freighted with life and armed withdeath, go thundering over the land, the marvel is, not that they killthree hundred human beings in a twelvemonth, but that they do not killthree hundred times three hundred!
portrait of king william iiii never can look at those periodical portraits in the galaxy magazinewithout feeling a wild, tempestuous ambition to be an artist.
i haveseen thousands and thousands of pictures in my time--acres of them hereand leagues of them in the galleries of europe--but never any that movedme as these portraits do.
there is a portrait of monsignore capel in the november number, nowcould anything be sweeter than that?
and there was bismarck's, in theoctober number; who can look at that without being purer and strongerand nobler for it?
and thurlow and weed's picture in the septembernumber; i would not have died without seeing that, no, not for anythingthis world can give.
but look back still further and recall my ownlikeness as printed in the august number; if i had been in my grave athousand years when that appeared, i would have got up and visited theartist.
i sleep with all these portraits under my pillow every night, so that ican go on studying them as soon as the day dawns in the morning.
i knowthem all as thoroughly as if i had made them myself; i know every lineand mark about them.
sometimes when company are present i shuffle theportraits all up together, and then pick them out one by one and calltheir names, without referring to the printing on the bottom.
i seldommake a mistake--never, when i am calm.
i have had the portraits framed for a long time, waiting till my auntgets everything ready for hanging them up in the parlor.
but first onething and then another interferes, and so the thing is delayed.
once shesaid they would have more of the peculiar kind of light they needed inthe attic.
the old simpleton!
it is as dark as a tomb up there.
but shedoes not know anything about art, and so she has no reverence for it.
when i showed her my "map of the fortifications of paris," she said itwas rubbish.
well, from nursing those portraits so long, i have come at last to havea perfect infatuation for art.
i have a teacher now, and my enthusiasmcontinually and tumultuously grows, as i learn to use with more andmore facility the pencil, brush, and graver.
i am studying under demellville, the house and portrait painter.
(his name was smith when helived in the west.)
he does any kind of artist work a body wants, havinga genius that is universal, like michael angelo.
resembles that greatartist, in fact.
the back of his head is like this, and he wears hishat-brim tilted down on his nose to expose it.
i have been studying under de mellville several months now.
the firstmonth i painted fences, and gave general satisfaction.
the next month iwhite-washed a barn.
the third, i was doing tin roofs; the forth, commonsigns; the fifth, statuary to stand before cigar shops.
this presentmonth is only the sixth, and i am already in portraits!
the humble offering which accompanies these remarks (see figure)--theportrait of his majesty william iii., king of prussia--is my fifthattempt in portraits, and my greatest success.
it has received unboundedpraise from all classes of the community, but that which gratifies memost is the frequent and cordial verdict that it resembles the galaxyportraits.
those were my first love, my earliest admiration, theoriginal source and incentive of my art-ambition.
whatever i am in arttoday, i owe to these portraits.
i ask no credit for myself--i deservenone.
and i never take any, either.
many a stranger has come to myexhibition (for i have had my portrait of king william on exhibition atone dollar a ticket), and would have gone away blessing me, if i had lethim, but i never did.
i always stated where i got the idea.
king william wears large bushy side-whiskers, and some critics havethought that this portrait would be more complete if they were added.
but it was not possible.
there was not room for side-whiskers andepaulets both, and so i let the whiskers go, and put in the epaulets,for the sake of style.
that thing on his hat is an eagle.
the prussianeagle--it is a national emblem.
when i say hat i mean helmet; but itseems impossible to make a picture of a helmet that a body can haveconfidence in.
i wish kind friends everywhere would aid me in my endeavor to attracta little attention to the galaxy portraits.
i feel persuaded it can beaccomplished, if the course to be pursued be chosen with judgment.
iwrite for that magazine all the time, and so do many abler men, and ifi can get these portraits into universal favor, it is all i ask; thereading-matter will take care of itself.
commendations of the portraitthere is nothing like it in the vatican.
it has none of that vagueness, that dreamy spirituality about it, whichmany of the first critics of arkansas have objected to in the murilloschool of art.
the expression is very interesting.
(keeps a macaroni store in venice, at the old family stand.)
it is the neatest thing in still life i have seen for years.
the smile may be almost called unique.
i never saw such character portrayed in a picture face before.
there is a benignant simplicity about the execution of this work whichwarms the heart toward it as much, full as much, as it fascinates theeye.
one cannot see it without longing to contemplate the artist.
send me the entire edition--together with the plate and the originalportrait--and name your own price.
and--would you like to come overand stay awhile with napoleon at wilhelmshohe?
it shall not cost you acent.
does the race of man love a lord?
often a quite assified remark becomes sanctified by use and petrified bycustom; it is then a permanency, its term of activity a geologic period.
the day after the arrival of prince henry i met an english friend, andhe rubbed his hands and broke out with a remark that was charged to thebrim with joy--joy that was evidently a pleasant salve to an old soreplace:"many a time i've had to listen without retort to an old saying that isirritatingly true, and until now seemed to offer no chance for a returnjibe: 'an englishman does dearly love a lord'; but after this i shalltalk back, and say, 'how about the americans?'"
it is a curious thing, the currency that an idiotic saying can get.
theman that first says it thinks he has made a discovery.
the man hesays it to, thinks the same.
it departs on its travels, is receivedeverywhere with admiring acceptance, and not only as a piece of rare andacute observation, but as being exhaustively true and profoundly wise;and so it presently takes its place in the world's list of recognizedand established wisdoms, and after that no one thinks of examining it tosee whether it is really entitled to its high honors or not.
i call tomind instances of this in two well-established proverbs, whose dullnessis not surpassed by the one about the englishman and his love for alord: one of them records the american's adoration of the almightydollar, the other the american millionaire-girl's ambition to trade cashfor a title, with a husband thrown in.
it isn't merely the american that adores the almighty dollar, it is thehuman race.
the human race has always adored the hatful of shells, orthe bale of calico, or the half-bushel of brass rings, or the handful ofsteel fish-hooks, or the houseful of black wives, or the zareba full ofcattle, or the two-score camels and asses, or the factory, or the farm,or the block of buildings, or the railroad bonds, or the bank stock, orthe hoarded cash, or--anything that stands for wealth and considerationand independence, and can secure to the possessor that most precious ofall things, another man's envy.
it was a dull person that invented theidea that the american's devotion to the dollar is more strenuous thananother's.
rich american girls do buy titles, but they did not invent that idea;it had been worn threadbare several hundred centuries before americawas discovered.
european girls still exploit it as briskly as ever;and, when a title is not to be had for the money in hand, they buy thehusband without it.
they must put up the "dot," or there is no trade.
the commercialization of brides is substantially universal, except inamerica.
it exists with us, to some little extent, but in no degreeapproaching a custom.
"the englishman dearly loves a lord."
what is the soul and source of this love?
i think the thing could bemore correctly worded:"the human race dearly envies a lord."
that is to say, it envies the lord's place.
on two accounts, ithink: its power and its conspicuousness.
where conspicuousness carries with it a power which, by the light of ourown observation and experience, we are able to measure and comprehend, ithink our envy of the possessor is as deep and as passionate as isthat of any other nation.
no one can care less for a lord than thebackwoodsman, who has had no personal contact with lords and has seldomheard them spoken of; but i will not allow that any englishman has aprofounder envy of a lord than has the average american who has livedlong years in a european capital and fully learned how immense is theposition the lord occupies.
of any ten thousand americans who eagerly gather, at vast inconvenience,to get a glimpse of prince henry, all but a couple of hundred will bethere out of an immense curiosity; they are burning up with desire tosee a personage who is so much talked about.
they envy him; but it isconspicuousness they envy mainly, not the power that is lodged in hisroyal quality and position, for they have but a vague and spectralknowledge and appreciation of that; though their environment andassociations they have been accustomed to regard such things lightly,and as not being very real; consequently, they are not able to valuethem enough to consumingly envy them.
but, whenever an american (or other human being) is in the presence,for the first time, of a combination of great power and conspicuousnesswhich he thoroughly understands and appreciates, his eager curiosity andpleasure will be well-sodden with that other passion--envy--whether hesuspects it or not.
at any time, on any day, in any part of america,you can confer a happiness upon any passing stranger by calling hisattention to any other passing stranger and saying:"do you see that gentleman going along there?
it is mr.
watch his eye.
it is a combination of power and conspicuousness whichthe man understands.
when we understand rank, we always like to rub against it.
when a manis conspicuous, we always want to see him.
also, if he will pay us anattention we will manage to remember it.
also, we will mention it nowand then, casually; sometimes to a friend, or if a friend is not handy,we will make out with a stranger.
well, then, what is rank, and what is conspicuousness?
at once wethink of kings and aristocracies, and of world-wide celebrities insoldierships, the arts, letters, etc., and we stop there.
but that is amistake.
rank holds its court and receives its homage on every round ofthe ladder, from the emperor down to the rat-catcher; and distinction,also, exists on every round of the ladder, and commands its due ofdeference and envy.
to worship rank and distinction is the dear and valued privilege of allthe human race, and it is freely and joyfully exercised in democraciesas well as in monarchies--and even, to some extent, among thosecreatures whom we impertinently call the lower animals.
for even theyhave some poor little vanities and foibles, though in this matter theyare paupers as compared to us.
a chinese emperor has the worship of his four hundred millions ofsubjects, but the rest of the world is indifferent to him.
a christianemperor has the worship of his subjects and of a large part ofthe christian world outside of his domains; but he is a matter ofindifference to all china.
a king, class a, has an extensive worship; aking, class b, has a less extensive worship; class c, class d, classe get a steadily diminishing share of worship; class l (sultan ofzanzibar), class p (sultan of sulu), and class w (half-king of samoa),get no worship at all outside their own little patch of sovereignty.
take the distinguished people along down.
each has his group ofhomage-payers.
in the navy, there are many groups; they start with thesecretary and the admiral, and go down to the quartermaster--and below;for there will be groups among the sailors, and each of these groupswill have a tar who is distinguished for his battles, or his strength,or his daring, or his profanity, and is admired and envied by his group.
the same with the army; the same with the literary and journalisticcraft; the publishing craft; the cod-fishery craft; standard oil; u. s.steel; the class a hotel--and the rest of the alphabet in that line; theclass a prize-fighter--and the rest of the alphabet in his line--cleardown to the lowest and obscurest six-boy gang of little gamins, withits one boy that can thrash the rest, and to whom he is king of samoa,bottom of the royal race, but looked up to with a most ardent admirationand envy.
there is something pathetic, and funny, and pretty, about this humanrace's fondness for contact with power and distinction, and for thereflected glory it gets out of it.
the king, class a, is happy in thestate banquet and the military show which the emperor provides for him,and he goes home and gathers the queen and the princelings around him inthe privacy of the spare room, and tells them all about it, and says:"his imperial majesty put his hand upon my shoulder in the most friendlyway--just as friendly and familiar, oh, you can't imagine it!--andeverybody seeing him do it; charming, perfectly charming!"
the king, class g, is happy in the cold collation and the police paradeprovided for him by the king, class b, and goes home and tells thefamily all about it, and says:"and his majesty took me into his own private cabinet for a smoke and achat, and there we sat just as sociable, and talking away and laughingand chatting, just the same as if we had been born in the same bunk; andall the servants in the anteroom could see us doing it!
oh, it was toolovely for anything!"
the king, class q, is happy in the modest entertainment furnished him bythe king, class m, and goes home and tells the household about it,and is as grateful and joyful over it as were his predecessors in thegaudier attentions that had fallen to their larger lot.
emperors, kings, artisans, peasants, big people, little people--at thebottom we are all alike and all the same; all just alike on the inside,and when our clothes are off, nobody can tell which of us is which.
weare unanimous in the pride we take in good and genuine compliments paidus, and distinctions conferred upon us, in attentions shown.
there isnot one of us, from the emperor down, but is made like that.
do imean attentions shown us by the guest?
no, i mean simply flatteringattentions, let them come whence they may.
we despise no source that canpay us a pleasing attention--there is no source that is humble enoughfor that.
you have heard a dear little girl say to a frowzy anddisreputable dog: "he came right to me and let me pat him on the head,and he wouldn't let the others touch him!"
and you have seen her eyesdance with pride in that high distinction.
you have often seen that.
ifthe child were a princess, would that random dog be able to confer thelike glory upon her with his pretty compliment?
yes; and even in hermature life and seated upon a throne, she would still remember it, stillrecall it, still speak of it with frank satisfaction.
that charmingand lovable german princess and poet, carmen sylva, queen of roumania,remembers yet that the flowers of the woods and fields "talked to her"when she was a girl, and she sets it down in her latest book; and thatthe squirrels conferred upon her and her father the valued compliment ofnot being afraid of them; and "once one of them, holding a nut betweenits sharp little teeth, ran right up against my father"--it has the verynote of "he came right to me and let me pat him on the head"--"and whenit saw itself reflected in his boot it was very much surprised,and stopped for a long time to contemplate itself in the polishedleather"--then it went its way.
and the birds!
she still remembers withpride that "they came boldly into my room," when she had neglected her"duty" and put no food on the window-sill for them; she knew all thewild birds, and forgets the royal crown on her head to remember withpride that they knew her; also that the wasp and the bee were personalfriends of hers, and never forgot that gracious relationship to herinjury: "never have i been stung by a wasp or a bee."
and here is thatproud note again that sings in that little child's elation in beingsingled out, among all the company of children, for the random dog'shonor-conferring attentions.
"even in the very worst summer for wasps,when, in lunching out of doors, our table was covered with them andevery one else was stung, they never hurt me."
when a queen whose qualities of mind and heart and character are able toadd distinction to so distinguished a place as a throne, rememberswith grateful exultation, after thirty years, honors and distinctionsconferred upon her by the humble, wild creatures of the forest, we arehelped to realize that complimentary attentions, homage,distinctions, are of no caste, but are above all cast--that they are anobility-conferring power apart.
we all like these things.
when the gate-guard at the railway-stationpasses me through unchallenged and examines other people's tickets, ifeel as the king, class a, felt when the emperor put the imperial handon his shoulder, "everybody seeing him do it"; and as the child feltwhen the random dog allowed her to pat his head and ostracized theothers; and as the princess felt when the wasps spared her and stungthe rest; and i felt just so, four years ago in vienna (and remember ityet), when the helmeted police shut me off, with fifty others, from astreet which the emperor was to pass through, and the captain of thesquad turned and saw the situation and said indignantly to that guard:"can't you see it is the herr mark twain?
let him through!"
it was four years ago; but it will be four hundred before i forget thewind of self-complacency that rose in me, and strained my buttons when imarked the deference for me evoked in the faces of my fellow-rabble, andnoted, mingled with it, a puzzled and resentful expression which said,as plainly as speech could have worded it: "and who in the nation is theherr mark twain um gotteswillen?"
how many times in your life have you heard this boastful remark:"i stood as close to him as i am to you; i could have put out my handand touched him."
we have all heard it many and many a time.
it was a proud distinctionto be able to say those words.
it brought envy to the speaker, a kind ofglory; and he basked in it and was happy through all his veins.
andwho was it he stood so close to?
the answer would cover all the grades.
sometimes it was a king; sometimes it was a renowned highwayman;sometimes it was an unknown man killed in an extraordinary way and madesuddenly famous by it; always it was a person who was for the moment thesubject of public interest of a village.
"i was there, and i saw it myself."
that is a common and envy-compellingremark.
it can refer to a battle; to a handing; to a coronation; to thekilling of jumbo by the railway-train; to the arrival of jenny lind atthe battery; to the meeting of the president and prince henry; to thechase of a murderous maniac; to the disaster in the tunnel; to theexplosion in the subway; to a remarkable dog-fight; to a villagechurch struck by lightning.
it will be said, more or less causally, byeverybody in america who has seen prince henry do anything, or try to.
the man who was absent and didn't see him to anything, will scoff.
itis his privilege; and he can make capital out of it, too; he will seem,even to himself, to be different from other americans, and better.
as his opinion of his superior americanism grows, and swells, andconcentrates and coagulates, he will go further and try to belittle thedistinction of those that saw the prince do things, and will spoil theirpleasure in it if he can.
my life has been embittered by that kind ofperson.
if you are able to tell of a special distinction that has fallento your lot, it gravels them; they cannot bear it; and they try to makebelieve that the thing you took for a special distinction was nothingof the kind and was meant in quite another way.
once i was received inprivate audience by an emperor.
last week i was telling a jealous personabout it, and i could see him wince under it, see him bite, seehim suffer.
i revealed the whole episode to him with considerableelaboration and nice attention to detail.
when i was through, he askedme what had impressed me most.
i said:"his majesty's delicacy.
they told me to be sure and back out from thepresence, and find the door-knob as best i could; it was not allowableto face around.
now the emperor knew it would be a difficult ordeal forme, because of lack of practice; and so, when it was time to part, heturned, with exceeding delicacy, and pretended to fumble with things onhis desk, so i could get out in my own way, without his seeing me."
it went home!
it was vitriol!
i saw the envy and disgruntlement risein the man's face; he couldn't keep it down.
i saw him try to fix upsomething in his mind to take the bloom off that distinction.
i enjoyedthat, for i judged that he had his work cut out for him.
he struggledalong inwardly for quite a while; then he said, with a manner of aperson who has to say something and hasn't anything relevant to say:"you said he had a handful of special-brand cigars on the table?"
"yes; _i_ never saw anything to match them."
i had him again.
he had to fumble around in his mind as much as anotherminute before he could play; then he said in as mean a way as i everheard a person say anything:"he could have been counting the cigars, you know."
i cannot endure a man like that.
it is nothing to him how unkind he is,so long as he takes the bloom off.
it is all he cares for.
"an englishman (or other human being) does dearly love a lord," (orother conspicuous person.)
it includes us all.
we love to be noticed bythe conspicuous person; we love to be associated with such, or witha conspicuous event, even in a seventh-rate fashion, even in theforty-seventh, if we cannot do better.
this accounts for some of ourcurious tastes in mementos.
it accounts for the large private trade inthe prince of wales's hair, which chambermaids were able to drive inthat article of commerce when the prince made the tour of the world inthe long ago--hair which probably did not always come from his brush,since enough of it was marketed to refurnish a bald comet; it accountsfor the fact that the rope which lynches a negro in the presence often thousand christian spectators is salable five minutes later attwo dollars and inch; it accounts for the mournful fact that a royalpersonage does not venture to wear buttons on his coat in public.
we do love a lord--and by that term i mean any person whose situationis higher than our own.
the lord of the group, for instance: a group ofpeers, a group of millionaires, a group of hoodlums, a group of sailors,a group of newsboys, a group of saloon politicians, a group of collegegirls.
no royal person has ever been the object of a more deliriousloyalty and slavish adoration than is paid by the vast tammany herd toits squalid idol in wantage.
there is not a bifurcated animal in thatmenagerie that would not be proud to appear in a newspaper picture inhis company.
at the same time, there are some in that organization whowould scoff at the people who have been daily pictured in company withprince henry, and would say vigorously that they would not consent tobe photographed with him--a statement which would not be true in anyinstance.
there are hundreds of people in america who would frankly sayto you that they would not be proud to be photographed in a groupwith the prince, if invited; and some of these unthinking people wouldbelieve it when they said it; yet in no instance would it be true.
wehave a large population, but we have not a large enough one, by severalmillions, to furnish that man.
he has not yet been begotten, and in facthe is not begettable.
you may take any of the printed groups, and there isn't a person in thedim background who isn't visibly trying to be vivid; if it is a crowd often thousand--ten thousand proud, untamed democrats, horny-handed sonsof toil and of politics, and fliers of the eagle--there isn't one whois trying to keep out of range, there isn't one who isn't plainlymeditating a purchase of the paper in the morning, with the intention ofhunting himself out in the picture and of framing and keeping it if heshall find so much of his person in it as his starboard ear.
we all love to get some of the drippings of conspicuousness, and wewill put up with a single, humble drip, if we can't get any more.
we maypretend otherwise, in conversation; but we can't pretend it to ourselvesprivately--and we don't.
we do confess in public that we are thenoblest work of god, being moved to it by long habit, and teaching,and superstition; but deep down in the secret places of our souls werecognize that, if we are the noblest work, the less said about it thebetter.
we of the north poke fun at the south for its fondness of titles--afondness for titles pure and simple, regardless of whether they aregenuine or pinchbeck.
we forget that whatever a southerner likes therest of the human race likes, and that there is no law of predilectionlodged in one people that is absent from another people.
there is novariety in the human race.
we are all children, all children of the oneadam, and we love toys.
we can soon acquire that southern disease ifsome one will give it a start.
it already has a start, in fact.
i havebeen personally acquainted with over eighty-four thousand persons who,at one time or another in their lives, have served for a year or twoon the staffs of our multitudinous governors, and through thatfatality have been generals temporarily, and colonels temporarily, andjudge-advocates temporarily; but i have known only nine among them whocould be hired to let the title go when it ceased to be legitimate.
iknow thousands and thousands of governors who ceased to be governorsaway back in the last century; but i am acquainted with only three whowould answer your letter if you failed to call them "governor" in it.
i know acres and acres of men who have done time in a legislature inprehistoric days, but among them is not half an acre whose resentmentyou would not raise if you addressed them as "mr." instead of "hon."
the first thing a legislature does is to convene in an impressivelegislative attitude, and get itself photographed.
each memberframes his copy and takes it to the woods and hangs it up in the mostaggressively conspicuous place in his house; and if you visit the houseand fail to inquire what that accumulation is, the conversation will bebrought around to it by that aforetime legislator, and he will show youa figure in it which in the course of years he has almost obliteratedwith the smut of his finger-marks, and say with a solemn joy, "it's me!"
have you ever seen a country congressman enter the hotel breakfast-roomin washington with his letters?--and sit at his table and let on toread them?--and wrinkle his brows and frown statesman-like?--keeping afurtive watch-out over his glasses all the while to see if he is beingobserved and admired?--those same old letters which he fetches in everymorning?
have you seen it?
have you seen him show off?
it is thesight of the national capital.
except one; a pathetic one.
that is theex-congressman: the poor fellow whose life has been ruined by a two-yeartaste of glory and of fictitious consequence; who has been superseded,and ought to take his heartbreak home and hide it, but cannot tearhimself away from the scene of his lost little grandeur; and so helingers, and still lingers, year after year, unconsidered, sometimessnubbed, ashamed of his fallen estate, and valiantly trying to lookotherwise; dreary and depressed, but counterfeiting breeziness andgaiety, hailing with chummy familiarity, which is not always welcomed,the more-fortunes who are still in place and were once his mates.
haveyou seen him?
he clings piteously to the one little shred that is leftof his departed distinction--the "privilege of the floor"; and works ithard and gets what he can out of it.
that is the saddest figure i knowof.
yes, we do so love our little distinctions!
and then we loftily scoffat a prince for enjoying his larger ones; forgetting that if we only hadhis chance--ah!
"senator" is not a legitimate title.
a senator has nomore right to be addressed by it than have you or i; but, in the severalstate capitals and in washington, there are five thousand senators whotake very kindly to that fiction, and who purr gratefully when you callthem by it--which you may do quite unrebuked.
then those same senatorssmile at the self-constructed majors and generals and judges of thesouth!
indeed, we do love our distinctions, get them how we may.
and we workthem for all they are worth.
in prayer we call ourselves "worms of thedust," but it is only on a sort of tacit understanding that the remarkshall not be taken at par.
we--worms of the dust!
oh, no, we are notthat.
except in fact; and we do not deal much in fact when we arecontemplating ourselves.
as a race, we do certainly love a lord--let him be croker, or a duke, ora prize-fighter, or whatever other personage shall chance to be the headof our group.
many years ago, i saw a greasy youth in overalls standingby the herald office, with an expectant look in his face.
soon a largeman passed out, and gave him a pat on the shoulder.
that was what theboy was waiting for--the large man's notice.
the pat made him proud andhappy, and the exultation inside of him shone out through his eyes; andhis mates were there to see the pat and envy it and wish they could havethat glory.
the boy belonged down cellar in the press-room, the largeman was king of the upper floors, foreman of the composing-room.
thelight in the boy's face was worship, the foreman was his lord, head ofhis group.
the pat was an accolade.
it was as precious to the boy as itwould have been if he had been an aristocrat's son and the accolade hadbeen delivered by his sovereign with a sword.
the quintessence of thehonor was all there; there was no difference in values; in truth therewas no difference present except an artificial one--clothes.
all the human race loves a lord--that is, loves to look upon or benoticed by the possessor of power or conspicuousness; and sometimesanimals, born to better things and higher ideals, descend to man's levelin this matter.
in the jardin des plantes i have see a cat that was sovain of being the personal friend of an elephant that i was ashamed ofher.
extracts from adam's diarymonday.--this new creature with the long hair is a good deal in the way.
it is always hanging around and following me about.
i don't like this; iam not used to company.
i wish it would stay with the other animals....cloudy today, wind in the east; think we shall have rain.... we?
wheredid i get that word--the new creature uses it.
tuesday.--been examining the great waterfall.
it is the finest thing onthe estate, i think.
the new creature calls it niagara falls--why, iam sure i do not know.
says it looks like niagara falls.
that is not areason, it is mere waywardness and imbecility.
i get no chance to nameanything myself.
the new creature names everything that comes along,before i can get in a protest.
and always that same pretext isoffered--it looks like the thing.
there is a dodo, for instance.
saysthe moment one looks at it one sees at a glance that it "looks like adodo."
it will have to keep that name, no doubt.
it wearies me to fretabout it, and it does no good, anyway.
it looks no more like adodo than i do.
wednesday.--built me a shelter against the rain, but could not have itto myself in peace.
the new creature intruded.
when i tried to put itout it shed water out of the holes it looks with, and wiped it away withthe back of its paws, and made a noise such as some of the other animalsmake when they are in distress.
i wish it would not talk; it is alwaystalking.
that sounds like a cheap fling at the poor creature, a slur;but i do not mean it so.
i have never heard the human voice before, andany new and strange sound intruding itself here upon the solemn hush ofthese dreaming solitudes offends my ear and seems a false note.
and thisnew sound is so close to me; it is right at my shoulder, right at myear, first on one side and then on the other, and i am used only tosounds that are more or less distant from me.
the naming goes recklessly on, in spite of anything i can do.
i had a very good name for the estate, and it was musical andpretty--garden of eden.
privately, i continue to call it that, but notany longer publicly.
the new creature says it is all woods and rocksand scenery, and therefore has no resemblance to a garden.
says it lookslike a park, and does not look like anything but a park.
consequently,without consulting me, it has been new-named niagara falls park.
thisis sufficiently high-handed, it seems to me.
and already there is a signup:keep offthe grassmy life is not as happy as it was.
saturday.--the new creature eats too much fruit.
we are going to runshort, most likely.
"we" again--that is its word; mine, too, now, fromhearing it so much.
good deal of fog this morning.
i do not go out inthe fog myself.
this new creature does.
it goes out in all weathers,and stumps right in with its muddy feet.
it used to be sopleasant and quiet here.
this day is getting to be more and more trying.
it was selected and set apart last november as a day of rest.
i hadalready six of them per week before.
this morning found the new creaturetrying to clod apples out of that forbidden tree.
monday.--the new creature says its name is eve.
that is all right, ihave no objections.
says it is to call it by, when i want it to come.
i said it was superfluous, then.
the word evidently raised me in itsrespect; and indeed it is a large, good word and will bear repetition.
it says it is not an it, it is a she.
this is probably doubtful; yet itis all one to me; what she is were nothing to me if she would but go byherself and not talk.
tuesday.--she has littered the whole estate with execrable names andoffensive signs:this way to the whirlpoolthis way to goat islandcave of the winds this wayshe says this park would make a tidy summer resort if there was anycustom for it.
summer resort--another invention of hers--just words,without any meaning.
what is a summer resort?
but it is best not to askher, she has such a rage for explaining.
friday.--she has taken to beseeching me to stop going over the falls.
what harm does it do?
says it makes her shudder.
i wonder why; i havealways done it--always liked the plunge, and coolness.
i supposed it waswhat the falls were for.
they have no other use that i can see, andthey must have been made for something.
she says they were only made forscenery--like the rhinoceros and the mastodon.
i went over the falls in a barrel--not satisfactory to her.
went overin a tub--still not satisfactory.
swam the whirlpool and the rapids ina fig-leaf suit.
it got much damaged.
hence, tedious complaints aboutmy extravagance.
i am too much hampered here.
what i need is a change ofscene.
saturday.--i escaped last tuesday night, and traveled two days, andbuilt me another shelter in a secluded place, and obliterated my tracksas well as i could, but she hunted me out by means of a beast which shehas tamed and calls a wolf, and came making that pitiful noise again,and shedding that water out of the places she looks with.
i was obligedto return with her, but will presently emigrate again when occasionoffers.
she engages herself in many foolish things; among others; tostudy out why the animals called lions and tigers live on grass andflowers, when, as she says, the sort of teeth they wear would indicatethat they were intended to eat each other.
this is foolish, because todo that would be to kill each other, and that would introduce what, asi understand, is called "death"; and death, as i have been told, has notyet entered the park.
which is a pity, on some accounts.
monday.--i believe i see what the week is for: it is to give time torest up from the weariness of sunday.
it seems a good idea.
... she hasbeen climbing that tree again.
clodded her out of it.
she said nobodywas looking.
seems to consider that a sufficient justification forchancing any dangerous thing.
told her that.
the word justificationmoved her admiration--and envy, too, i thought.
it is a good word.
tuesday.--she told me she was made out of a rib taken from my body.
this is at least doubtful, if not more than that.
i have not missed anyrib.... she is in much trouble about the buzzard; says grass does notagree with it; is afraid she can't raise it; thinks it was intended tolive on decayed flesh.
the buzzard must get along the best it can withwhat is provided.
we cannot overturn the whole scheme to accommodate thebuzzard.
saturday.--she fell in the pond yesterday when she was looking atherself in it, which she is always doing.
she nearly strangled, and saidit was most uncomfortable.
this made her sorry for the creatures whichlive in there, which she calls fish, for she continues to fasten nameson to things that don't need them and don't come when they are calledby them, which is a matter of no consequence to her, she is such anumbskull, anyway; so she got a lot of them out and brought them in lastnight and put them in my bed to keep warm, but i have noticed them nowand then all day and i don't see that they are any happier there thenthey were before, only quieter.
when night comes i shall throw themoutdoors.
i will not sleep with them again, for i find them clammy andunpleasant to lie among when a person hasn't anything on.
tuesday.--she has taken up with a snake now.
the other animals are glad,for she was always experimenting with them and bothering them; and i amglad because the snake talks, and this enables me to get a rest.
friday.--she says the snake advises her to try the fruit of the tree,and says the result will be a great and fine and noble education.
i toldher there would be another result, too--it would introduce death intothe world.
that was a mistake--it had been better to keep the remark tomyself; it only gave her an idea--she could save the sick buzzard, andfurnish fresh meat to the despondent lions and tigers.
i advised her tokeep away from the tree.
she said she wouldn't.
i foresee trouble.
wednesday.--i have had a variegated time.
i escaped last night, and rodea horse all night as fast as he could go, hoping to get clear of thepark and hide in some other country before the trouble should begin; butit was not to be.
about an hour after sun-up, as i was riding througha flowery plain where thousands of animals were grazing, slumbering, orplaying with each other, according to their wont, all of a sudden theybroke into a tempest of frightful noises, and in one moment the plainwas a frantic commotion and every beast was destroying its neighbor.
iknew what it meant--eve had eaten that fruit, and death was come intothe world.
... the tigers ate my house, paying no attention wheni ordered them to desist, and they would have eaten me if i hadstayed--which i didn't, but went away in much haste.... i found thisplace, outside the park, and was fairly comfortable for a few days,but she has found me out.
found me out, and has named the placetonawanda--says it looks like that.
in fact i was not sorry she came,for there are but meager pickings here, and she brought some of thoseapples.
i was obliged to eat them, i was so hungry.
it was against myprinciples, but i find that principles have no real force except whenone is well fed.... she came curtained in boughs and bunches of leaves,and when i asked her what she meant by such nonsense, and snatched themaway and threw them down, she tittered and blushed.
i had never seena person titter and blush before, and to me it seemed unbecoming andidiotic.
she said i would soon know how it was myself.
this was correct.
hungry as i was, i laid down the apple half-eaten--certainly the bestone i ever saw, considering the lateness of the season--and arrayedmyself in the discarded boughs and branches, and then spoke to her withsome severity and ordered her to go and get some more and not make aspectacle or herself.
she did it, and after this we crept down to wherethe wild-beast battle had been, and collected some skins, and i made herpatch together a couple of suits proper for public occasions.
they areuncomfortable, it is true, but stylish, and that is the main point aboutclothes.... i find she is a good deal of a companion.
i see i should belonesome and depressed without her, now that i have lost my property.
another thing, she says it is ordered that we work for our livinghereafter.
she will be useful.
i will superintend.
ten days later.--she accuses me of being the cause of our disaster!
shesays, with apparent sincerity and truth, that the serpent assured herthat the forbidden fruit was not apples, it was chestnuts.
i said i wasinnocent, then, for i had not eaten any chestnuts.
she said the serpentinformed her that "chestnut" was a figurative term meaning an aged andmoldy joke.
i turned pale at that, for i have made many jokes to passthe weary time, and some of them could have been of that sort, though ihad honestly supposed that they were new when i made them.
she asked meif i had made one just at the time of the catastrophe.
i was obliged toadmit that i had made one to myself, though not aloud.
it was this.
iwas thinking about the falls, and i said to myself, "how wonderful it isto see that vast body of water tumble down there!"
then in an instant abright thought flashed into my head, and i let it fly, saying, "it wouldbe a deal more wonderful to see it tumble up there!"
--and i was justabout to kill myself with laughing at it when all nature broke loosein war and death and i had to flee for my life.
"there," she said, withtriumph, "that is just it; the serpent mentioned that very jest, andcalled it the first chestnut, and said it was coeval with the creation."
alas, i am indeed to blame.
would that i were not witty; oh, that i hadnever had that radiant thought!
next year.--we have named it cain.
she caught it while i was up countrytrapping on the north shore of the erie; caught it in the timber acouple of miles from our dug-out--or it might have been four, she isn'tcertain which.
it resembles us in some ways, and may be a relation.
thatis what she thinks, but this is an error, in my judgment.
the differencein size warrants the conclusion that it is a different and new kind ofanimal--a fish, perhaps, though when i put it in the water to see,it sank, and she plunged in and snatched it out before there wasopportunity for the experiment to determine the matter.
i still think itis a fish, but she is indifferent about what it is, and will not letme have it to try.
i do not understand this.
the coming of the creatureseems to have changed her whole nature and made her unreasonable aboutexperiments.
she thinks more of it than she does of any of theother animals, but is not able to explain why.
her mind isdisordered--everything shows it.
sometimes she carries the fish in herarms half the night when it complains and wants to get to the water.
atsuch times the water comes out of the places in her face that she looksout of, and she pats the fish on the back and makes soft sounds with hermouth to soothe it, and betrays sorrow and solicitude in a hundred ways.
i have never seen her do like this with any other fish, and it troublesme greatly.
she used to carry the young tigers around so, and play withthem, before we lost our property, but it was only play; she never tookon about them like this when their dinner disagreed with them.
sunday.--she doesn't work, sundays, but lies around all tired out, andlikes to have the fish wallow over her; and she makes fool noises toamuse it, and pretends to chew its paws, and that makes it laugh.
i havenot seen a fish before that could laugh.
this makes me doubt.... i havecome to like sunday myself.
superintending all the week tires a body so.
there ought to be more sundays.
in the old days they were tough, but nowthey come handy.
wednesday.--it isn't a fish.
i cannot quite make out what it is.
itmakes curious devilish noises when not satisfied, and says "goo-goo"when it is.
it is not one of us, for it doesn't walk; it is not a bird,for it doesn't fly; it is not a frog, for it doesn't hop; it is nota snake, for it doesn't crawl; i feel sure it is not a fish, though icannot get a chance to find out whether it can swim or not.
it merelylies around, and mostly on its back, with its feet up.
i have not seenany other animal do that before.
i said i believed it was an enigma; butshe only admired the word without understanding it.
in my judgment it iseither an enigma or some kind of a bug.
if it dies, i will take it apartand see what its arrangements are.
i never had a thing perplex me so.
three months later.--the perplexity augments instead of diminishing.
isleep but little.
it has ceased from lying around, and goes about onits four legs now.
yet it differs from the other four legged animals,in that its front legs are unusually short, consequently this causes themain part of its person to stick up uncomfortably high in the air, andthis is not attractive.
it is built much as we are, but its method oftraveling shows that it is not of our breed.
the short front legs andlong hind ones indicate that it is a of the kangaroo family, but it is amarked variation of that species, since the true kangaroo hops, whereasthis one never does.
still it is a curious and interesting variety,and has not been catalogued before.
as i discovered it, i have feltjustified in securing the credit of the discovery by attaching my nameto it, and hence have called it kangaroorum adamiensis.... it must havebeen a young one when it came, for it has grown exceedingly since.
itmust be five times as big, now, as it was then, and when discontented itis able to make from twenty-two to thirty-eight times the noise it madeat first.
coercion does not modify this, but has the contrary effect.
for this reason i discontinued the system.
she reconciles it bypersuasion, and by giving it things which she had previously told me shewouldn't give it.
as already observed, i was not at home when it firstcame, and she told me she found it in the woods.
it seems odd that itshould be the only one, yet it must be so, for i have worn myself outthese many weeks trying to find another one to add to my collection, andfor this to play with; for surely then it would be quieter and wecould tame it more easily.
but i find none, nor any vestige of any; andstrangest of all, no tracks.
it has to live on the ground, it cannothelp itself; therefore, how does it get about without leaving a track?
i have set a dozen traps, but they do no good.
i catch all small animalsexcept that one; animals that merely go into the trap out of curiosity,i think, to see what the milk is there for.
they never drink it.
three months later.--the kangaroo still continues to grow, which isvery strange and perplexing.
i never knew one to be so long getting itsgrowth.
it has fur on its head now; not like kangaroo fur, but exactlylike our hair except that it is much finer and softer, and instead ofbeing black is red.
i am like to lose my mind over the capricious andharassing developments of this unclassifiable zoological freak.
if icould catch another one--but that is hopeless; it is a new variety, andthe only sample; this is plain.
but i caught a true kangaroo and broughtit in, thinking that this one, being lonesome, would rather have thatfor company than have no kin at all, or any animal it could feel anearness to or get sympathy from in its forlorn condition here amongstrangers who do not know its ways or habits, or what to do to make itfeel that it is among friends; but it was a mistake--it went into suchfits at the sight of the kangaroo that i was convinced it had never seenone before.
i pity the poor noisy little animal, but there is nothingi can do to make it happy.
if i could tame it--but that is out of thequestion; the more i try the worse i seem to make it.
it grieves me tothe heart to see it in its little storms of sorrow and passion.
i wantedto let it go, but she wouldn't hear of it.
that seemed cruel and notlike her; and yet she may be right.
it might be lonelier than ever; forsince i cannot find another one, how could it?
five months later.--it is not a kangaroo.
no, for it supports itself byholding to her finger, and thus goes a few steps on its hind legs, andthen falls down.
it is probably some kind of a bear; and yet it hasno tail--as yet--and no fur, except upon its head.
it still keeps ongrowing--that is a curious circumstance, for bears get their growthearlier than this.
bears are dangerous--since our catastrophe--and ishall not be satisfied to have this one prowling about the place muchlonger without a muzzle on.
i have offered to get her a kangaroo if shewould let this one go, but it did no good--she is determined to run usinto all sorts of foolish risks, i think.
she was not like this beforeshe lost her mind.
a fortnight later.--i examined its mouth.
there is no danger yet: it hasonly one tooth.
it has no tail yet.
it makes more noise now than it everdid before--and mainly at night.
i have moved out.
but i shall go over,mornings, to breakfast, and see if it has more teeth.
if it gets amouthful of teeth it will be time for it to go, tail or no tail, for abear does not need a tail in order to be dangerous.
four months later.--i have been off hunting and fishing a month, upin the region that she calls buffalo; i don't know why, unless it isbecause there are not any buffaloes there.
meantime the bear has learnedto paddle around all by itself on its hind legs, and says "poppa" and"momma."
it is certainly a new species.
this resemblance to words maybe purely accidental, of course, and may have no purpose or meaning;but even in that case it is still extraordinary, and is a thing which noother bear can do.
this imitation of speech, taken together with generalabsence of fur and entire absence of tail, sufficiently indicates thatthis is a new kind of bear.
the further study of it will be exceedinglyinteresting.
meantime i will go off on a far expedition among theforests of the north and make an exhaustive search.
there must certainlybe another one somewhere, and this one will be less dangerous when ithas company of its own species.
i will go straightway; but i will muzzlethis one first.
three months later.--it has been a weary, weary hunt, yet i have had nosuccess.
in the mean time, without stirring from the home estate, shehas caught another one!
i never saw such luck.
i might have hunted thesewoods a hundred years, i never would have run across that thing.
next day.--i have been comparing the new one with the old one, and itis perfectly plain that they are of the same breed.
i was going to stuffone of them for my collection, but she is prejudiced against it for somereason or other; so i have relinquished the idea, though i think it isa mistake.
it would be an irreparable loss to science if they shouldget away.
the old one is tamer than it was and can laugh and talk likea parrot, having learned this, no doubt, from being with the parrot somuch, and having the imitative faculty in a high developed degree.
ishall be astonished if it turns out to be a new kind of parrot; and yeti ought not to be astonished, for it has already been everything else itcould think of since those first days when it was a fish.
the new one isas ugly as the old one was at first; has the same sulphur-and-raw-meatcomplexion and the same singular head without any fur on it.
she callsit abel.
ten years later.--they are boys; we found it out long ago.
it was theircoming in that small immature shape that puzzled us; we were not used toit.
there are some girls now.
abel is a good boy, but if cain had stayeda bear it would have improved him.
after all these years, i see that iwas mistaken about eve in the beginning; it is better to live outsidethe garden with her than inside it without her.
at first i thoughtshe talked too much; but now i should be sorry to have that voice fallsilent and pass out of my life.
blessed be the chestnut that brought usnear together and taught me to know the goodness of her heart and thesweetness of her spirit!
eve's diarytranslated from the originalsaturday.--i am almost a whole day old, now.
i arrived yesterday.
that is as it seems to me.
and it must be so, for if there was aday-before-yesterday i was not there when it happened, or i shouldremember it.
it could be, of course, that it did happen, and that iwas not noticing.
very well; i will be very watchful now, and if anyday-before-yesterdays happen i will make a note of it.
it will be bestto start right and not let the record get confused, for some instincttells me that these details are going to be important to the historiansome day.
for i feel like an experiment, i feel exactly like anexperiment; it would be impossible for a person to feel more like anexperiment than i do, and so i am coming to feel convinced that that iswhat i am--an experiment; just an experiment, and nothing more.
then if i am an experiment, am i the whole of it?
no, i think not; ithink the rest of it is part of it.
i am the main part of it, buti think the rest of it has its share in the matter.
is my positionassured, or do i have to watch it and take care of it?
some instinct tells me that eternal vigilance is the price ofsupremacy.
(that is a good phrase, i think, for one so young.)
everything looks better today than it did yesterday.
in the rush offinishing up yesterday, the mountains were left in a ragged condition,and some of the plains were so cluttered with rubbish and remnants thatthe aspects were quite distressing.
noble and beautiful works of artshould not be subjected to haste; and this majestic new world is indeeda most noble and beautiful work.
and certainly marvelously near to beingperfect, notwithstanding the shortness of the time.
there are too manystars in some places and not enough in others, but that can be remediedpresently, no doubt.
the moon got loose last night, and slid down andfell out of the scheme--a very great loss; it breaks my heart to thinkof it.
there isn't another thing among the ornaments and decorationsthat is comparable to it for beauty and finish.
it should have beenfastened better.
if we can only get it back again--but of course there is no telling where it went to.
and besides, whoevergets it will hide it; i know it because i would do it myself.
i believei can be honest in all other matters, but i already begin to realizethat the core and center of my nature is love of the beautiful, apassion for the beautiful, and that it would not be safe to trust mewith a moon that belonged to another person and that person didn't knowi had it.
i could give up a moon that i found in the daytime, because ishould be afraid some one was looking; but if i found it in the dark,i am sure i should find some kind of an excuse for not saying anythingabout it.
for i do love moons, they are so pretty and so romantic.
iwish we had five or six; i would never go to bed; i should never gettired lying on the moss-bank and looking up at them.
stars are good, too.
i wish i could get some to put in my hair.
but isuppose i never can.
you would be surprised to find how far off theyare, for they do not look it.
when they first showed, last night,i tried to knock some down with a pole, but it didn't reach, whichastonished me; then i tried clods till i was all tired out, but i nevergot one.
it was because i am left-handed and cannot throw good.
evenwhen i aimed at the one i wasn't after i couldn't hit the other one,though i did make some close shots, for i saw the black blot of the clodsail right into the midst of the golden clusters forty or fifty times,just barely missing them, and if i could have held out a little longermaybe i could have got one.
so i cried a little, which was natural, i suppose, for one of my age,and after i was rested i got a basket and started for a place on theextreme rim of the circle, where the stars were close to the ground andi could get them with my hands, which would be better, anyway, because icould gather them tenderly then, and not break them.
but it was fartherthan i thought, and at last i had go give it up; i was so tired icouldn't drag my feet another step; and besides, they were sore and hurtme very much.
i couldn't get back home; it was too far and turning cold; but i foundsome tigers and nestled in among them and was most adorably comfortable,and their breath was sweet and pleasant, because they live onstrawberries.
i had never seen a tiger before, but i knew them in aminute by the stripes.
if i could have one of those skins, it would makea lovely gown.
today i am getting better ideas about distances.
i was so eager to gethold of every pretty thing that i giddily grabbed for it, sometimes whenit was too far off, and sometimes when it was but six inches away butseemed a foot--alas, with thorns between!
i learned a lesson; also imade an axiom, all out of my own head--my very first one; the scratchedexperiment shuns the thorn.
i think it is a very good one for one soyoung.
i followed the other experiment around, yesterday afternoon, at adistance, to see what it might be for, if i could.
but i was not ableto make out.
i think it is a man.
i had never seen a man, but it lookedlike one, and i feel sure that that is what it is.
i realize that i feelmore curiosity about it than about any of the other reptiles.
if it is areptile, and i suppose it is; for it has frowzy hair and blue eyes, andlooks like a reptile.
it has no hips; it tapers like a carrot; whenit stands, it spreads itself apart like a derrick; so i think it is areptile, though it may be architecture.
i was afraid of it at first, and started to run every time it turnedaround, for i thought it was going to chase me; but by and by i found itwas only trying to get away, so after that i was not timid any more, buttracked it along, several hours, about twenty yards behind, which madeit nervous and unhappy.
at last it was a good deal worried, and climbeda tree.
i waited a good while, then gave it up and went home.
today the same thing over.
i've got it up the tree again.
sunday.--it is up there yet.
but that is asubterfuge: sunday isn't the day of rest; saturday is appointed forthat.
it looks to me like a creature that is more interested in restingthan it anything else.
it would tire me to rest so much.
it tires mejust to sit around and watch the tree.
i do wonder what it is for; inever see it do anything.
they returned the moon last night, and i was so happy!
i think it isvery honest of them.
it slid down and fell off again, but i wasnot distressed; there is no need to worry when one has that kind ofneighbors; they will fetch it back.
i wish i could do something to showmy appreciation.
i would like to send them some stars, for we have morethan we can use.
i mean i, not we, for i can see that the reptile caresnothing for such things.
it has low tastes, and is not kind.
when i went there yesterday eveningin the gloaming it had crept down and was trying to catch the littlespeckled fishes that play in the pool, and i had to clod it to make itgo up the tree again and let them alone.
i wonder if that is what itis for?
hasn't it any heart?
hasn't it any compassion for those littlecreature?
can it be that it was designed and manufactured for suchungentle work?
it has the look of it.
one of the clods took it back ofthe ear, and it used language.
it gave me a thrill, for it was the firsttime i had ever heard speech, except my own.
i did not understand thewords, but they seemed expressive.
when i found it could talk i felt a new interest in it, for i love totalk; i talk, all day, and in my sleep, too, and i am very interesting,but if i had another to talk to i could be twice as interesting, andwould never stop, if desired.
if this reptile is a man, it isn't an it, is it?
that wouldn't begrammatical, would it?
i think it would be he.
i think so.
in that caseone would parse it thus: nominative, he; dative, him; possessive, his'n.
well, i will consider it a man and call it he until it turns out to besomething else.
this will be handier than having so many uncertainties.
next week sunday.--all the week i tagged around after him and triedto get acquainted.
i had to do the talking, because he was shy, buti didn't mind it.
he seemed pleased to have me around, and i usedthe sociable "we" a good deal, because it seemed to flatter him to beincluded.
wednesday.--we are getting along very well indeed, now, and gettingbetter and better acquainted.
he does not try to avoid me any more,which is a good sign, and shows that he likes to have me with him.
thatpleases me, and i study to be useful to him in every way i can, so asto increase his regard.
during the last day or two i have taken all thework of naming things off his hands, and this has been a great relief tohim, for he has no gift in that line, and is evidently very grateful.
he can't think of a rational name to save him, but i do not let him seethat i am aware of his defect.
whenever a new creature comes along iname it before he has time to expose himself by an awkward silence.
inthis way i have saved him many embarrassments.
i have no defect likethis.
the minute i set eyes on an animal i know what it is.
i don't haveto reflect a moment; the right name comes out instantly, just as if itwere an inspiration, as no doubt it is, for i am sure it wasn't in mehalf a minute before.
i seem to know just by the shape of the creatureand the way it acts what animal it is.
when the dodo came along he thought it was a wildcat--i saw it in hiseye.
but i saved him.
and i was careful not to do it in a way thatcould hurt his pride.
i just spoke up in a quite natural way of pleasingsurprise, and not as if i was dreaming of conveying information,and said, "well, i do declare, if there isn't the dodo!"
iexplained--without seeming to be explaining--how i know it for a dodo,and although i thought maybe he was a little piqued that i knew thecreature when he didn't, it was quite evident that he admired me.
that was very agreeable, and i thought of it more than once withgratification before i slept.
how little a thing can make us happy whenwe feel that we have earned it!
thursday.--my first sorrow.
yesterday he avoided me and seemed to wishi would not talk to him.
i could not believe it, and thought there wassome mistake, for i loved to be with him, and loved to hear him talk,and so how could it be that he could feel unkind toward me when i hadnot done anything?
but at last it seemed true, so i went away and satlonely in the place where i first saw him the morning that we were madeand i did not know what he was and was indifferent about him; but now itwas a mournful place, and every little think spoke of him, and myheart was very sore.
i did not know why very clearly, for it was a newfeeling; i had not experienced it before, and it was all a mystery, andi could not make it out.
but when night came i could not bear the lonesomeness, and went to thenew shelter which he has built, to ask him what i had done that waswrong and how i could mend it and get back his kindness again; but heput me out in the rain, and it was my first sorrow.
sunday.--it is pleasant again, now, and i am happy; but those were heavydays; i do not think of them when i can help it.
i tried to get him some of those apples, but i cannot learn to throwstraight.
i failed, but i think the good intention pleased him.
theyare forbidden, and he says i shall come to harm; but so i come to harmthrough pleasing him, why shall i care for that harm?
monday.--this morning i told him my name, hoping it would interest him.
but he did not care for it.
it is strange.
if he should tell me hisname, i would care.
i think it would be pleasanter in my ears than anyother sound.
he talks very little.
perhaps it is because he is not bright, and issensitive about it and wishes to conceal it.
it is such a pity that heshould feel so, for brightness is nothing; it is in the heart that thevalues lie.
i wish i could make him understand that a loving good heartis riches, and riches enough, and that without it intellect is poverty.
although he talks so little, he has quite a considerable vocabulary.
this morning he used a surprisingly good word.
he evidently recognized,himself, that it was a good one, for he worked in in twice afterward,casually.
it was good casual art, still it showed that he possesses acertain quality of perception.
without a doubt that seed can be made togrow, if cultivated.
where did he get that word?
i do not think i have ever used it.
no, he took no interest in my name.
i tried to hide my disappointment,but i suppose i did not succeed.
i went away and sat on the moss-bankwith my feet in the water.
it is where i go when i hunger forcompanionship, some one to look at, some one to talk to.
it is notenough--that lovely white body painted there in the pool--but it issomething, and something is better than utter loneliness.
it talks wheni talk; it is sad when i am sad; it comforts me with its sympathy; itsays, "do not be downhearted, you poor friendless girl; i will be yourfriend."
it is a good friend to me, and my only one; it is my sister.
that first time that she forsook me!
ah, i shall never forgetthat--never, never.
my heart was lead in my body!
i said, "she was alli had, and now she is gone!"
in my despair i said, "break, my heart; icannot bear my life any more!"
and hid my face in my hands, and therewas no solace for me.
and when i took them away, after a little, thereshe was again, white and shining and beautiful, and i sprang into herarms!
that was perfect happiness; i had known happiness before, but it was notlike this, which was ecstasy.
i never doubted her afterward.
sometimesshe stayed away--maybe an hour, maybe almost the whole day, but i waitedand did not doubt; i said, "she is busy, or she is gone on a journey,but she will come."
and it was so: she always did.
at night she wouldnot come if it was dark, for she was a timid little thing; but if therewas a moon she would come.
i am not afraid of the dark, but she isyounger than i am; she was born after i was.
many and many are thevisits i have paid her; she is my comfort and my refuge when my life ishard--and it is mainly that.
tuesday.--all the morning i was at work improving the estate; and ipurposely kept away from him in the hope that he would get lonely andcome.
but he did not.
at noon i stopped for the day and took my recreation by flitting allabout with the bees and the butterflies and reveling in the flowers,those beautiful creatures that catch the smile of god out of the sky andpreserve it!
i gathered them, and made them into wreaths and garlandsand clothed myself in them while i ate my luncheon--apples, of course;then i sat in the shade and wished and waited.
but he did not come.
but no matter.
nothing would have come of it, for he does not care forflowers.
he called them rubbish, and cannot tell one from another, andthinks it is superior to feel like that.
he does not care for me, hedoes not care for flowers, he does not care for the painted sky ateventide--is there anything he does care for, except building shacks tocoop himself up in from the good clean rain, and thumping the melons,and sampling the grapes, and fingering the fruit on the trees, to seehow those properties are coming along?
i laid a dry stick on the ground and tried to bore a hole in it withanother one, in order to carry out a scheme that i had, and soon i gotan awful fright.
a thin, transparent bluish film rose out of the hole,and i dropped everything and ran!
i thought it was a spirit, and i wasso frightened!
but i looked back, and it was not coming; so i leanedagainst a rock and rested and panted, and let my limps go on tremblinguntil they got steady again; then i crept warily back, alert, watching,and ready to fly if there was occasion; and when i was come near, iparted the branches of a rose-bush and peeped through--wishing the manwas about, i was looking so cunning and pretty--but the sprite was gone.
i went there, and there was a pinch of delicate pink dust in the hole.
i put my finger in, to feel it, and said ouch!
and took it out again.
itwas a cruel pain.
i put my finger in my mouth; and by standing first onone foot and then the other, and grunting, i presently eased my misery;then i was full of interest, and began to examine.
i was curious to know what the pink dust was.
suddenly the name of itoccurred to me, though i had never heard of it before.
it was fire!
iwas as certain of it as a person could be of anything in the world.
sowithout hesitation i named it that--fire.
i had created something that didn't exist before; i had added a newthing to the world's uncountable properties; i realized this, and wasproud of my achievement, and was going to run and find him and tell himabout it, thinking to raise myself in his esteem--but i reflected, anddid not do it.
no--he would not care for it.
he would ask what it wasgood for, and what could i answer?
for if it was not good for something,but only beautiful, merely beautiful-- so i sighed, and did not go.
forit wasn't good for anything; it could not build a shack, it could notimprove melons, it could not hurry a fruit crop; it was useless, it wasa foolishness and a vanity; he would despise it and say cutting words.
but to me it was not despicable; i said, "oh, you fire, i love you, youdainty pink creature, for you are beautiful--and that is enough!"
andwas going to gather it to my breast.
then i made anothermaxim out of my head, though it was so nearly like the first one thati was afraid it was only a plagiarism: "the burnt experiment shuns thefire."
i wrought again; and when i had made a good deal of fire-dust i emptiedit into a handful of dry brown grass, intending to carry it home andkeep it always and play with it; but the wind struck it and it sprayedup and spat out at me fiercely, and i dropped it and ran.
when i lookedback the blue spirit was towering up and stretching and rolling awaylike a cloud, and instantly i thought of the name of it--smoke!--though,upon my word, i had never heard of smoke before.
soon brilliant yellow and red flares shot up through the smoke, and inamed them in an instant--flames--and i was right, too, though thesewere the very first flames that had ever been in the world.
they climbedthe trees, then flashed splendidly in and out of the vast and increasingvolume of tumbling smoke, and i had to clap my hands and laugh anddance in my rapture, it was so new and strange and so wonderful and sobeautiful!
he came running, and stopped and gazed, and said not a word for manyminutes.
then he asked what it was.
ah, it was too bad that he shouldask such a direct question.
i had to answer it, of course, and i did.
isaid it was fire.
if it annoyed him that i should know and he must ask;that was not my fault; i had no desire to annoy him.
after a pause heasked:"how did it come?"
another direct question, and it also had to have a direct answer.
"i made it."
the fire was traveling farther and farther off.
he went to the edge ofthe burned place and stood looking down, and said:"what are these?"
he picked up one to examine it, but changed his mind and put it downagain.
then he went away.
nothing interests him.
but i was interested.
there were ashes, gray and soft and delicateand pretty--i knew what they were at once.
and the embers; i knew theembers, too.
i found my apples, and raked them out, and was glad; fori am very young and my appetite is active.
but i was disappointed; theywere all burst open and spoiled.
spoiled apparently; but it was not so;they were better than raw ones.
fire is beautiful; some day it will beuseful, i think.
friday.--i saw him again, for a moment, last monday at nightfall, butonly for a moment.
i was hoping he would praise me for trying to improvethe estate, for i had meant well and had worked hard.
but he was notpleased, and turned away and left me.
he was also displeased on anotheraccount: i tried once more to persuade him to stop going over the falls.
that was because the fire had revealed to me a new passion--quite new,and distinctly different from love, grief, and those others which ihad already discovered--fear.
and it is horrible!--i wish i had neverdiscovered it; it gives me dark moments, it spoils my happiness, itmakes me shiver and tremble and shudder.
but i could not persuade him,for he has not discovered fear yet, and so he could not understand me.
extract from adam's diaryperhaps i ought to remember that she is very young, a mere girl and makeallowances.
she is all interest, eagerness, vivacity, the world is toher a charm, a wonder, a mystery, a joy; she can't speak for delightwhen she finds a new flower, she must pet it and caress it and smellit and talk to it, and pour out endearing names upon it.
and she iscolor-mad: brown rocks, yellow sand, gray moss, green foliage, blue sky;the pearl of the dawn, the purple shadows on the mountains, the goldenislands floating in crimson seas at sunset, the pallid moon sailingthrough the shredded cloud-rack, the star-jewels glittering in thewastes of space--none of them is of any practical value, so far as i cansee, but because they have color and majesty, that is enough for her,and she loses her mind over them.
if she could quiet down and keep stilla couple minutes at a time, it would be a reposeful spectacle.
in thatcase i think i could enjoy looking at her; indeed i am sure i could,for i am coming to realize that she is a quite remarkably comelycreature--lithe, slender, trim, rounded, shapely, nimble, graceful; andonce when she was standing marble-white and sun-drenched on a boulder,with her young head tilted back and her hand shading her eyes, watchingthe flight of a bird in the sky, i recognized that she was beautiful.
monday noon.--if there is anything on the planet that she is notinterested in it is not in my list.
there are animals that i amindifferent to, but it is not so with her.
she has no discrimination,she takes to all of them, she thinks they are all treasures, every newone is welcome.
when the mighty brontosaurus came striding into camp, she regarded it asan acquisition, i considered it a calamity; that is a good sample ofthe lack of harmony that prevails in our views of things.
she wanted todomesticate it, i wanted to make it a present of the homestead and moveout.
she believed it could be tamed by kind treatment and would be agood pet; i said a pet twenty-one feet high and eighty-four feet longwould be no proper thing to have about the place, because, even with thebest intentions and without meaning any harm, it could sit down on thehouse and mash it, for any one could see by the look of its eye that itwas absent-minded.
still, her heart was set upon having that monster, and she couldn't giveit up.
she thought we could start a dairy with it, and wanted me to helpmilk it; but i wouldn't; it was too risky.
the sex wasn't right, and wehadn't any ladder anyway.
then she wanted to ride it, and look at thescenery.
thirty or forty feet of its tail was lying on the ground, likea fallen tree, and she thought she could climb it, but she was mistaken;when she got to the steep place it was too slick and down she came, andwould have hurt herself but for me.
was she satisfied now?
nothing ever satisfies her but demonstration;untested theories are not in her line, and she won't have them.
it isthe right spirit, i concede it; it attracts me; i feel the influence ofit; if i were with her more i think i should take it up myself.
well,she had one theory remaining about this colossus: she thought that if wecould tame it and make him friendly we could stand in the river anduse him for a bridge.
it turned out that he was already plenty tameenough--at least as far as she was concerned--so she tried her theory,but it failed: every time she got him properly placed in the river andwent ashore to cross over him, he came out and followed her around likea pet mountain.
like the other animals.
they all do that.
friday.--tuesday--wednesday--thursday--and today: all without seeinghim.
it is a long time to be alone; still, it is better to be alone thanunwelcome.
i had to have company--i was made for it, i think--so i made friendswith the animals.
they are just charming, and they have the kindestdisposition and the politest ways; they never look sour, they never letyou feel that you are intruding, they smile at you and wag their tail,if they've got one, and they are always ready for a romp or an excursionor anything you want to propose.
i think they are perfect gentlemen.
allthese days we have had such good times, and it hasn't been lonesome forme, ever.
no, i should say not.
why, there's always a swarmof them around--sometimes as much as four or five acres--you can't countthem; and when you stand on a rock in the midst and look out over thefurry expanse it is so mottled and splashed and gay with color andfrisking sheen and sun-flash, and so rippled with stripes, that youmight think it was a lake, only you know it isn't; and there's stormsof sociable birds, and hurricanes of whirring wings; and when the sunstrikes all that feathery commotion, you have a blazing up of all thecolors you can think of, enough to put your eyes out.
we have made long excursions, and i have seen a great deal of the world;almost all of it, i think; and so i am the first traveler, and the onlyone.
when we are on the march, it is an imposing sight--there's nothinglike it anywhere.
for comfort i ride a tiger or a leopard, because it issoft and has a round back that fits me, and because they are such prettyanimals; but for long distance or for scenery i ride the elephant.
hehoists me up with his trunk, but i can get off myself; when we are readyto camp, he sits and i slide down the back way.
the birds and animals are all friendly to each other, and there are nodisputes about anything.
they all talk, and they all talk to me, but itmust be a foreign language, for i cannot make out a word they say; yetthey often understand me when i talk back, particularly the dog and theelephant.
it makes me ashamed.
it shows that they are brighter than iam, for i want to be the principal experiment myself--and i intend tobe, too.
i have learned a number of things, and am educated, now, but i wasn't atfirst.
i was ignorant at first.
at first it used to vex me because, withall my watching, i was never smart enough to be around when the waterwas running uphill; but now i do not mind it.
i have experimented andexperimented until now i know it never does run uphill, except in thedark.
i know it does in the dark, because the pool never goes dry, whichit would, of course, if the water didn't come back in the night.
it isbest to prove things by actual experiment; then you know; whereas ifyou depend on guessing and supposing and conjecturing, you never geteducated.
some things you can't find out; but you will never know you can'tby guessing and supposing: no, you have to be patient and go onexperimenting until you find out that you can't find out.
and it isdelightful to have it that way, it makes the world so interesting.
ifthere wasn't anything to find out, it would be dull.
even trying to findout and not finding out is just as interesting as trying to find out andfinding out, and i don't know but more so.
the secret of the water wasa treasure until i got it; then the excitement all went away, and irecognized a sense of loss.
by experiment i know that wood swims, and dry leaves, and feathers, andplenty of other things; therefore by all that cumulative evidence youknow that a rock will swim; but you have to put up with simply knowingit, for there isn't any way to prove it--up to now.
but i shall find away--then that excitement will go.
such things make me sad; becauseby and by when i have found out everything there won't be any moreexcitements, and i do love excitements so!
the other night i couldn'tsleep for thinking about it.
at first i couldn't make out what i was made for, but now i think it wasto search out the secrets of this wonderful world and be happy and thankthe giver of it all for devising it.
i think there are many things tolearn yet--i hope so; and by economizing and not hurrying too fast ithink they will last weeks and weeks.
i hope so.
when you cast up afeather it sails away on the air and goes out of sight; then you throwup a clod and it doesn't.
it comes down, every time.
i have tried it andtried it, and it is always so.
i wonder why it is?
of course it doesn'tcome down, but why should it seem to?
i suppose it is an opticalillusion.
i mean, one of them is.
i don't know which one.
it may bethe feather, it may be the clod; i can't prove which it is, i can onlydemonstrate that one or the other is a fake, and let a person take hischoice.
by watching, i know that the stars are not going to last.
i have seensome of the best ones melt and run down the sky.
since one can melt,they can all melt; since they can all melt, they can all melt the samenight.
that sorrow will come--i know it.
i mean to sit up every nightand look at them as long as i can keep awake; and i will impress thosesparkling fields on my memory, so that by and by when they are takenaway i can by my fancy restore those lovely myriads to the black sky andmake them sparkle again, and double them by the blur of my tears.
after the fallwhen i look back, the garden is a dream to me.
it was beautiful,surpassingly beautiful, enchantingly beautiful; and now it is lost, andi shall not see it any more.
the garden is lost, but i have found him, and am content.
he loves meas well as he can; i love him with all the strength of my passionatenature, and this, i think, is proper to my youth and sex.
if i askmyself why i love him, i find i do not know, and do not really muchcare to know; so i suppose that this kind of love is not a productof reasoning and statistics, like one's love for other reptiles andanimals.
i think that this must be so.
i love certain birds because oftheir song; but i do not love adam on account of his singing--no, it isnot that; the more he sings the more i do not get reconciled to it.
yet i ask him to sing, because i wish to learn to like everything he isinterested in.
i am sure i can learn, because at first i could not standit, but now i can.
it sours the milk, but it doesn't matter; i can getused to that kind of milk.
it is not on account of his brightness that i love him--no, it is notthat.
he is not to blame for his brightness, such as it is, for he didnot make it himself; he is as god make him, and that is sufficient.
there was a wise purpose in it, that i know.
in time it will develop,though i think it will not be sudden; and besides, there is no hurry; heis well enough just as he is.
it is not on account of his gracious and considerate ways and hisdelicacy that i love him.
no, he has lacks in this regard, but he iswell enough just so, and is improving.
it is not on account of his industry that i love him--no, it is notthat.
i think he has it in him, and i do not know why he conceals itfrom me.
it is my only pain.
otherwise he is frank and open with me,now.
i am sure he keeps nothing from me but this.
it grieves me that heshould have a secret from me, and sometimes it spoils my sleep, thinkingof it, but i will put it out of my mind; it shall not trouble myhappiness, which is otherwise full to overflowing.
it is not on account of his education that i love him--no, it is notthat.
he is self-educated, and does really know a multitude of things,but they are not so.
it is not on account of his chivalry that i love him--no, it is notthat.
he told on me, but i do not blame him; it is a peculiarity of sex,i think, and he did not make his sex.
of course i would not have told onhim, i would have perished first; but that is a peculiarity of sex, too,and i do not take credit for it, for i did not make my sex.
then why is it that i love him?
merely because he is masculine, i think.
at bottom he is good, and i love him for that, but i could love himwithout it.
if he should beat me and abuse me, i should go on lovinghim.
i know it.
it is a matter of sex, i think.
he is strong and handsome, and i love him for that, and i admire himand am proud of him, but i could love him without those qualities.
hehe were plain, i should love him; if he were a wreck, i should lovehim; and i would work for him, and slave over him, and pray for him, andwatch by his bedside until i died.
yes, i think i love him merely because he is mine and is masculine.
there is no other reason, i suppose.
and so i think it is as i firstsaid: that this kind of love is not a product of reasonings andstatistics.
it just comes--none knows whence--and cannot explain itself.
and doesn't need to.
it is what i think.
but i am only a girl, the first that has examinedthis matter, and it may turn out that in my ignorance and inexperience ihave not got it right.
forty years laterit is my prayer, it is my longing, that we may pass from this lifetogether--a longing which shall never perish from the earth, but shallhave place in the heart of every wife that loves, until the end of time;and it shall be called by my name.
but if one of us must go first, it is my prayer that it shall be i;for he is strong, i am weak, i am not so necessary to him as he is tome--life without him would not be life; now could i endure it?
thisprayer is also immortal, and will not cease from being offered up whilemy race continues.
i am the first wife; and in the last wife i shall berepeated.
at eve's graveadam: wheresoever she was, there was eden.
