"yes, she must go to school!"
repeated mr chester.
a plaintive sob greeted his words from the neighbourhood of the sofa.
for once in her life mrs chester's kindly, good-tempered face had lostits smiles, and was puckered up into lines of distress.
she let onefat, be-ringed hand drop to her side and wander restlessly over thesatin skirt in search of a pocket.
presently out came a handkerchief,which was applied to each eye in turn, and came away bedewed with tears.
"it will break my heart to part from her!"
her husbandlaughed with masculine scepticism.
"oh, nonsense, dear," he said; "hearts are not so easily broken.
youare too sensible to grieve over what is for the child's good, and willget used to the separation, as other mothers have done before you.
itwill be the making of rhoda to leave home for a few years, to mix withother girls, and find her level.
she is getting an altogetherexaggerated idea of her own importance!"
"her level, indeed!
find her level!
i should like to know the schoolwhere you could find another girl like her!"
cried the mother, in a tonewhich showed plainly enough who was responsible for miss rhoda'sconceit.
the tears dried on her face for very indignation, and she satupright in her seat, staring across the room.
it was a gorgeous apartment, this drawing-room of erley chase, theresidence of henry chester, esquire, and marianne his wife; a gorgeousroom in the literal acceptance of the term, for each separate article offurniture looked as if it had been chosen more from the fact of itsintrinsic value than for its usefulness or beauty.
mr chester, the son of a country clergyman, had considered himselfpassing rich when a manufacturer uncle took him into his employ, at asalary of £400 a year.
the first thing he did after this position wasassured was to marry his old love, the daughter of the village doctor,with whom he had played since childhood; and the young couple spent thefirst dozen years of their married lives very happily and contentedly ina little house in a smoky manufacturing town.
the bachelor uncle wasproud of his clever nephew and fond of the cheery little wife, who wasalways kind and thoughtful even when gout and a naturally irritabletemper goaded him into conduct the reverse of amiable.
when harold wasborn, and christened after himself, he presented the child with a silvermug, and remarked that he hoped he would turn out better than most youngmen, and not break his parents' hearts as a return for their goodness.
when jim followed, the mug was not forthcoming; but when little rhodamade her appearance six years later he gave her a rattle, and trustedthat she would improve in looks as she grew older, since he neverremembered seeing an uglier baby.
he was certainly neither a graciousnor a liberal old gentleman, but the young couple were blessed withcontented minds and moderate ambitions, so they laughed good-naturedlyat his crusty speeches, and considered themselves rich, inasmuch as theywere able to pay their way and were spared anxiety for the future.
andthen an extraordinary thing happened!
the old man died suddenly, andleft to his beloved nephew a fortune which, even in these days ofmillionaires, might truthfully be called enormous.
henry chester couldnot believe the lawyers when the amount of his new wealth was broken tohim, for his uncle had lived so unostentatiously that he had had no ideaof the magnitude of his savings.
the little wife, who had never knownwhat it was to spend sixpence carelessly in all her thirty-five years,grew quite hysterical with excitement when an arithmetical calculationproved to her the daily riches at her disposal; but she recovered hercomposure with wonderful celerity, and expressed her intention ofenjoying the goods which the gods had sent her.
no poking in gloomytown houses after this!
no hoarding of riches as the poor old uncle haddone, while denying himself the common comforts of life!
she herselfhad been economical from a sense of duty only, for her instincts wereall for lavishness and generosity--and now, now!
did not henry feel ita provision of providence that erley chase was empty, and, as it were,waiting for their occupation?
her husband gasped at the audacity of the idea.
the finestplace around, one of the largest properties in the county, and mariannesuggested that he should take it!
that he should remove from his fifty-pound house into that stately old pile!
the suggestion appalled him,and yet why not?
his lawyer assured him that he could afford it; hischildren were growing up, and he had their future to consider.
hethought of his handsome boys, his curly-headed girl, and decided proudlythat nothing was too good for them; he looked into the future, and sawhis children's children reigning in his stead, and the name of chesterhonoured in the land.
so erley chase was bought, and little mrschester furnished it, as we have seen, to her own great contentment andthat of the tradespeople with whom she dealt; and in the course of a fewmonths the family moved into their new abode.
at first the country people were inclined to look coldly on the new-comers, but it was impossible to keep up an unfriendly attitude towardsmr and mrs chester.
they were utterly free from affectation, and, sofar from apeing that indifference to wealth adopted by most _nouveauxriches_, were so frankly, transparently enchanted with their newpossessions that they were more like a couple of children with a new toythan a steady-going, middle-aged couple.
they won first respect, andthen affection, and were felt to be a decided acquisition to the well-being of the neighbourhood, since they were never appealed to in vain inthe cause of charity.
in the days of her own short means, when she had been obliged to lookhelplessly at the trials of her neighbours, mrs chester had solacedherself by dreaming of what she would do if she had money and to spare,and to her credit be it said, she did not forget to put those dreamsinto execution when the opportunity arose.
the days are past when fairygodmothers flash suddenly before our raptured eyes, clad in spangledrobes, with real, true wings growing out of their shoulders, but therace is not dead; they appear sometimes as stout little women, in satingowns and be-feathered bonnets, and with the most prosaic of red,beaming faces.
the chester barouche was not manufactured out of apumpkin, nor drawn by rats, but none the less had it spirited away manya cinderella to the longed-for ball, and, when the prince was found, thefairy godmother saw to it that there was no lack of satin gowns, orglassy slippers.
dick whittingtons, too, sitting friendless by theroadside, were helped on to fortune; and the sleeping beauty was rescuedfrom her dull little home, and taken about to see the world.
it iswonderful what fairy deeds can be accomplished by a kind heart and afull purse, and the recipients of mrs chester's bounty were relievedfrom undue weight of obligation by the transparent evidence that herenjoyment was even greater than their own!
harold went to eton and oxford, and jim to sandhurst; but rhoda stayedat home and ruled supreme over her mother, her governesses, and theservants of the establishment.
her great-uncle's wish had beenfulfilled, inasmuch as she grew up tall and straight, with a mane ofreddish-gold hair and more than an average share of good looks.
she wasclever, too, and generous enough to have acknowledged her faults if ithad for one moment occurred to her that she possessed any; which it hadnot.
it was one of mrs chester's articles of faith that her daughterwas the most beautiful, the most gifted, and the most perfect of createdbeings, and rhoda agreeably acquiesced in the decision, and was pitifulof other girls who were not as herself.
every morning when she had nota headache, and did not feel "floppy" or "nervey," she did lessons withfraulein, who adored her, and shed tears behind her spectacles whenobliged to point out a fault.
then the two would repair together to thetennis courts and play a set, the pupil winning by six games to love; orgo a bicycle ride, when rhoda would practise fancy figures, while hergood, but cumbersome, companion picked herself up from recumbentpositions on the sidewalk, and shook the dust from her garments.
atother times rhoda would put on her riding habit and go a ride round theestate, taking care to emerge from the west gate at the moment when thevillage children were returning from school.
the little girls would"bob" in old-fashioned style, and the boys would pull off their caps,and rhoda would toss her flaxen mane and acknowledge their salutationswith a gracious smile and a wave of the little gloved hand.
thechildren thought she looked like a fairy princess, and no more dreamtthat she was of the same flesh and blood as themselves than did missrhoda herself.
then came lunch, and more often than not some excuse forgetting off the hour's lessons with fraulein before the "visitingprofessors" arrived.
music master, drawing master, french master--theyeach came in their turn, and rhoda exerted herself to do her best, asshe invariably did, given the stimulus of an audience, and was praisedand flattered to her heart's desire.
it was a happy life, and mostsatisfactory from the girl's point of view; so that it seemed mostannoying that it should be interrupted, and by fraulein too, who hadalways been so meek and tractable!
who could have imagined when shewent home for the summer holidays that an old love would appear andinsist upon marrying her out of hand?
"but what am _i_ to do?"
cried rhoda, when the news was first received;and then, in stern disapproval, "i'm _surprised_ at fraulein!
at herage she should know better.
she always professed to be so devoted.
ican't understand how she could make up her mind to leave me."
"it must have been a terrible trial to her, dearest," said mrs chestersoothingly, and she meant what she said.
how could any one prefer afat, long-haired, spectacled lover (all germans were fat, long-haired,and spectacled!)
to her beautiful, clever daughter?
she sighed, oncefor rhoda's disappointment, and once again, and with an added stab, forherself.
several times lately mr chester had hinted that rhoda was getting toomuch for fraulein, and should be sent to school, while harold hadtreacherously seconded his father with remarks of such brotherly candouras made his mother hot with indignation.
jim was mercifully away fromhome, but even so it was two against one, and she instinctively feltthat fraulein's defection would be seized upon by the enemy and theattack pressed home upon the first opportunity.
and now it had come,and there sat the poor, dear soul, shedding tears of anguish on herlace-edged handkerchief, as she vainly tried to oppose the inevitable.
"i cannot, and will not, part from my child!"
"nonsense, mother, you parted from me, and i shall take it as a personalinsult if you insinuate that you would feel rhoda's absence more thanyou did mine.
remember how delighted you were when i came back!
remember the holidays, how happy you were, how interested in all i hadto tell!"
harold chester crossed the room, and laid his hand on his mother'sshoulder with a kindly gesture.
he looked as if he were made on thesame principle as the other objects of _vertu_ in the room, and if mrschester had desired to possess "the most superfine specimen of sons andheirs," she had certainly got her wish, so far as appearances wereconcerned.
harold was tall and fair, with aquiline features and a manlycarriage.
his hair would have curled if it had not been cropped soclose to his head; his clothes were of immaculate cut.
at twenty-fivehe was known as one of the most daring sportsmen in the county, and ifhe had not distinguished himself at college, he had, at least, scrambledthrough with the crowd.
his mother declared with pride that he hadnever given her an hour's anxiety since he had had the measles, andthanked heaven for her mercies every time she saw him ride off to thehunt in his beautiful pink coat.
harold was her first-born darling, butrhoda was the baby, and she could not bring herself to believe that herbaby was growing up.
"the child will fret and break her heart.
i don't care about myself,but i will not have her made unhappy.
she has such a sensitive heart!"
she sobbed as she spoke, and harold laughed.
"you trust me, mater; rhoda is as well able to take care of herself asany girl can be.
you will regret it all your life long if you keep herat home now.
school is what she needs, and school she must have, if sheis to make a woman worth having.
she is a jolly little soul, and i'mproud of her; but her eyes are so taken up admiring miss rhoda chesterthat she has no attention left for anything else.
let her go, mother,and find out that there are other girls in the world beside herself!"
"but the other girls will b-b-bully her.
they will make fun of her andlaugh at her little ways--""and a good--" harold checked himself and said cheerily: "rhoda won'tlet herself be bullied without knowing the reason why, mother.
whateverfaults she may have, no one can accuse her of lack of spirit.
i believeshe would like to go.
she has very few girl friends, and would enjoythe new experience."
"we will tell her about it, and see what she says," said mr chester;and at that very moment the door opened and rhoda walked into the room.
father, mother, and brother looked at rhoda, and felt a pardonable pridein her appearance.
her white evening frock showed off the faircomplexion and golden locks, and she carried herself with an erect,fearless mien which made a pleasant contrast to the stooping backs andshambling gait of most growing girls.
if she were not regularly pretty,her air of assurance forced onlookers to think her so, despite theirbetter judgment, and there was about her a breezy atmosphere of healthand youth.
she looked from one to the other of the watching faces, andsmiled in a good-humoured, tolerant manner, which showed a dimple in theround cheek.
she cried, nodding her head sagely.
"the way inwhich your voices ceased as i entered the room was highly suspicious.
never mind--i'll go to bed soon, and then you can talk at your ease.
it_is_ awkward when birthdays are drawing near!
...  chain bracelets arevery nice, with turquoises set here and there, and i rather like thatnew edition of shakespeare with a lot of dear little books fitted into acase.
i don't object to brooches either, or ornaments for my room--""but, strange to say, we were not thinking of giving you anything!
wewere talking of a much more serious consideration than a birthday.
wewere talking of your future education," said mr chester, solemnly.
hespoke so impressively, and with such very large capitals to the last twowords, that rhoda was startled into attention, and turned her eyes uponhim in wonder.
why, what do you--what am i going to do?"
"we have been considering the advisability of sending you to school.
you are nearly sixteen, and have been educated at home all your life,and now that fraulein cannot return i feel strongly that it would be foryour good to spend a couple of years at school among girls of your ownage.
your mother naturally dreads the parting, and fears that you wouldbe unhappy, but harold thinks that you would enjoy the experience.
whatis your own impression?
do you dislike the idea, or feel inclinedtowards it?"
rhoda meditated, and her mother watched her with wistful eyes.
at thefirst mention of the word "school" the girl had started with surprise,and her eyes had looked wide and puzzled, but now as she stooddeliberating, it was not dismay, but rather pleasure and excitement,that showed in her face.
the eyes gleamed complacently, the dimpledipped, the fair head tilted itself, and rhoda said slowly--"i think i should--_like_ it!
it would be a--change!"
alas for mrs chester, and alas for every mother in that sharp momentwhen she realises that the nestling which she has been keeping so safeand warm is already beginning to find the nest too narrow for itsambitions, and is longing to fly away into the big, wide world!
twosalt tears splashed on to the satin gown, but no one saw them, for thegirl was engrossed in her own feelings, while mr chester was sayingbrightly--"that's my brave girl!
i knew you would be no coward."
harold watched his sister with mingled pity and amusement.
"they'll take it out of her!
they'll take it out of her!
won't she hate it, and won't it do her good!"
he said to himself,shrewdly.
"and, after the first, i shouldn't wonder if she became aprime favourite!"
rhoda seated herself on a crimson plush chair, and folded her hands onher knees, in an attitude of expectation.
she was an impetuous youngperson, and could brook no delay when once her interest was aroused.
school having been mentioned as a possibility of the future, it becameimperative to settle the matter off-hand.
who would take her?
what would she have to buy?
what were the rules?
when were the holidays?
how long would they be?
where would she spend them?--one question succeeded another inbreathless succession, making mr chester smile with indulgentamusement.
"my dear child, how can i tell?
so far it is only a suggestion.
nothing is settled.
we have not even thought of one school beforeanother--""if she goes at all, i should like her to go to miss moorby's, atbournemouth," said mrs chester quickly.
"she only takes ten girls, andi'm told it is just like a home--hot bottles in all the beds, and beef-tea at eleven--""mother!"
cried rhoda, in a tone of deep reproach.
her eyes flashed,and she drew herself up proudly.
if i go at all, i willdo the thing properly, and go to a real school, and not a hot-house.
idon't want their old beef-tea and bottles.
i want to go to a nice, big,sporty school, where they treat you like boys, and not young ladies, andput you on your honour, and don't bind you down by a hundred sickeninglittle rules.
i want to go to,"--she drew a long breath, and glanced ather mother, as if bracing herself to meet opposition--"to hurst manor!
i've read about it in magazines, and ella mason had a cousin whohad been there, and she said it was--simply mag.!
she was head girl,and ruled the house, and came out first in the games, and she said shenever had such sport in her life, and found the holidays quite fearfullyflat and stale in comparison."
"you don't become head girl all at once," interposed harold, drily;while mrs chester gave another sob at the idea that home could ever belooked upon in so sad a light.
she repeated vaguely.
"that's a strange name.
i neverheard of the place before.
what do you know about it that makes youwant to go, darling?
are you quite sure it is nice, and what is thehead mistress like, and how many young la-- girls does she take?
nottoo many, i hope, for i can't see how they can be properly looked afterwhen there are more than twenty or thirty.
i've heard terrible storiesof delicacy for life arising from neglect.
you remember poor, dear evievane!
her glands swelled, and nobody noticed, and--""my glands never swell.
they know better.
over two hundred girls,mother; but they are divided into different houses, with a staff ofteachers in charge of each, so there's no fear of being neglected; andit's much more fun living in a crowd.
i'm tired of talking to the samepeople over and over again, and should love a variety.
among thehundred girls, one would be sure to find one or two whom one couldreally like."
harold laughed again, a sleepy laugh, which brought a flash into hissister's eyes.
that was the worst of harold; he was so superior!
henever argued, nor contradicted, but he had a way of smiling to himself,of throwing back his head and half shutting his eyes, which made rhodafeel as if throwing cushions at him would be the only adequate relief toher feelings.
she glared at him for a moment, and then turned her backon him in a marked manner and addressed herself to her father.
"you will write to miss bruce at once, won't you, father, and arrangefor me to go at the beginning of the term?"
"i will write for particulars, or, better still, your mother and i willgo down to see the place for ourselves.
i should like you to go to theschool you fancy, if it can be arranged, and i suppose this is as goodas any."
rhoda declared rapturously, "a thousand times better!
ellamason said so; and she knows, because her cousin's sisters have all beenat different schools--one at cheltenham, one at saint andrew's, one atwycombe, and she declares that hurst beats them all.
it must be so,since it has adopted all the good ideas and abandoned the bad."
shewent on with a rambling statement which seemed to imply that miss brucehad been in turn sole proprietor of each of these well-known schoolsbefore abandoning them in favour of her new establishment; that hurstmanor buildings had been recently erected, at vast expense, to provideevery possible convenience for the pupils, and at the same time was anobleman's seat of venerable interest; that sports and games formed thechief interest of the pupils, lessons being relegated to an appropriatesecondary position; while, astonishing to relate, the honours in alluniversity examinations fell to "hurst girls," and every woman who hadmade a name for herself had graduated from its ranks!
she detailedthese interesting items of information with sublime assurance; and, whenharold mildly pointed out inconsistencies, retorted scornfully that shesupposed she might be allowed to know, since ella's cousin had _said_so, and she had been there, and seen for herself!
mrs chestersupported her by murmurs of assent, and little warning frowns to herson, which in dumb language signified that he was to be a good boy, andnot aggravate his sister; and mr chester put his arm round her waist,and looked down at her, half smiling, half pitiful.
the pitifulexpression grew, and became so marked that the girl gazed at him insurprise.
why did he look so sorry?
was he already feeling the blankwhich her absence would leave?
did he fear that she would be home-sick,and regret her hasty decision?
she stared into his face with her brightblue eyes, and her father gazed back, noting the firm chin, the archedbrows, the characteristic tilt of the head.
this overweening confidenceof youth--he was asking himself earnestly--was it altogether amisfortune, or but raw material out of which great things were to bemade in the future?
was it not better to go forth to meet life's battlewith a light heart and fearless tread than trembling and full of doubt?
surely it was better, and yet his heart was sore for the girl, as theheart of a leader must be sore when he sends his soldiers to the front,knowing that no victory is won without a cost, no fight without a scar.
something very like a tear glittered in the father's eye, and at thesight rhoda's face softened into a charming tenderness.
she snuggledher head into his neck, and rubbed her soft cheeks against his,murmuring absurd little sentences of endearment, as to a child of twoyears old.
"whose pet is it, then?
whose own precious?
the nicest old sweet inthe world."
mr chester pushed the girl aside, and put on a frown of portentousferocity to conceal the delight with which her demonstration had, inreality, filled him.
he loved to feel the sweep of the crisp locks, thetouch of the soft cheek; he even appreciated, if the truth must be told,being addressed as a "precious," but wild horses would not have inducedhim to confess as much, and he made haste to leave the room with haroldlest perchance any sign of his real feelings might betray themselves tothe sharp feminine eye.
left alone with her mother, rhoda clasped her hands behind her back, andpaced slowly up and down.
it was a relief, after all, to be rid of themen, and be able to talk things over with a feminine hearer who neverbrought forward inconvenient quibbles, who accepted statements as facts,as of course they were, and agreed to propositions in a quiet,reasonable manner.
rhoda thought out several important matters in thatmarch to and fro, and announced the result in a decisive manner.
"i must have a complete new outfit!
i don't believe in taking half-wornthings.
you can send them away to that poor clergyman in ireland, withthe five daughters.
geraldine, isn't it, who `fits' my clothes?
well,geraldine shall have my blue silk, and the fawn jacket, and the blouses,and the grey dress.
if the arm-holes stick into her as much as they dointo me, she will wish i had never been invented.
she can have my besthat, too, if she wants it.
i hate it, and at `hurst' you never wearanything but sailors', with the school colours.
there is a blue house,and a pink, and a green, and a yellow, and a red; that's the way theyarrange in all big schools, and i only hope and pray it won't be my fateto be yellow, or _what_ an image i'll look!
other things being equal,mum dear, kindly say you think the blue house would be best for myhealth and morals.
i want to live _in_, you understand, not _out_--that's one point i have quite decided."
"in what, dearest?
out of what?
i don't understand what you mean."
"in school itself.
there are three houses in the school building andthree in the grounds, and, of course, if you live `out' you have tenminutes' walk over to classes, whatever the weather may be.
i shouldobject to shivering across the first thing in the morning in rain andsnow and getting all splashed and blown.
no one can call me a coddle,but i _do_ like comfort, and it would be a dreadful fag--""i should think so, indeed; most risky!
i wouldn't hear of it for you.
if you go at all you must live in, and have a comfortable room, with afire in cold weather."
"oh, well; i don't know if you can expect that.
we mustn't be tooexacting.
you will look after my clothes at once, mother, won't you?
for there will be so much to get.
i want things nice, you know!
ishould like the girls to see that i had decent belongings.
i lovehaving all the _little_ things complete and dainty.
i think girls oughtto be particular about them.
it's a sign of refinement.
i can't endureshabby things round me."
"of course not, darling; and there's no reason why you should.
writedown a list of what you want, so that we shan't forget anything when weare in town.
you shall have all you need; but, oh!
dear me, i don'tknow how shall i live when you have gone.
i shall break my heartwithout you!"
and mrs chester's tears once more rolled down hercheeks.
it seemed to her at this moment that the greatest trouble whichher happy life had known was this projected parting from her beloveddaughter.
two days later mr and mrs chester started on their tour of inspection,and rhoda reflected that she could not employ herself better duringtheir absence than by preparing, so far as might be, for the life ahead.
she went upstairs to her own sitting-room, and made a sweeping surveyof her treasures.
the books in the hanging cases must, of course, beleft behind, since they were too numerous to carry.
she looked lovinglyat their bright gold and leather backs, and took down a specialfavourite here and there, to dip into its contents.
the waverley novelsran in a long, yellow line across one shelf; dickens, clad in red, cameimmediately beneath; and a whole row of poets on the bottom shelf.
wordsworth was a prize from fraulein, but his pages were still stiff andunread; longfellow opened of himself at "hiawatha"; while tennyson, mostbeloved of all, held half a dozen markers at favourite passages.
hisportrait hung close at hand, a copy of that wonderful portrait by watts,which seems to have immortalised all the power and beauty of thestrange, sad face.
rhoda nicked a grain of dust from the glass surface,and carefully straightened the frame against the wall, for this picturewas one of her greatest treasures, and respected accordingly.
anothercase held books of stories, ranging from the fairy tales of childhood tothe publications of last year; a third was devoted to bound volumes ofmagazines, and a fourth to the less showy and interesting school-books.
"it's no use taking _you_!"
said rhoda scornfully.
"i expect you arequite out of date.
you can stay here and rest, and when i come backi'll point out your errors, and send you into the lumber-room to makeroom for the new ones!"
then she turned her attention to themantelpiece, on which reposed a quite extraordinary number of miniaturejugs.
jugs, jugs everywhere, and nothing but jugs; blue jugs, yellowjugs, brown jugs, red jugs; worcester jugs with delicate white figuresagainst a background of blue; jugs worth a penny sterling at the villageemporium; plain jugs, iridescent jugs; jugs with one handle, with two,with three, with none at all.
their variety was as puzzling as theirnumber, but rhoda gazed at them with all the pride of the collector.
"jugs"--unrivalled by postcards, stamps, or crests--had been her maniafor a year on end, and the result was dear to her heart.
to find a newjug to add to the collection had appeared one of the chief objects intravelling; an expedition to town had been a failure or success,according as it discovered jugs or no jugs.
in her anxiety for their safety she had even volunteered to dust her ownmantelpiece, and now, alas!
she must leave them to the tender mercies ofmary and her assistants!
it was a painful reflection, and after amoment's consideration she determined not to risk it, but to store thedarlings away in some safe hiding-place until her return.
no sooner said than done.
each little jug was wrapped in a separateroll of tissue paper, fitted into a drawer of the writing-table, andsecurely locked against invasion.
the process of "putting away" thusbegun extended itself indefinitely.
the photographs in their variousframes must be arranged and divided; nice relations and very dearestfriends, to be taken to school, disagreeable or "middling" relations,and merely "dearest friends," to be laid aside in another drawer;fragile ornaments to be hidden, in case they were broken; silver andbrass in case they tarnished; letters to be destroyed, to be tied up inpackets, to be answered before leaving home; pieces of fancy work to befolded away, in case sacrilegious hands should dare to put them to anyother use than that for which they were intended.
rhoda set to work with the energy of ten women, and worked away untilthe once tidy room had become a scene of wildest confusion; until sofa,table, and chairs were alike piled high with bundles.
then of a suddenher energy flagged, she grew tired and discouraged, and wished she hadleft the stupid old things where she had found them.
it occurred to heras a brilliant inspiration that there was no possible hurry, and thatsitting under the trees reading a book, and drinking lemon squash, was amuch more agreeable method of spending a hot summer's day than workinglike a charwoman.
she carried her latest book into the gardenforthwith, ordered the "squash," and spent an hour of contented idlenessbefore lunch.
the story, however, was not interesting enough to tempt a second readingduring the afternoon, for the heroine was a girl of unimpeachablecharacter, who pursued her studies at home under the charge of a dailygoverness, and such a poor-spirited creature could hardly be expected tocommend herself to a girl who had decided for two whole days to go tothe newest of all new schools, and already felt herself far removed fromsuch narrow experiences.
rhoda cast about in her mind for the nextdiversion, and decided to bicycle across the park to call upon thevicar's daughter the self-same ella mason who had been her informant onso many important points.
ella would be indeed overcome to hear thatrhoda herself was to be a "hurst" girl, and there would be an increasedinterest in hearing afresh those odd pieces of information which hadfallen from the cousin's lips.
she felt a thrill of relief on hearing that her friend was at home, andin finding her alone in the morning-room, which looked so bare andcolourless to eyes accustomed to the splendours of the chase.
somethingof the same contrast existed between the two girls themselves, for whilerhoda sat glowing pink and white after her ride, ella's cheeks were aspale as her dress, and her eyes almost as colourless as the washed-outribbon round her waist.
she was not a beauty by any means, butunaffectedly loving and unselfish, rejoicing in her friend's news,though it would deprive her of a favourite companion, and she was allanxiety to help and encourage.
she knitted her brow to remember allthat the cousin had said of hurst manor, wishing only that she hadlistened with more attention to those pearls of wisdom.
"yes, she said that they did a great deal of latin.
all the girls learnit, and it seems to be looked on as one of the most important subjects.
they translate horace and livy and all kinds of learned books."
declared rhoda coolly.
"i don't approve of latinfor girls.
of course, if you intend to teach, or be adoctor, or anything like that, it may be useful, but for ordinary stop-at-home girls it's nonsense.
what use would latin be to _me_, i shouldlike to know?
i shall take modern languages instead.
i can read andwrite french fluently, though it doesn't come quite so easy to speak it,and german, of course, is second nature after jabbering with frauleinall these years.
i should _think_ in german if i would allow myself,but i won't.
i don't think it is patriotic.
there is not very muchthat any one can teach me of french or german!"
"then what is the use of studying them any more?"
inquired ella, aptlyenough; but rhoda was not a whit discomposed.
"my dear, it is ever so much pleasanter doing things that youunderstand!
the first stages are such a grind.
well, what next?
whatother subjects are important?"
some of the girls are awfully clever, and are ever so faron in euclid.
i did one book with father; but it worried me so, and icried so much one day when he altered the letters and put the wholething out, that he grew tired, and said i could give it up.
you didn'tdo any with fraulein, i think?"
"no; it's a nuisance.
i wish i did now; but i'll have to begin at once,that's all!
i'll get harold's old books and cram up before i go, sothat i can just bring in an expression now and then, as if i knew allabout it.
girls are so patronising if they think you are a beginner...i'm pretty well up in history, and can say reams of poetry, and play,and draw, and paint in water colours--""ye-es!"
assented ella feebly.
she was afraid to say so much in words,but her conviction was that her friend's methods of work would seemstrangely antiquated when contrasted with the vivid strength of the new_regime_.
she recalled rhoda's mild copies of village scenes, withcottages in the foreground, trees to the rear, and a well-regulatedflight of swallows on the sky line, and mentally placed them beside hercousin's vigorous sketches on the slade system, where two or three linesseemed to do the work of a dozen, and prettiness was a thing abhorred!
she remembered the lessons in theory and harmony, and trembled for herfriend's awakening.
"yes," she repeated.
"oh, of course; and thenthere are other things besides lessons--a girl can make herself popularby being pleasant and obliging, and the outdoor life is so fascinating.
games every day, just as if you were boys, and each one trying to getinto a higher team, and as keen and enthusiastic as she can be.
you_will_ enjoy the games, rhoda!"
"now that's just one thing i wanted to talk to you about!"
"i'm glad you reminded me.
of course, tennis and croquetare all right.
i can play a _very_ good set, and beat most ladies atcroquet.
one time this summer i made five hoops in one turn, and tookmy partner with me, but of course i don't do that _every_ day of theweek.
i'm all right for summer games, but winter is coming on, and ishall have to play that horrid old hockey, and i haven't the remotestidea how it is done.
i've never seen a match, but you have, and i wantyou to tell me all about it, so that i may know what to do, and not makean idiot of myself.
you went to the betham ground when you were stayingthere, and saw the girls' team play.
tell me allabout it, and everything they did!"
ella drew a deep breath, and looked awed and important.
it was a county match, and one team wore white blouses and theother pink.
they had on blue skirts, very short, and awful feet!
somehad great pads on each ankle, and some had leggings, and some hadnothing at all.
i should have swathings of cotton wool a foot wide, forit made my ankles ache just to see the sticks swinging about!
it was anicy day; the wind went through us like knives and scissors, and we stoodon little planks of wood and shuddered, with furs up to our ears, butthey wore no hats or jackets, and their sleeves went flap, flap, as thinas possible.
there was only one pretty one among them, all the restlooked--hideous!
there was a goal at one end, _here_, and another,_here_."
ella drew a rough map of the ground on the back of anenvelope, and rhoda looked on with breathless interest.
"this teamwanted to make a goal _here_, and the other side tried to prevent them.
they whacked with their sticks, and off went the ball, and each sideflew after it, trying to send it the way they wanted, and one poor,wretched girl stood before each goal to prevent the enemy's ball fromentering.
i expected they would both die of consumption the next day,but i met them out at tea, quite spry and lively, and they said theydidn't feel cold a bit.
i didn't believe them, but that's nothing.
anumpire marched about in leggings, and blew a whistle, and called out`off side!
"and what did he mean by that?"
ella hesitated, uncertainly.
her knowledge of the game was of theslightest, but she was anxious to help her friend, and gallantly triedto recall odd explanations.
"oh, well, i think one of the wrong side hit, you know, and there is arule that you may not send the ball straight forward to one of your ownside, but must hit it back to some one behind you."
"but that's silly!
if you want to get on as fast as you can, why onearth must you go _back_?
if they never hit forward, how can they win.
do you mean to say they _never_ send it forwards towards the goal?"
"oh, yes, yes!
one girl was splendid.
she hit magnificently.
she ranlike a man, and sent it flying before her, and made three goalsherself."
"then how--why--what--what in the world did you mean by saying that you_mustn't_ do it?"
demanded rhoda sternly, and ella made a gesture as oftearing her hair in confusion.
"i don't know!
it isn't easy to understand a game when you see only onematch.
i was confused myself, but i know each side tries for adifferent goal, and there are `backs' and `half-backs' and `forwards,'just as at football, and, whatever you do, you must not raise your stickabove your waist.
it's a murderous-looking game, anyhow.
i wonderedthat they weren't all killed; and one girl's hand was bleeding horribly.
i asked her if it was very painful, and she stared and said, `oh, ihadn't noticed it!'
and mopped it up with her handkerchief.
awfullycallous, i call it."
"oh, i don't know!"
replied rhoda, airily.
"those flesh wounds don'thurt.
i should never think of taking any notice of a little thing likethat.
well, i can't say i am very much wiser for your instructions, mydear, but i will pump harold and see what i can get out of him.
i haveno doubt i could hit all right, for i have a quick eye, and if you canplay one or two games it helps you with the rest.
but i should bepretty mad if i made a hit and they whistled at me and made me comeback.
i like to know what i am about."
"you had better be a goal-keeper," advised ella, wisely; "you have norunning to do until the ball comes your way, and then at it you go,tooth and nail!
stop it somehow--anyhow--with your hands, your feet,your skirt, your stick.
i believe there is an etiquette about it, don'tyou know, as there is about all those things, and that it's more swaggerto stop it one way than another, but the main thing is to stop it_somehow_, and that you simply must do!"
if you can!
what happens if you can't?"
"emigrate to australia by the first boat!
i should think so, at least,to judge by the faces of the other girls when one poor creature _did_let a ball in.
feerocious, my dear!
there was no other word for it.
myheart ached for her.
but it was a stupid miss, for it looked so easy.
i felt sure i could have stopped it."
"it's all a matter of nerve.
if you lose your head you are sure to playthe fool at a critical moment.
fraulein was like that.
the moment thegame went against her she began to hop about, and puff and pant, andwork herself into such a fever that she couldn't even see a ball, muchless hit it.
i kept calm, and so of course i always won."
it did strike ella that victory under such circumstances would be easilygained, but she was too loyal to say so, and rhoda leant back againstthe cushions of the sofa, and continued to discourse on games ingeneral, and school games in particular, with an air of such intimacyand knowledge that no one would have suspected that the object of hervisit had been to listen, rather than to teach.
ella listened meekly to a recital of what her friend intended to do, andbe; of the examinations she would pass, the honours she would gain; theinfluence she would exercise over her fellows; and sighed to think ofher own limitations, and the impossibility of such a career ever fallingto her lot.
and then rhoda rose, and put on her gloves preparatory tosaying good-bye.
"i shall come down to see you again, of course, but i shall be verybusy.
i am going to have a complete new outfit, and everything as niceas possible."
"ye-es," said the vicar's daughter.
"i shall have all my best skirts lined with silk."
sighed ella, and felt a pang of keenest envy.
she had neverpossessed a silk lining in her life.
it seemed to her at times that ifshe could only hear herself rustle as she walked, there would be nothingleft to wish for in life!
"they will think you are a princess!"
she said, and rhoda smiled, anddid not attempt to deny the impeachment.
mr and mrs chester returned from their visit to hurst manor withsomewhat different accounts of the establishment.
the father wasdelighted with all he had seen, thought the arrangements excellent, andmiss bruce a charming and lovable woman.
the mother did not see howdraughts were to be avoided in those long, bare passages, considered thehours of work cruelly long, and was convinced that miss bruce could bevery stern if she chose.
her husband laughed, and declared that aschool of two hundred girls would fare badly indeed if she could not,and the maternal fears were silenced at once by his banter, and byrhoda's fearless confidence.
it was finally decided that the girl should join at the beginning of theterm, and preparations were set on foot without delay.
it was almostlike buying a trousseau, rhoda declared; and certainly no bride-electcould have taken a keener interest in her purchases.
the big, new boxwith her initials on the side; the dressing-bag with its daintyfittings; the writing-case and workbox; the miniature medicine cheststocked with domestic remedies, in case she should feel feverish orchilled, have earache, toothache, or headache; be threatened with sorethroat or swollen glands--they were all new possessions, and as suchafforded acute satisfaction, for though the wardrobe list wasdisappointingly short, there were at least no restrictions as toquality.
when the key was turned in her box rhoda heaved a sigh of satisfactionin the confidence that not one of the two hundred girls could possess abetter equipment than her own.
then she looked round her dismantledroom, and felt a pang of depression.
it looked so _dead_--as if itsowner had already departed, and left it to its fate.
the wardrobe doorswung apart and revealed the empty pegs; the drawers were pulled openand showed piles of torn-up letters; the carpet was strewn with pins.
all the treasured ornaments had been stored away, and the ugly oneslooked uglier than ever, as if infected by the general dejection.
instory-books girls were wont to bid a sentimental adieu to their maidenbowers before leaving for a new sphere, but rhoda did not feel in theleast inclined to be sentimental; she took to her heels instead and randownstairs, only too glad to escape from her dreary surroundings, andpresently she and her mother _were_ driving towards the station on thefirst stage of the eventful journey.
the village women stood at the doors of their cottages to put theiraprons to their eyes, and murmur, "ay, poor dear!"
as she drove past;little tommy banks threw a nosegay of marigolds through the carriagewindow, and waddled away, scarlet with confusion; and there was quite agathering of friends on the platform.
ella had brought a box of home-made fuller's sweets from herself and adainty copy of _the christian year_ as the vicar's farewell offering;mrs ross had a stack of magazines for reading on the journey, andlittle miss jones, who owed all the comforts of life to mrs chester'sfriendship, presented the most elaborate "housewife," stocked with everynecessary which it seemed probable that a girl at school would _not_require.
it was all most touching and gratifying.
even the station-master came up to express his good wishes, and the one-eyed porterblurted out, "glad to see you back, miss!"
as if it were impossible tosuppress his feelings a moment longer.
rhoda felt an insight into the feelings of royalty as she stood at thewindow of the carriage, graciously smiling and bowing so long as sheremained in sight, and when this excitement was over, another appearedto take its place.
mrs chester was discovered to be crying in quiteuncontrolled fashion, and at the sight of her tears rhoda put on herseverest air.
what are you doing?
you must _not_ cry!
please remember thatin half an hour we shall be at euston, and meet the school.
i shouldnever get over it if the girls saw my mother with a red face!"
mrs chester mopped her eyes obediently, and made a valiant effort toregain her composure.
for herself, poor dear, she cared little aboutappearances, but rhoda had already exhibited an intense anxiety that sheshould make a good impression on the minds of her future school-fellows.
each separate article of clothing had been passed in review, while thebonnet had been changed three times over before the critic wassatisfied.
it would never do to spoil an effect which had been achievedwith so much trouble; so the unselfish creature gulped down her tears,and tried to talk cheerfully on impersonal topics, keeping her eyesfixed on the landscape the while, lest the sight of her child mightprove too much for her resolution.
rhoda was immaculate in blue serge coat and skirt, and sailor hat with aband of school colours.
nothing could have been simpler; but there areranks in even the simplest garments, and she was agreeably consciousthat her coat was not as other coats, neither was her skirt as otherskirts.
the hand of the regent street tailor was seen in both, andthere was a new arrangement of pleats at the back which ought in itselfto secure the admiration of the school!
she was all complacency untileuston was reached, when the first glimpse at a group of "hurst" girlssmote her to earth.
she had sewn the band on her hat upside down,putting the wide stripe next the brim, which should by rights have beenthe place of the narrow!
to the cold, adult mind such a discovery mightseem of trifling importance, but to the embryo school-girl it wasfraught with agonising humiliation.
it looked so ignorant, so stupid;it marked one so hopelessly as a recruit; rhoda's cheeks burned crimson;she looked searchingly round to see if by chance any other strangelinghad fallen into the same error, but, so far as bands were concerned, shewas solitary among the throng.
a governess, seeing the two figures standing apart from the rest, cameforward and welcomed rhoda with a few kindly words, but she was too busyto spare time for more than a greeting.
fresh girls kept arriving withevery moment--a crowd of brisk, alert, bustling young creatures,skurrying along bags in hand, and bright eyes glancing to right andleft.
at every step forward there would come a fresh recognition, a nodof the head, a wave of the hand, a quick "halloa!"
more eloquent thanelegant.
rhoda felt a spasm of loneliness at the realisation that nogreeting waited for herself, and at the strangeness of the many faces.
she looked critically around and came to the most unfavourableconclusions.
"i don't like that one--she's a fright!
i hate that one--she's soaffected.
those two look common; i won't have anything to do with_them_.
the big one with spectacles looks horribly learned.
the onewith the violin has a most unmusical face.
_she_ looks fit forstratagems if you like!
the little one in brown is a cunning fox, i cansee it in her eyes.
of all the plain, uninteresting, stodgy set ofgirls--"there was a movement inside the saloon carriage opposite, and a largemamma clad in black, with a profusion of bugles, stepped on to theplatform and marched stolidly away.
she steered a course clear of thecrowd of girls, the ends of her mantle floating behind her, like a brigin full sail before the breeze, while her poor little daughter hung outof the doorway gazing after her, sobbing bitterly, and mouthing inpathetic, helpless misery.
mrs chester began to cry at once in sympathy, and even rhoda felt asmarting of the eyes.
it was coming!
the crucial moment was at hand;the bell was ringing, the girls were crowding into the carriages, thegoverness stepped forward and spoke a warning word.
"you had better come now, dear!
please take your seat."
rhoda turned and bent her tall young head to her little mother, butneither spoke--the tension was too great.
mrs chester's face wastremulous with agitation, the girl's white and defiant.
then shestepped into the carriage and seated herself among the crowd ofstrangers.
the girls were all silent now, pale of face and red of eye,a few crying openly, the majority fighting against emotion.
the motherscame to the edge of the platform, and stared in through the windows.
"it is like looking at animals in a cage," said rhoda to herself, andthen the wheels began to move, she saw her mother's quivering face--sawit from a distance--saw it no more--and realised for the first time,with a great, bitter pang of anguish, the meaning of farewell!
she had not intended to cry, she had never believed it possible that she_would_ cry, but it was hard work to resist it during the next half-hour, when every second bore her further from home, and the strangenessof her surroundings pressed more heavily upon her.
other girls werebeginning to cheer up and exchange confidences with their companions,but she had no one with whom to talk.
two girls opposite--the foxey oneand the affected one--were chatting quite merrily together.
theaffected one, whose name appeared to be hilda, had spent part of herholiday at boulogne, and was discoursing on the delights of continentalbathing, while foxey, not to be outdone, would have her know thatscarborough kept pace with all the continental methods.
another girl made the harrowing discovery that she had left herspectacles at home, and announced the same to a chum, who remarked thatit was "a ripping joke!"
the violin girl had had a bicycling accident,and exhibited her scars with pride.
the shock of parting over, they allseemed very happy together, very friendly, very absorbed; far too muchabsorbed to notice a new-comer, or trouble themselves on her behalf.
the governess stood by rhoda's side for a few minutes and made remarksin an aggressively cheerful manner, but her reception was notencouraging, and presently she went away, and did not return.
rhoda looked at the pictures in her magazines, or pretended to look, forher brain was so much occupied with other matters that she could notgrasp their meaning, and after five minutes' inspection would hardlyhave been able to say whether she had been studying the features of acountry landscape or those of a society beauty.
then she turned andcautiously examined her neighbours.
the girl to the right was a square,stolid-looking creature, square-faced, square-shouldered, with squaretoes to her boots, and elbows thrust out on each side in square,aggressive fashion.
her eyes were small and light, and her nose adefiance of classic traditions; the corners of her mouth turned down,and she had at once the solemnest and the most mischievous expression itis possible to imagine.
after a critical survey of her charms, rhodafelt that she was not the person with whom to force a conversation, andturned her attention to the neighbour on her left.
a recruit, surely; for, though her hat-band was in order, there was inher mien an absence of that brisk, independent air which seemed tocharacterise the old hurst girl.
a pretty damsel, too, with curlinghair and soft dark eyes, which at the present moment were bent inelaborate scrutiny on the paper before her.
rhoda noticed that it wasthe advertisement page at which she was looking, and suspected a pre-occupation kindred to her own.
she coughed slightly and ventured agentle question--"is this your first term at school?"
the dark-eyed girl turned a fleeting glance upon her, so fleeting thatit seemed as if she had never altered her position, and repliedmonosyllabically:"yes."
"you are going up, like me, for the first time?"
"and you have never been to school before?"
"i mean a boarding school.
a big school like this, on all the newlines?"
this was disconcerting!
what _did_ she mean?
it was her first term,she was a new girl, and yet she had been up before!
what was the girlthinking about!
she might really trouble herself to say more than onesingle word.
"but you said--i understood you to say--"brown eyes turned fiercely upon her, and fairly snapped in indignation.
"i don't care what i said, or what you understood.
can't you _see_ iwant to be quiet?
can't you leave me alone?
if i am a new girl, idon't want to howl before all the others, do i!
very well, then!
don'tmake me talk!
read your book, and let me read mine."
"i _beg_ your pardon!"
said rhoda, in her most stately manner.
she tookup her magazine obediently, but now it was more impossible than ever toread it, for she was tingling with mortification.
such a snub from astranger, and when she was trying to be friendly too!
it would be along time before she troubled brown eyes again.
her thoughts went backregretfully to ella, the loyal, the sympathetic, the faithfullyadmiring.
if ella were only here now, how different it would be!
whyhad she not thought of it before, and asked her parents to pay ella'sfees, so that she might have the solace of her presence?
they wouldhave done it gladly, but, alas!
ella could not have been spared fromhome.
she had to help her mother; to be governess as well as pupil,teaching the younger children for part of every day.
ella wasimpossible; but the craving for companionship grew so intense that iteven conquered the dread inspired by her other companion, andstrengthened her to make yet another effort.
the train had just left a station whose name was familiar in her ears,and she realised that they had crossed the boundary between twocounties, and were now in blankshire, in which hurst manor itself wassituated.
to remark on this fact seemed an innocent and natural mannerof opening a conversation, so she turned towards square face, and saidbrightly, "now we are in blankshire, i see!
i have never been herebefore.
the country looks very pretty and undulating."
the girl turned and stared at her with a wooden stolidity of feature.
seen at close quarters she appeared to rhoda as at once the mostextraordinarily ugly and comical-looking creature she had ever beheld.
her little eyes blinked, and the thin lips flapped up and down in anuncanny fashion that refused to be likened to any ordinary thing.
therewas a moment's silence, then she repeated in a tone of the utmostsolemnity--"the country is very pretty and undulating--you are quite right.
yourremark is most apt!
may i ask if you would object to my repeating it tomy friend over here?
she would be so very much interested."
she was so preternaturally grave, that for a moment rhoda was taken inby the pretence, the next she flushed angrily, and tilted her head inthe air, but it was of no avail, for already the next girl was titteringover the quotation, and turning to repeat it in her turn.
the simplewords must surely contain some hidden joke, for on hearing it eachlistener was seized with a paroxysm of laughter, and face after facepeered forward to stare at the originator, and chuckle with renewedmirth.
it was a good ten minutes before it had travelled round thecarriage and been digested by each separate traveller, and then, so farfrom dying out, it acquired fresh life from being adapted to passingcircumstances, as when the train having stopped at a junction and movedon again with a jerk, square face fell prone into her companion's arms,and excused herself with a bland--"excuse me, dear.
it's my little way.
i _am_ so pretty andundulating," and instantly the titters burst out afresh.
rhoda's face was a study, but even as she sat fuming with passion, avoice spoke in her ear from the side where brown eyes still studied heradvertisements.
"laugh, can't you?"
said the voice.
"laugh, too, as if you enjoyed thejoke.
it's the only way.
they will go on all the more if they see youare angry."
"i hate them all!"
hissed rhoda savagely, and the other heaved a sigh.
"ah, so do i, but they shan't hate me if i know it!
i'm sorry isnapped, but i'll talk now, and for pity's sake don't look so dismal.
let us look over this paper together, and make remarks, and smile as ifwe were enjoying ourselves too."
"i don't feel as if i should ever enjoy myself again.
it's hatefulgoing to school.
if i had known it was as bad as this i would neverhave come."
"there's a lake in the grounds.
we will drown ourselves together aftertea, but in the meantime do please keep up appearances.
don't giveyourself away before all these girls!"
rhoda looked at her curiously, and felt a thrill of comfort at finding afriend in the midst of her desolation.
"what is your name?"
she queriedeagerly, and the dark eyes met hers in a solemn stare.
"marah, for bitterness.
that's how i feel to-day, anyhow.
mygodmothers and godfather christened me dorothy, and in festive moments ihave even answered to `doll,' but i'd murder any one who called me thatto-day.
now, i'll show you something interesting...  i've travelled onthis line before, and if you look out of the window you can catch aglimpse of hurst manor as we pass the next station.
it stands in itsown grounds with nothing between it and the line.
over there to theright--you can't miss it if you keep your eyes open.
thatgaunt, grey building."
rhoda looked, and there it lay--a gaunt building, indeed, with row uponrow of tall, bare windows staring like so many eyes, and out-standingwings flanked like sentinels on either side.
the poor recruit's facelengthened with horror.
"it looks," she said dismally, "like a prison!
it looks as if when youonce got in, you would never never get out any more!"
ten minutes later the journey came to an end, and the girls surged outon to the platform of the country station.
a line of waggonettes,cheerfully denominated "black marias" by the pupils, was in waiting, andwith less confusion than might have been expected the girls divided intodifferent parties, and seated themselves in the carriages marked withtheir own house colours.
rhoda and her travelling companions, being all"blue," were among the first to drive off, each girl clutching thehandbag which contained the immediate necessities of her toilet, andchattering away at the pitch of her voice.
"square face" was evidentlythe wag of the party, and was treated with an admiring deference whichseemed to bespeak a position of importance.
she was professionallyaddressed as "tom," and rhoda from her seat opposite, read the words,"thomasina bolderston," upon the label of the bag, and reflected thatshe had never heard a name more entirely appropriate to its owner.
itwas at once so ugly, so uncommon, and so arresting to the memory, whiletom herself, once seen, could never be forgotten, nor confounded withanother girl.
there she sat, the keen autumn air blanching her cheeksand reddening her eyes, her arms crossed squarely over her bag, her lipstwitching with mischievous enjoyment.
she had but to roll her eyes, andthe girls went into fresh convulsions of laughter; and when, at theentrance to "hurst" grounds, she took out her handkerchief and affectedto sob, the merriment reached an almost hysterical pitch.
rhoda,however, failed to appreciate the humour of the joke, being inclined tocry in good truth as the grim doorway yawned before her, and she caughta glimpse of the chill, grey hall, so different from the glowing warmthof her own dear home.
dorothy gripped her arm in sympathetic fashion as they alighted and fellinto position in the long line of girls, who had suddenly thrown offtheir hoyden airs, and assumed a demeanour of severe propriety.
thequeue wended its serpentine course down the hall itself, and across asmaller corridor to the head of the great staircase, where stood a ladyin a black silk dress, and a cap with lavender ribbons, crowning bandsof iron-grey hair.
she was in reality small of stature, but she heldherself with an air which gave her the appearance of being six feet highat least, and as she shook hands with each girl she addressed to her aword of greeting.
"how do you do, mary?
glad to see you, kathleen.
hope you are better,ella.
welcome back, carrie!"
and so on, and so on.
occasionally therecame a hesitation, and the greeting terminated without a name beingadded, but whenever this was the case there was a knitting of the browswhich showed distinct annoyance.
miss bruce evidently took a pride inremembering her pupils, and was hard on herself for any forgetfulness.
when it came to the turn of the new girls, she detained them a moment tohope they would be happy, before waving them forward with an encouragingsmile.
"that's what we call being `presented.'
she is the queen, and on thenext landing are `the lords,' and on the second `the commons,'"whispered a girl, who being herself only in her second term was notaverse from posing as preceptor.
rhoda lifted her eyes and beheld anarray of governesses standing before her, shaking hands and welcomingthe pupils in their turn.
some looked formidable and learned, some didnot.
some had the orthodox braided locks and spectacles, some evencondescended to the frivolity of a `fringe,' but one and all borethemselves with a dignity worthy of a foremost position in the newest ofall new schools.
rhoda passed by as in a dream, and felt far more interest in "thecommons," who were for the most part young women removed from girlhoodby so slight a barrier that there was a tone of comradeship in theirvoices, a sympathetic understanding in their glance.
the sweetestlooking of all was evidently in special charge of the blues, and, walkedby the side of the two new girls as the detachment filed along theendless corridor towards its own apartments.
"you two are sisters?
ah, well, you must pretend you are, for aday or two at least, until you get over the first loneliness.
every onefeels lonely at first among such a crowd of strangers, but it soonpasses, and we are very happy together.
you must come and sit with mein my little den sometimes.
i'll ask you to tea on sunday, and you mustalways come to me if you are in any difficulty.
in the meantime do asthe other girls do, and you will get along quite easily.
you are in thesame room.
wash and get ready for tea at once.
the gong will ring inhalf an hour, and after that your boxes will have arrived and you willbe able to unpack."
they reached the door of the dormitory as she finished speaking, and thegirls entered, trying not to feel as if they were being introduced to aprison cell, or to be unduly cast down because they were separated byhalf the length of the room.
"if we could have been next each other and just wobbled the curtainoccasionally it would have been friendly!"
sighed rhoda, sinking down onthe solitary chair and gazing forlornly round her new abode.
a bed, awash-stand, a chest of drawers with a glass on top, a small fixturewardrobe, and about three yards of space on which to disport her ownfair self--different quarters, indeed, from her room at home, with itsspacious floor, its deep bay windows, its adjoining dressing-room andbathroom!
when the curtains were drawn there was a feeling of crampedconfinement which was most depressing to the spirits; yet, as her eyetook in one detail after the other, rhoda realised that there wereredeeming points in the situation.
small as it was, the cubicle wasdecidedly pretty, and blue enough to satisfy the blondest of mistresses.
blue was the paint on the walls, blue the mat on the floor, blue andwhite the coverlet on the bed, blue the quaintly shaped china on thewash-stand.
she remembered with a thrill of satisfaction that her ownbags and cases were of the same hue, and took off her hat feeling thatshe had found an oasis in the desert of life.
half-an-hour seemed a long time to prepare for tea, when no change ofgarment was possible, but it passed so quickly that the sound of thegong came as a surprise, and she emerged from her retreat to find herroom-mates already filing towards the door.
thomasina led the way,staring at rhoda's locks with an amusement which the girl found it hardto fathom.
she had brushed out the curling mane with even greater carethan usual, and was conscious that it was as tidy as nature had intendedit should be.
then why stare and smile?
she could not understand, butthomasina only said enigmatically--"gather ye rosebuds while ye may!
come on, fuzzy!"
and led the way outinto the corridor.
lines of girls were appearing on every side--along this corridor, alongthat, down narrow nights of stairs, around unexpected corners, allconverging steadily on the central staircase.
it was like a game of"follow my leader," and rhoda could not but admire the ease and skillwith which "tom" avoided collision, and marshalled her party to its owntable in the great dining-hall.
when every one was seated, and gracesaid, the clatter of cups and saucers began, and rhoda had her firstexperience of a school meal.
the tea was very welcome, and it certainly was hot, but somehow orother it did not taste like the tea at home.
there was so much "cup"about it--perhaps that was the explanation.
it was quite an effort toget one's lips over the rim.
thickness seemed to be the order of theday when one looked from the china to the slices of bread and butterpiled in the many plates.
one such chunk would make a meal in itself,thought rhoda, nibbling fastidiously at the first slice, but whetherfrom the fatigue of the long journey or the stimulating effect ofcompanionship, her appetite seemed to be unusually keen, and when it wasfinished she put out her hand to take a second slice.
instantly thomasina's voice rang out in warning.
"stop that, fuzzy!
rhoda stared at her in dignified displeasure.
"myname happens to be rhoda chester!"
"congratulate you, i'm sure.
couldn't be sweeter; but you mustn't breakrules, rhoda chester, all the same.
the rule in this school is that nogirl helps herself at meals, or asks for more, or pays any attention toher own plate."
"but if i am hungry?
if i _want_ more?
how am i to get it?"
"you must rely on the thoughtfulness and attention of your neighbours.
each girl is supposed to look after those beside her, but if she forgetsyou must starve in silence, knowing that you suffer in a good cause.
ifind myself that a slight nudge applied to the elbow just as the cup isbeing carried to the mouth is a useful and judicious reminder...  let mepress a piece of plum-cake upon you, miss chester!"
she held out the plate of bread with her squarest smile, and rhodasmiled back with a curious sense of elation.
she questioned herselfcuriously as to its cause, and made the surprising discovery that it wasbecause thomasina had spoken to her, and showed some faint signs offriendliness!
tea over, there was another game of "follow my leader," to the top storyof the building this time, where all the length of a corridor was linedby baggage, with the mysterious addition of a flat wicker clothes-basketbeside each trunk.
the house-mistress, miss everett, was flitting toand fro, and explained to the bewildered new girls that as the cubiclesafforded no room for the accommodation boxes they must unpack upstairs,and carry down their possessions to store in drawers and wardrobes.
for the next hour and a half, therefore, the curious scene was witnessedof sixty pupils staggering downstairs in turns under the weight of heavybaskets of clothes, and meeting with sundry adventures by the way.
lazygirls gave themselves the usual additional share of trouble byoverweighting their load and toppling it over on the floor; hasty girlstripped on the stairs and collapsed in a heap, with a rain of bootsfalling on their head and pins showering broadcast through thebanisters; careless girls took a rest to ease aching backs, then nippedup the wrong basket and bore it away, to reappear ten minutes later,puffing and injured, and receive indignant reproaches from the rightfulowners.
rhoda worked with a will, undisturbed by any such interruptions.
it waswith the unconsciousness of habit that she shook out her silk-linedskirts, on lifting them from the box, but the rustling sound could notbe mistaken, and instantly she was aware that the girls on either sidewere mincing round in affected fashion, shaking out their own skirts,and simpering meaningly in her direction.
at the first glance from her eyes they became statues of propriety, butshe felt their ridicule, and catching the giggles of laughter whichfollowed her retreat blushed over cheek and neck in an agony ofmortification.
after all, was it appropriate to bring fine clothes to school?
wherethe rules of the house were plain living and high thinking, was it notbetter to dress accordingly?
might not display savour of ignorance, oflack of perception, of--oh, horrors!--of snobbishness itself?
the new dresses hung neglected on their pegs, and rhoda put on a silkblouse with her serge skirt, and walked down to supper in mentalsackcloth and ashes.
but here was a pleasant surprise!
the room was not grey any longer, butflooded with rosy light from the pink-hued shades which covered theelectric burners.
the girls, too, were no longer clad in dark blue asin a uniform, but shone forth in blouses of brilliant hues, pink, blue,red, and white alternating gaily, with an occasional green or yellow toadd to the variety.
there was in the atmosphere an indefinable air ofrelaxation, of rest after labour, which added tenfold to the brightnessof the scene.
what if on each plate there was only a morsel of fish,not half enough to satisfy clamourous appetites, there was unlimitedbread and jam to follow, and if cocoa was not the drink of all otherswhich one would have chosen, it was at least wholesome and satisfying.
rhoda ate and was thankful, and felt ready for bed even before thesummons came.
several times during the day, when her feelings hadthreatened to become too keen for endurance, but pride had forbiddenoutward demonstration, she had cherished a determination to crycomfortably in bed; but when the time came she was so sleepy, soexhausted with excitement, the bed was so unexpectedly sympathetic, thatshe forgot her resolution, and, snoodling down on the pillow, fellswiftly and happily asleep.
the next moment, as it seemed, there came the roll of a distant gong,and instantly there burst into life a score of jangling bells, clangingand tinkling over one's very head in a manner calculated to destroy thestrongest nerves.
rhoda felt an agonised certainty that the chase wason fire, and springing up was confronted by the blue walls of her littlecubicle.
memory came back then, and with a pang of regret she lay backin bed, listening to the succession of groans, yawns, and sighs whicharose from every corner of the room.
they were so eloquent that one could almost _see_ the sleepersstretching themselves in turn, blinking heavy lids, and rubbingdishevelled locks like so many sleek, lazy kittens.
for a moment no onespoke, then began a chorus of lamentations.
it can't be true.
i haven't slept a wink all night!"
"i've been getting up at half-past eight all the holidays, and having acup of tea in bed before that.
it's killing going back to this!"
"wait till the mornings are dark, and the water is frozen in the jugs;that's the time it is really fun.
this is a mere trifle."
"it's not a trifle at all.
i'm a growing girl, and need sleep.
if missbruce had any heart she would see it, and give me an excuse."
"she'll give you a mark instead, if you are not quick.
hurry up now!
cried thomasina's voice, in answer to which there camestill louder groans, and the creaking of bedsteads as one girl afteranother rose to her feet.
rhoda rose with the rest, and for ten minutes there was silence, brokenonly by the splashing of water.
then suddenly the air was filled with adeep, melodious roll, at which, as at a signal, thomasina appeared fromher lair--beautiful in a magenta dressing-jacket, and hair coiled in atight little knot at the top of her head--and opened wide the door ofthe dormitory.
rhoda, peering from between her curtains could see otherdoors opening all the way down the corridor, and bare arms hastilywithdrawn from view, while all the time the music swelled into fullerforce, and pealed over the great, silent house like some majesticwakening voice.
"what is it?"
she queried breathlessly, and thomasina answered frombehind her curtain:"the organ, of course.
the organ in the hall.
one of the musicmistresses plays a voluntary every morning ten minutes after we get up,and the choir sings a hymn.
you will hear them presently.
each housetakes it in turn to do choir duty.
it's the greens this week."
as she spoke the first note of the hymn sounded, and the words roseclearly on the air:--  "holy, holy, holy, lord god almighty,  early in the morning our song shall rise to thee.
holy, holy, holy, merciful and mighty,  god in three persons, blessed trinity!"
the clear voices were softened by distance into almost angelicsweetness, the treble rang true and sweet against the harmoniousbackground of alto; the organ sank to a flute-like softness.
it was anunexpected and beautiful beginning to the day's work, and the tearsstarted to rhoda's eyes as she listened, for she was of an emotionalnature, quick to respond to any outside influence.
she followed eachline of the hymn with devout attention, and when it was finished kneltdown beside her bed to offer a prayer, which was much longer and morefervent than it would have been ten minutes before.
she prayed forstrength, for guidance, and--with a remembrance of yesterday's trials--for patience too, that she might be able to take a joke in good part,and not value too highly her own dignity, and finally rose from herknees in a glow of virtuous resolution.
no sooner was she out of her cubicle than the blow descended.
with theglow of good resolution still upon her, she was tried--and fell!
thomasina regarded her critically, and said, with a cool assurance moremaddening than downright rudeness:"that coiffure is very becoming, fuzzy, but it won't do here.
go backto your den, and plait it in a pigtail like mine!"
the glare of indignation, of scorn, of outraged dignity in rhoda's eyeswas beyond description.
she straightened her back into a poker ofobstinacy, and replied--"i shall do no such thing!
i shall wear my hair as i choose, and as ihave always worn it."
"no you won't, my dear.
pigtails are the rule in this establishment,and pigtails you must wear so long as you are within its walls."
"if a teacher tells me to wear one, i shall obey.
if it is a rule, someone in authority will tell me.
i won't be ordered by you."
there was a gasp of astonishment throughout the room, and one head afteranother peered out to stare at the rebellious spirit who dared to defythat important personage, the head girl.
thomasina closed her eyes and smiled in maddening fashion.
"that's where you make your mistake, sweet love, for it's just exactlywhat you've got to do!
i'm head girl, and don't you forget it.
thequeen on her throne is not more absolute than i am in this room.
if youdon't do what i tell you, it will be my painful duty to report you forinsubordination, and it is a sad thing for a girl to get a mark on herfirst day.
i must trouble you for that pigtail, if you please."
she was speaking the truth, that was evident!
confirmation was writtenon every watching face, in every warning frown.
rhoda's pride battledwith a sense of helplessness so acute that she had much ado not to burstinto tears on the spot.
the two girls stood confronting each other, thenew-comer flushed and quivering, like a beautiful young fury, with herflaxen hair streaming over her shoulders, and her blue eyes sending outsparks of fire; thomasina composed and square, with her lips pursed upin a good-humoured, tolerant smile.
she said, and rhoda whisked round and dashed behind hercurtain, which flew out behind in an aggrieved fashion, as if unused tobe treated with such scant courtesy.
the next few moments seemed tohave concentrated in them a lifetime of bitterness.
the comb tuggedremorselessly through the curling locks, but the physical pain passedunnoticed; it was the blow to pride which hurt--the sharp, sharp stab offinding herself worsted, and obliged to give in to the will of another.
it was nothing at that moment that the pigtail was ugly and unbecoming;rhoda would have shaved her head and gone bald for ever if by this meansshe could have escaped that verdict; but to appear again before all thegirls with that hateful, hateful wisp hanging down her back--she felt asif she would die rather than do it; yet would it not be even moredegrading to wait for a summons?
she stalked forth, straight anddefiant, and was received with a bland smile.
"pretty fair for a first attempt.
plait it down further next time.
imust have my girls neat and tidy.
now then, forward please--right,left!
the order was accompanied by a tap on the shoulder, which put thefinishing touch to rhoda's exasperation.
she stepped into her place inthe queue, trembling from head to foot, and with a painful throbbing inher head which was something new in her healthy experience.
immediatelyin front marched a tall, straight form, whom at first she failed torecognise, but at the head of the staircase there came a temporary wait,and then the head was turned towards her, and, behold, it was dorothyherself, pigtailed like the rest, and looking curiously reduced withoutthe background of hair.
she cried cheerily, and rhoda gasped a breathless question.
did she tell you?
i never heard--""didn't give her a chance!
heard her ordering you, and nipped mine upin a trice.
treat it as a matter of course, and don't seem to mind--that's the tip!
only get yourself disliked by making a fuss."
"i know, but i _can't_ help it," sighed rhoda dismally.
"i'm not used to bullying, and it makes me wild.
my head's splitting.
i feel all churned up."
"worse troubles at sea!"
said dorothy shortly, and after that there wasno more chance of conversation, for the queue moved on again, and theywere separated at breakfast as at dinner the night before.
thomasinasat opposite to rhoda, and pressed the various dishes upon her good-temperedly, ignoring all causes of discord, an attitude which, if shehad only known it, but added to the score against her, for pride forceda haughty "no, thanks," whilst appetite prompted "yes, please."
to sitwith empty plate, and see others feast on bread and marmalade is noslight trial when one is fifteen and a-hungred, but no one urged rhodato change her mind, or thought it possible to succeed where the headgirl failed.
there were no regular lessons during the morning, but a great deal ofconfusing moving to and fro from one class-room to another, to go overpreliminary arrangements, and receive instructions from the mistresses.
sometimes the new girls were ignored altogether, and then they feltworms, and ready to sink through the earth; sometimes they werequestioned as to their attainments, and then the very walls seemed tohave ears, and their replies echoed through a deadly silence.
dorothyattained a fair level throughout, and reaped neither praise nor blame,but rhoda knew alternate rapture and despair, as mademoiselle andfraulein beamed approval, and the "class-mistress" put up her eye-glasses and regarded her as one might regard a wild animal at the zoo,upon hearing that she had "done" no latin or mathematics.
"you will not do much good at this school without them," she said,severely.
"they are the most important subjects.
i advise you to giveall the time you can spare to working them up, and to get, if possible,some coaching during the holidays.
that is, of course, if you wish toexcel."
if she wished to excel!
did any one suppose for a momentthat rhoda chester would be content to remain among the rank and file?
did they think that she could continue to be ignored, and live!
tenthousand times no!
"a day would come!"
as disraeli had said.
theythought just now that she was nobody, but in time to come the schoolwould know her name, would be proud of it, would boast of it to otherschools.
rhoda reared her head and smiled complacently, and the class-mistress noted the action, and made a mental note that the new pupilmust be "kept down."
the morning seemed very long, but it came to an end at last with ablessed ten minutes "off" before preparing for dinner.
the other girlshurried to their cubicles, but rhoda waylaid miss everett in thecorridor, and appealed to her in breathless eagerness.
"you said i was to come to you in any difficulty...  i want to know ifit is necessary for me to wear my hair like this?
i never do it athome, and i'm sure my mother wouldn't like it.
is it really the rule?"
"i'm afraid it is," said miss everett kindly.
"you don't like it, eh?
well, i don't wonder!
i shouldn't myself, in your place; but you see,dear, bending over desks, and running about at games, loose hair gets inthe way, and cannot possibly be kept tidy.
it seems an arbitrary rule,but there's reason in it, as there is in all the rules if you think themout, and it doesn't apply to every day.
on thursday evening we have`frolics,' and then you can wear it loose, and put on your prettiestthings.
there is always something going on--concerts, dances, ortheatricals--and miss bruce likes the girls to look bonnie and festive.
on sundays, too, you can go back to your mop if you choose.
i hope youwill, for i like to see it.
i have a little sister with hair just likeyours."
she laid her hand affectionately on the curly head, and the touch ofkindliness acted as balm to rhoda's sore heart.
her eyes glistened withunshed tears, and she said huskily:"i'll do anything _you_ tell me.
i won't mind; but that thomasina--she's hateful!
i can't stand being ordered about by a girl of my ownage."
cried miss everett, and sighed as at the recurrence of a well-known trouble.
"well, you know, rhoda, you must get over that feeling,and conform to the rules of the school.
thomasina is a great help tome, and makes a capital `head girl.'
you see, dear, i have no time tolook after these details.
the girls think that they are busy, but longafter they are asleep at night i am slaving away correcting exercises.
oh such piles of books!
it makes me tired even to see them.
i'll dowhat i can for you, but you mustn't expect too much; and after all, in aweek or ten days you will have mastered the rules, and the difficultywill be over.
you wouldn't make a fuss for one week, would you?
there is one thing i _can_ tell you now, and that is that you won't beallowed to wear those slippers any longer.
i'll give you an order, andyou can go downstairs to the bureau and get a pair of school shoes likethe other girls wear."
rhoda gasped with dismay.
those frightful things with square toes and no heels!
thoseawful tubs that thomasina waddles about in!"
miss everett laughed gaily.
she was only a girl herself, and she cast aquick glance up and down the corridor to see if any one were comingbefore she drew aside her skirt to exhibit her own flat feet.
"they _are_ awful!
i love pretty shoes, too; and the first time i worethese i--i _cried_!
i was very home-sick, you see, and nervous andanxious about my work, and it seemed the last straw.
it'sonly a little thing, and on thursday you shall wear your very best pairand i'll wear mine, and we'll compare notes and see which is theprettier."
to say that rhoda adored her is to state the matter feebly.
she couldhave knelt down in the passage and kissed the ugly little feet; shecould have done homage before this young mistress as before a saint;when the light streamed out of a window and rested on her head, itseemed to take the form of a halo!
she went meekly downstairs, procured the shoes, and carried them intodorothy's cubicle, to display before the eyes of that horrified youngwoman.
we've got to wear those, too!
it's the rule.
miss everetttold me, and gave me an order to get them.
you had better ask her forone before thomasina gets a chance."
dorothy looked at her solemnly, and measured the slipper against her ownneat shoe; then she took off the latter and held the two side by side.
one was arched and slim, the other flat and square; one had french heelsand little sparkling buckles, the other was of dull leather, unrelievedby any trace of ornament.
she sighed hopelessly.
there was no end to the surprises of that wonderful school!
when rhodareturned to her cubicle to get "tidy" for dinner, she washed, brushedher hair, put an extra pin in her tie to make sure that it was straight,wriggled round before the glass to see that belt and bodice wereimmaculately connected, put a clean handkerchief in her pocket, nickedthe clothes-brush over her skirt, and, what could one do more?
itseemed on the face of it that one could do nothing, but the other girlshad accomplished a great deal more than this.
rhoda never forgot theshock of dismay which she experienced on first stepping forth, andbeholding them.
it was surely a room full of boys, not girls, forskirts had disappeared, and knickerbockers reigned in their stead.
thegirls wore gym.
costumes, composed of the aforesaid knickers, and ashort tunic, girt round the waist with a blue sash, to represent theinevitable house colour.
thomasina's aspect was astounding, as shestrode to and fro awaiting the gathering of her forces, and the newgirls stared at her with distended eyeballs.
rhoda had registered a vownever to volunteer a remark to the hateful creature; but dorothystammered out a breathless--"you never said--we never knew--is it a _rule_?"
"not compulsory, or i would have told you; you may do as you please.
they wear gyms, at wycombe in the afternoon, and we have adopted theidea to a certain extent.
most of the girls prefer it for the sake ofthe games, for it is so much easier to run about like this.
for myself,i affect it for the sake of appearances.
it is so becoming to myyouthful charms."
she simpered as she spoke, with an affectation of coyness that wasirresistibly amusing.
dorothy laughed merrily, and rhoda resisted doingthe same only by an enormous effort of self-will.
she succeeded,however, in looking sulky and bad-tempered, and went downstairs feelingquite pleased with herself for resisting an unworthy impulse.
all the old girls were in gym.
costume, and a quaint sight it was towatch them descending the great central staircase.
lanky girls, lookinglankier than ever; fat girls, looking fatter than ever; tall girlsmagnified into giantesses; poor little stumpies looking as if viewedthrough a bad piece of window glass.
plump legs, scraggy legs, and legsof one width all the way down, and at the end of each the sad,inevitable shoe, and down each back the sad, inevitable pigtail!
nowand again would come a figure, light and graceful as a fawn, theembodiment of charming youth; but as a rule the effect was far frombecoming.
rhoda's criticisms, however, were less scathing than usual, for sheherself was suffering from an unusual attack of humility!
if any readerof this veracious history has to do with the management of a self-confident, high-spirited girl, who needs humbling and bringing to hersenses, let the author confidently recommend the pigtail and flat-heeledsystem!
to fasten back a mane of hair is at once to deprive the culpritof one of her most formidable means of defence.
she has no shelter behind which to retire, as an ambush from the enemy;she has nothing to toss and whisk from side to side, expressing defiancewithout a word being uttered.
the very weight of the pigtail is asobering influence; its solemn, pendulum movement is incompatible withrevolt.
as for the slippers--well, try heel-less shoes yourself, andtest their effect!
they bring one to earth, indeed, in the deepestsense of the word.
all very well to mince about in french shoes, andthink "what a fine girl am i," but once try mincing in flat, squaresoles, and you will realise that the days are over for that kind ofthing, and that nothing remains but humility and assent!
dinner over, the girls adjourned into the grounds; but as games, likelessons, could not be begun without some preliminary arrangement, mostof the pupils contented themselves with strolling about, in twos andthrees, exchanging confidences about the holidays and hatching plans forthe weeks to come.
rhoda and dorothy were standing disconsolatelytogether, when miss everett flitted past, and stopped for a moment totake pity on their loneliness.
"what are you two going to do?
you mustn't stand here looking likepelicans in the wilderness.
you must walk about and get some exercise.
i'm too busy to go with you myself, but--er--kathleen!"
she held up herhand in summons to the second-term girl who had volunteered informationabout the lords and commons--"here, kathleen, you remember what it is tobe a new girl; take rhoda and dorothy round the grounds, and show themeverything that is interesting.
have a brisk walk, all of you, and comeback with some colour in your cheeks!"
she was off again, smiling and waving her hand, and the three girlsstood gazing at each other in shy, uncertain fashion.
"well," said kathleen, "where shall we go first?
the beech walk, isuppose; it's half-a-mile long, so if we go to the end and back we shallhave a constitutional before looking at the sights.
the grounds arevery fine here, and there is lots of room for all we want to do.
youcan find a sunny bit, or a shady bit, according to the weather, but it'sonly on really scorching days that we are allowed to lounge.
thenthere's a scramble for hammocks, and the lucky girls tie them on to thebranches of trees, and swing about, while the others sit on the grass.
once or twice we had tea under the trees, and that was fine, but as arule they keep you moving.
games are nearly as hard work as lessons!"
"but you needn't play unless you like?"
"oh, yes, you must; unless you are ill or tired.
you can get off anyday if you don't feel well, but not altogether.
and you would not wishto either.
it would be so horribly flat!
once you are into a team, youare all anxiety to get into another, and i can tell you when you seeyour remove posted up on the board, it is b-liss!--perfect bliss!"
the recruits laughed, and looked at their new friend with approvingglances.
she was, so far, the only one of the girls who had treatedthem on an equality, and gave herself no air of patronage, and they werecorrespondingly appreciative.
they asked eagerly in which games she hadwon her remove, and rhoda, at least, was disappointed at the answer.
that's the great summer game.
i've three brothers at home,and used to practise with them sometimes to make an extra one.
theysnubbed me, of course: but i'm not a bad bat, though i say it myself."
"and what about tennis?"
kathleen pursed up her lips.
"we have courts, of course, butits rather--_missy_, don't you think?
the sports captains look down onit, and so, of course, it's unpopular.
the little girls playoccasionally.
it keeps them happy."
this was a nice way to speak of a game which had been for years thepopular amusement of young england!
rhoda was so shocked anddisappointed that she hardly dared mention croquet, and it seemed,indeed, as if it would have been better if she had refrained, forkathleen fairly shouted at the name.
"my dear, how can you!
_nobody_ plays croquet except old tab-- i meanladies who are too old to do anything else.
miss bruce plays sometimeswhen she has the vicar's wife to tea.
we hide behind the bushes andwatch them and shake with laughter.
i should liketo see tom's face if you mentioned croquet to her!"
"it's a matter of perfect indifference to me what miss bolderstonthinks," said rhoda, loftily; but she veered away from the subject ofgames all the same and tackled lessons instead.
"are you working for any special examination, or just taking it easily?"
"i'm going in for the oxford senior in summer.
my birthday is sohorribly arranged that it comes just one week before the limit.
a fewdays later would give me a year to the good, but as it is it's my lastchance.
if i can only scrape through in preliminaries i am not afraidof the rest, but i am hopelessly bad in arithmetic.
i add up with allmy fingers, and even then the result comes wrong; and when so muchdepends upon it i know i shall get flurried and be worse than ever."
"the great thing is to keep cool.
if you don't lose your head, ishouldn't wonder if the excitement helped you.
say to yourself, `_don'tbe a fool_!'
and _make_ yourself keep quiet," quoth miss rhoda, with anair of wisdom which evidently impressed her hearers.
they glanced firstat her and then at each other, and the glance said plainly as wordscould speak that here was a girl who had strength of mind--a girl whowould make her mark in the school!
said kathleen, meekly.
"i am terribly anxious about thisexam., for if i do well and pass better than any one else in the schooli shall get a scholarship of £40 towards next year's fees.
that wouldbe a great help to my parents, for they are poor, and have only sent mehere that i may have a chance of getting on and being able to teach someday.
i should be so thankful if i could help, for it's horrid to knowthe people at home are stinting themselves for your sake.
i lie awakeat nights imagining that the report is in, and i am first, and then iwrite a long letter home and tell them about it.
each time i invent afresh letter, and they are so touching, you can't think!
i cried overone, one night, and tom came round to see what was the matter.
at othertimes i imagine i'm plucked, and i go cold all over; i think i should_die_!
never mind, nine months yet!
i'll work like a slave, and if i_do_ fail no one can say it's my own fault."
"you won't fail.
don't imagine anything so horrible!
you will get overyour nervousness and do splendidly, and write your letter in realearnest," cried dorothy cheerily.
"i am going in for the oxford too,but you need fear no rival in me.
i am one of those deadly,uninteresting creatures, who never reach anything but a fair medium.
there isn't a `distinction' in me, and one could never be first at thatrate.
a scrape-through pass is all _i'm_ good for!"
"i could get two distinctions at once!
i know more german and frenchthan ninety girls out of a hundred.
it's a bigstart.
i wonder--i wonder if i could possibly be first!"
said rhoda toherself, and her breath came fast, and her cheeks grew suddenly hot.
if she studied hard, and worked up thesubjects on which she was behind, might she not have a chance with therest?
the first girl!
oh, if only it could be possible, what joy, whatrapture!
what a demonstration of power before the school.
she went offinto a blissful dream in which she stood apart, receiving thecongratulations of miss bruce and her staff, and saw thomasina's faceregarding her with a new expression of awe.
then she came back to reallife, to look remorsefully at her new friend, and notice for the firsttime her pinched and anxious air.
"but i would give kathleen the money.
i want nothing but the honour,"she assured herself, shutting her mind obstinately against theconviction that such a division might not be altogether easy to arrange.
"and dorothy is going in, too; lots of girls are going in, so whyshould not i?
and if i enter i must do my best; nobody could object tothat!"
nevertheless there was an unaccountable weight on her heart, which madeit a relief when the subject dropped, and kathleen began to point outthe various out-buildings scattered over the grounds.
"that's the pavilion.
we keep all the games there, and it's so nicelyfurnished.
there is quite a pretty sitting-room, and a stove, and allthe materials for making tea.
on saturday afternoons the winning teamsmay stay behind and have tea there by themselves, and buy cakes from thehousekeeper.
we look forward to it as the saturdaytreat, and aren't you just mad if your side loses!
that's the joiner'sshop.
you can have lessons if you like, and learn to make all sorts ofthings; but i've no ambition to be a carpenter, so i don't go...  that'sa summer-house, but it's so earwiggy that we leave it alone...  that wasmeant to be a swimming-bath, but the water comes straight from a well,and it is so deadly cold that the girls got cramp, and miss bruceforbade them to use it any more.
it looks wretchedly deserted now.
ifyou want to be miserable all by yourself you couldn't have a betterplace.
it's so still and dark, and the birds have built their nests inthe corners, and come suddenly flying past, and frighten you out of yourwits...  those little patches are the girls' own gardens.
you can havelessons in gardening, and get a prize if you are clever.
i don't go infor that either, for it's an extra expense."
"oh, i must have a garden!"
cried rhoda quickly.
"i adore flowers, andthey could send me cuttings from home.
i always had my own garden, buti didn't do the work, of course.
i just said how it was to be arranged,and what plants i wanted, and every one admired it, and said howsuccessful it was.
i had big clumps of things, you know; not onestraggling plant here and another there, but all banked up together.
you should have seen my lily bed!
i made the men collect all the oddbulbs and plant them together, and they were a perfect show.
the scentmet you half-way down the path; it was almost overpowering.
and then ihad a lot of the new cactus dahlias, and left only about two branches oneach, so that they came up like one huge bush with all the lovelycontrasting colours.
many people say they don't like dahlias, but thatis only because they haven't seen them properly grown."
"oh well, i loathe them myself, and i always shall do.
you never getany satisfaction out of them, however pretty they may be, for as soon aspeople see them, they begin groaning and saying, `oh, dear, dear, autumnflowers already!
how sad it is.
winter will soon be upon us.'"
dorothy sniffed derisively.
it was evident that no support was to beexpected from her on the dahlia question, and rhoda felt that only timeand experience could prove to her the folly of her position.
when all the out-buildings had been explained, kathleen led the way downa winding path which seemed to lead to nowhere in particular, but ratherto come to an abrupt _cul-de-sac_ in the shape of a high grey wall.
hercompanions wondered at her choice, but she went forward with an air ofdetermination, so that there was nothing left but to follow, and hopesoon to return to more interesting scenes.
when she came to the end ofthe path, however, she stood still and began to smile with a mostbaffling air of mystery.
what did it mean?
what were they expected tosee?
the girls wheeled to and fro, looked at the paths, the beds, theflowers, frowned in bewilderment, and then suddenly lifted their eyes tothe wall, and uttered simultaneous exclamations of surprise.
the wall was dotted over with little tablets of stone, on each of whichwas a neatly engraved inscription, and each inscription bore the name ofa girl at its head.
rhoda craned forward and read first one and thenanother:"...winifred barton, joined hurst manor, september, 189--, leftchristmas, 189--.
the youngest pupil who ever obtained honours inmathematics in the oxford local examinations."
"elizabeth charrington, an old pupil of the school, obtained first classin the honours school of modern history at oxford."
"eleanor newman, joined hurst manor, september, 189--, left mid., 189--.
beloved by her fellow-students as the kindest and most loyal offriends, the most unselfish of competitors.
held in gratefulremembrance for the power of her influence and example."
for two years games president of the school.
winner ofthe wimbledon lawn tennis tournament, 189--.
holder of edinburgh golfcup, 189--.
a just and fearless sportswoman..."the list of names went on indefinitely, but rhoda had read enough toinflame curiosity, and wheeled eagerly round to confront kathleen.
"what is it?
what does it mean?
who puts them up?
is it just thecleverest girls?--""it's the record wall!"
"we are very proud of our recordwall at hurst.
the cost of these tablets is paid by the pupilsthemselves, and they are put up entirely at their discretion.
theteachers have nothing to do with it.
if a girl has distinguishedherself at work, but is conceited and overbearing, and makes herselfdisliked, no one wants to put up a tablet to _her_; so it is really atestimony to character, as well as to cleverness.
eleanor newman wasquite stupid, they say.
i never knew her.
she never passed a singleexamination, nor took a prize nor anything, yet every one loved her.
she was a little, fair thing, with curly hair too short to tie back, andsoft, grey eyes.
she wasn't a bit goody, but she always seemed waitingto do kind things, and make peace, and cheer the girls when they werehome-sick.
and no one ever heard her say a cross word, or make anuncharitable remark."
"and did she die?"
croaked rhoda solemnly.
a long experience of girls'stories had taught her that when girls were sweet and fair, and neversaid an unkind word, they invariably caught a chill, and died of rapidconsumption.
she expected to hear the same report of eleanor newman,but kathleen replied briskly:"die!
not a bit of it.
she married, at nineteen, a doctor down inhampshire, and brought him to see the school on their honeymoon.
thegreens escorted her in a body to the record wall, and when she saw herown name she covered her face with her hands, and flew for her life.
and her husband looked quite weepy.
the girls said he could hardlyspeak!"
sighed rhoda, and was silent.
she felt "weepy" too, filled witha sudden yearning, a sudden realisation of want.
eleanor newman hadrisen to heights to which she could never attain.
"a little, fairthing, and almost stupid," yet her school-fellows loved her, andimmortalised her name in words of grateful loyalty.
she sighed again,and yet again, and heard kathleen's voice cry sharply--"oh, i look at that empty space, and wonder if this time next year ishall read there that i have passed first, and won the scholarship.
iwonder if ever, ever there will be a tablet with my name upon it!"
"i expect there will be," said dorothy.
"it's a lovely idea, and i canimagine every girl longing to see her name on the scroll of honour; butfor my own part i never shall.
not for this child!
there is no hopefor me, unless they put me up as `a good little tortoise who never fellasleep.'
the worst of it is that in real life the hare keeps awake too,and spoils one's chance.
i must be content to bloom, in obscurity--`aviolet by a mossy dell, half hidden from the eye'--"but rhoda already saw a new tablet twinkling on the empty space, atablet recording phenomenal success and distinction, and the name at thehead of the inscription was not "kathleen murray," but one much morefamiliar in her ears!
sunday afternoon was hopelessly wet; but the fact was less regrettedthan usual, as from three to four was the time put aside for writinghome.
so far a postcard to announce safe arrival had been the only wordwritten, and each girl was eager to pour forth her feelings at length,to tell the latest news, and report changes of class.
the two new-comers had a score of complaints and lamentations to record, and rhoda,at least, entered unhesitatingly into the recital.
she had never been so miserable in her life.
the girls were hateful,domineering, and unfriendly--miss bruce had spoken to her three timesonly--the food was good enough in its way, but so plain that she simplylonged for something _nice_; the lessons were difficult, the hoursunbearably long.--it took three whole sheets to complete the list ofgrievances, by which time her hand was so tired that she read it over byway of a rest, with the result that she was quite astonished to discoverhow miserable she had been!
everything she had said was true, and yetsomehow the impression given was of a depth of woe which she could nothonestly say she had experienced.
perhaps it was that she had omittedto mention the alleviating circumstances--miss everett's sweetness,fraulein's praise, hours of relaxation in the grounds, signs ofsoftening on the part of the girls, early hours and regular exercises,which sent her to the simple meals with an appetite she had never knownat home.
five days at school, and on the whole there had been as muchpleasure as suffering.
then, was it quite fair to send home such amisleading account?
rhoda drew from her pocket the latest of the five loving letters pennedby the maternal hand, and read it through for the dozenth time.
sundaywas a lonely day for new-comers, and the period occupied by the sermonin church had been principally occupied by rhoda in pressing back thetears which showed a presumptuous desire to roll down her cheeks andsplash upon her gloves.
it had been a sweet consolation to read overand over again the words which showed that though she might be one of acrowd at "hurst," she was still the treasured darling of her home.
there was nothing original in the letter; it simply repeated indifferent words the contents of its four predecessors--sorrow for herabsence, prayers for her welfare, anxiety for the first long letter.
"i can hardly wait until monday morning.
i am so longing to know howyou are faring!"
rhoda read these words, and looked slowly down uponher own letter.
it would arrive, and the butler would place it onthe breakfast-table, and her mother would come hurrying into the room,and seize it with a little cry of joy.
she would read it over, andthen--then she would hand it to her husband, and take out herhandkerchief and begin to cry.
mr chester would pooh-pooh herdistress, but she would cry quietly behind the urn, and despite hisaffectation of indifference he, also, would look worried and troubled;while harold would declare that every one must go through the same stagebefore settling down, and that rhoda might be expected to "make a fuss."
she had been so spoiled at home!
rhoda dug her pen into the blotting-paper, and frowned uneasily.
fivedays' experience at school had impressed her with the feebleness of"making a fuss."
"if you are hurt--bear it!
if you are teased--look pleasant!
if youare blamed--do better next time!
if you feel blue--perk up, and don'tbe a baby!"
such were the spartan rules of the new life, and anunaccustomed shame rose up in her mind at the realisation of theselfishness and weak betrayal of that first home letter.
was it notpossible to represent the truth from the bright side as well as thedark, to dwell on the kindnesses she had received, and leavedisagreeables untold?
yes, it _was_ possible; she would do so, and saveher dear ones the pain of grieving for her unhappiness.
so the thicksheets were torn across with a wrench, which made thomasina look up fromher desk.
as a head girl, "tom" possessed a study of her own, to which she hadprepared to depart earlier in the afternoon, but had been persuaded tostay by the entreaties of her companions.
"tom, don't go!
don't leave us!
it's a wet day, and so dull--do staywith us till tea-time.
urged the suppliantvoices, and so tom sat down to her desk in the house-parlour which wasthe property of the elder blues, and indited letters on blue-lined,manly paper, with a manly quill pen.
as her eyes rested on the torn letter and on the clean sheet of paperdrawn up for a fresh start, she smiled, a quiet understand-all-about-itsmile, which rhoda chose to consider an impertinent liberty.
then downwent her head again, and the scrape, scrape of pens continued until fouro'clock, by which time the girls were thankful to fold the sheets intheir envelopes and make them ready for post.
rhoda read over hersecond effort in a glow of virtue, and found it a model of excellence.
no complaints this time, no weak self-pity; but a plain statement offacts without any personal bias.
her father and mother would believethat she was entirely contented; but harold, having been through thesame experiences, would read between the lines and understand thereserve.
he would say to himself that he had not expected it of rhoda,and that she had behaved "like a brick," and harold's praise was worthreceiving.
altogether it was in a happier frame of mind that rhoda left her deskand took her place in one of the easy chairs with which the room wassupplied.
from four to five was a free hour on sundays, and the girlswere allowed to spend it as they liked, without the presence of ateacher.
this afternoon talk was the order of the day, each girl in turn relatingthe doings of the holidays, and having her adventures capped by the nextspeaker.
thomasina, however, showed a sleepy tendency, and kept dozingoff for a short nap, and then nodding her head so violently that sheawoke with a gasp of surprise.
in one of these intervals she metdorothy's eyes fixed upon her with a wondering scrutiny, which seemed toafford her acute satisfaction.
she cried, sitting up and looking in a trice quite spry and wide-awake.
"i know what you are doing!
you are admiring me, and wonderingwhat work of nature i most resemble.
i can see it in your face.
andyou came to the conclusion that it was a codfish!
no quibbles, please!
tell me the truth.
that was just exactly it, wasn't it?"
cried dorothy emphatically, but the emphasis expressed rathercontrition for a lost opportunity than for a wrongful suspicion.
"no, idid not!"
it seemed to say, "how stupid not to have thought of it.
"then you are the exception, that's all.
allthe new-comers say so, and therein they err.
it's not a cod at all,it's a pike.
i am the staring image of a pike!"
she screwed up her little eyes as she spoke, and pulled back her chin ina wonderful, fish-like grin which awoke a shriek of merriment from thebeholders.
even rhoda laughed with the rest, and reflected that if onewere born ugly it was a capital plan to accept the fact, and make it ajoke rather than a reproach.
thomasina was the plainest girl she hadever seen, yet she exercised a wonderful attraction, and was infinitelymore popular among her companions than irene grey, with her big eyes andwell-cut features.
"next time you catch a pike just look at it and see if i'm not right,"continued tom easily.
"but perhaps you don't fish.
i'm a great anglermyself.
that's the way i spend most of my time during the holidays."
"i don't like fishing, its so wormy," said irene, with a shudder.
"ilike lolling about and feeling that there's nothing to do, and nowretched bells jangling every half-hour to send you off to a freshclass.
`nerve rest,' that's what _i_ need in my holidays, and i takegood care that i get it."
"i don't want rest.
i want to fly round the whole day and do nicethings," said a bright-eyed girl in a wonderful plaid dress ornamentedwith countless buttons--"lunches, and teas, and dinners, and picnics,and dances, and plays.
i like to live in a whirl, and stay in bed tobreakfast, and be waited on hand and foot.
i don't say i _get_ it, butit's what i would have if i could."
"well, i'm a nice, good little maid who likes to help her mother and beuseful.
when i go back i say to her, `now don't worry any more, dear;leave all to me,' and i run the house and make them all c-ringe beforeme.
even the cook is afraid of me.
she says i have such `masterfulways.'"
the speaker was a tall, fair girl, with a very large pair of spectaclesperched on the bridge of an aquiline nose.
she looked "masterful"enough to frighten a dozen cooks, and made a striking contrast to thenext speaker, a mouse-like, pinched little creature, with an air ofconscious, though unwilling, virtue.
"i spent the last half of these holidays with a clergyman uncle, andhelped in the parish.
i played the harmonium for the choir practice,and kept the books for the guilds and societies.
his daughter was ill,and there was no one else to take her place, so, of course, i went atonce.
it is quite a tiny little country place--condleton, inloamshire."
cried rhoda, and sat erect in her seat sparkling with animation.
i know it quite well.
i often drive over there with myponies.
it is only six miles from our place, and such a pretty drive.
i know the vicarage quite well, and the church, and the funny littlecross in the high street!"
she spoke perfectly simply, and without thought of ostentation, for herparents' riches had come when she herself was so young that she had noremembrance of the little house in the manufacturing town, but looked asa matter of course upon the luxuries with which she was surrounded.
itnever occurred to her mind that any of her remarks could be looked uponas boasting, but there was a universal glancing and smiling round theroom, and thomasina enquired gravely:"do you drive the same pair every day?"
oh, yes, generally," replied rhoda innocently.
"they arefrisky little things, and need exercise.
of course if we go a very longway, i give them a rest next day and drive the cobs, but as a rule theygo out regularly."
thomasina shook her head in solemnest disapproval.
"that's a mistake!
you should change _every_ day.
the merciful man is merciful to hisbeast.
i can't endure to see people thoughtless in these matters.
mystud groom has special orders _never_ to send out the postilions on thesame mounts oftener than twice a week!"
there was a moment's pause, and then a shriek of laughter.
girls threwthemselves back in their seats, and held their sides with their hands;girls stamped on the floor, and rolled about as though they could notcontain their delight; girls mopped their eyes and gasped, "oh, dear!
and grew red up to the roots of their hair.
and rhoda's faceshone out, pale and fixed, in a white fury of anger.
"you are a very rude, ill-bred girl, thomasina bolderston!
i made aninnocent remark, and you twist it about so as to insult me before allthe house!
you will ask my pardon at once if you have any rightfeeling."
"i'm the head girl, my dear.
the head girl doesn't ask pardon of asilly new-comer who can't take a joke!"
"i fail to see where the joke comes in.
if you are head girl a dozentimes over, it doesn't alter the fact that you don't know how to behave.
you have bullied me and made me miserable ever since i came to thisschool, and i won't stand it any longer, and so i give you notice!"
"much obliged, but it's no use.
the rules of this school are that thepupils must obey the head girl in her own department, and there can beno exception in your favour, unpleasant as you find my yoke."
"when _i_ am a head girl i shall try to be worthy of the position.
i'llbe kind to new girls, and set them a good example.
i'll not jeer atthem and make them so wretched that they wish they never had been born!"
thomasina leant her head on her hand, and gazed fixedly into the angryface.
she made no reply, but there was no lack of speakers to vindicateher honour.
sneering voices rose on every side in a clamour ofindignant protest.
"when _she_ is head girl indeed!
it will be a good time before _that_happens, i should say."
"not in our day, let us hope.
we are not worthy to be under such amistress."
"oh my goodness, what a pattern she will be; what a shining example!
you can see her wings even now beginning to sprout."
it's not wings, it's only round shoulders.
thesegrowing girls _will_ stoop.
you had better be careful, or you will beset in order next."
rhoda looked across the room with smarting, tear-filled eyes.
"don't alarm yourselves; i wouldn't condescend to bandy words.
you arelike our leader--not worthy of notice!"
"look here, rhoda chester, say what you like about us, but leavethomasina alone.
we will not have our head girl insulted, if we knowit.
if you say another word we will turn you out into the passage."
"thank you, beatrice; no need to get excited; i can fight my own battleswithout your help.
this little difference is between rhoda and me, andwe must settle it together.
i think we could talk matters over morecomfortably in my study, without interrupting your rest hour.
may itrouble you, miss chester?
three doors along the passage.
i won't takeyou far out of your way!"
thomasina rose from her seat, and waved her hand towards the door.
shewas all smiles and blandness, but a gasp of dismay sounded through theroom, as if a private interview in the head girl's study was no lightthing to contemplate.
rhoda's heart beat fast with apprehension.
what was going to happen.
what would take place next?
it was like the invitation of the spider tothe fly--full of subtle terror.
nevertheless, her pride would not allowher to object, and, throwing back her head, she marched promptly, andwithout hesitation, along the corridor.
thomasina led the way into her study, and shut the door behind her.
itwas a bare little room, singularly free from those photographs and nick-nacks with which most girls love to adorn a private sanctum.
it lookedwhat it was--a workroom pure and simple, with a pile of writingmaterials on the table, and the walls ornamented with maps and sheets ofpaper, containing jottings of the hours of classes and games.
on themantelpiece reposed a ball of string, a dogskin glove, a matchbox, and aphotograph of an elderly gentleman, whose pike-like aspect sufficientlyproclaimed his relationship.
there were three straight-back chairs,supplied by the school, and two easier ones of thomasina's ownproviding, both in the last stages of invalidism.
the mistress of this luxurious domain turned towards her visitor with ahospitable smile.
"sit down," she cried, "make yourself comfortable.
not that chair--thespokes have given way, and it might land you on the floor.
try theblue, and keep your skirts to the front, so that it won't catch on thenails.
i can't think how it is that my chairs go wrong.
i'm alwaystinkering at them.
nice little study, isn't it?
assented rhoda, who privately thought it the most forlorn-looking apartment she had ever seen, but was in no mood to discusseither its merits or demerits.
it was in no friendly spirit that shehad paid this visit; then why waste time on foolish preliminaries?
shelooked expectantly at thomasina, and thomasina stood in front of thechimney-piece with both hands thrust into the side pockets of herbicycling skirt, jingling their contents in an easy, gentlemanlyfashion.
from her leathern band depended a steel chain which lostitself in the depths of the right-hand pocket.
rhoda felt anunaccountable curiosity to discover what hung at the end of that chainand rattled in so uncanny a fashion.
began thomasina, tilting herself slowly forward on the points ofher flat, wide shoes, "well, and now about this little matter.
i askedyou to step in here because i think differences of opinion are moreeasily settled without an audience, and as it were, man to man."
sheburied her chin in her necktie, and gazed across the room with a calm,speculative glance.
the likeness between her and the pike-likegentleman grew more startling every moment.
"now, we have known eachother barely a week, and already i have offended you deeply, and you,without knowing it, have hit me on a tender spot.
it is time that wecame to an understanding.
before going any further, however, there areone or two questions i should like to ask.
you have had time to noticea good many things since you arrived.
you have seen me constantly withthe girls.
do they dislike me?
do they speak of me hardly behind myback?
do they consider me a bully or a sneak?
should you say on thewhole that i was popular or unpopular?"
said rhoda firmly.
whatever happened she would speak thetruth, and not quibble with obvious facts.
"they like you very much."
"and you wonder how they can, eh?
nevertheless it's true.
i'll tellyou something more.
i'm the most popular head girl at hurst.
you askthe other colours to-morrow, and they'll tell you to a man that you arelucky to have me.
very well then, rhoda, who's to blame if you thinkthe opposite?
yourself, and nobody but yourself, as i'll proceed toprove.
you come to school with a flourish of trumpets, thinking you aredoing us a mighty big favour by settling among us, and that you are tobe allowed to amble along at your own sweet will, ignoring rules youdon't like, graciously agreeing to those you do, and prepared to turninto a wild cat the first moment any one tries to keep you in order.
then, when you are unhappy, as you jolly well deserve to be, you turnand rend me, and say it is my fault.
if all the new girls behaved asyou have done, i should have been in my little tomb long ago, and youwould have some one else to deal with.
it seems to me, my dear, thatyou don't recognise my duties.
i am placed in a position of authority,and am bound to enforce the rules.
if the girls are obedient, well andgood; if they kick, well and good also.
_i break 'em in_!
i'm going tobreak _you_ in, rhoda chester, and the sooner you realise it the happieryou'll be."
rhoda looked at her fully, with a firmness of chin, a straightness ofeye, which argued ill for the success of the project.
"you will never break me in, as you call it, by domineering, andtreating me like a child."
"i know it, my dear.
i haven't been studying girls all these yearswithout learning something of character.
some fillies you can drivewith a snaffle, others need the curb.
you drive yourself, andunderstand what i mean.
i can see quite well that you are a proud,sensitive girl, with a good heart hidden away behind a lot of nonsense.
if it were not for that heart i shouldn't trouble myself about you, butsimply give my orders, and see that they were obeyed.
but there'snothing mean about me, and i'd scorn to take an unfair advantage.
now,i'll tell you straight that i have come to the conclusion that i judgedyou wrongly about that pony business, and that you didn't mean to brag.
i saw by the way you flared out that you were really hurt, and i wassorry.
i've no pity on brag, but when i judge a girl wrongly i feelsick.
if it's any relief to your mind to know it, i believe that littleepisode upset me more than it did you.
when you said i was not worthyof my position, and made new-comers wretched, you hit me very hard,rhoda, very hard indeed!"
she stopped short and jingled furiously at her chains, then suddenlylooked up, gave a roguish smile, and cried, insinuatingly--"there, i've done my part.
i've acknowledged i was wrong.
you are nocoward, so you will do as much!
you will admit that you have been adifficult subject, won't you now?"
rhoda looked at her and hesitated.
she cleared her throat anddetermined to speak openly, and then suddenly, suddenly, somethingswelled at her throat, and she heard her own voice say chokingly:"i suppose i've been stupid...  i've never been accustomed to be--ordered about!
i'm sorry if i was disagreeable, but i never, nevermeant to--give myself airs!"
"but you did though, all the same," cried thomasina briskly.
the way you came into a room, the way you walked out, the way youlooked at your food, and turned it over on your plate, the way you eyedthe other girls up and down, down and up--it all said as plainly asprint `i'm her royal highness of chester, and i won't have any dealingswith the likes of _you_!'
if you had been a princess of the blood youcouldn't have put on more side, and so, of course, we judged your wordsby your actions, and thought you were bragging when you meant nothing ofthe sort.
now, just make up your mind, like a sensible girl, to forgetyour own importance, and don't always be on the lookout for insults toyour dignity.
your dignity will look after itself if it's any good, andyou'll be a heap happier if you give up coddling and fussing over it allday long.
there was that little matter of the pigtail the othermorning!
it wasn't my wish that you should tie back your hair.
i don'tmind telling you that it's much less becoming than it was, but i wassimply acting as the mouthpiece of miss bruce, as you might have knownif you had taken one minute to consider.
your friend, dorothy what-ever-she-calls-herself, behaved like a sensible girl, and did as she wastold without making a fuss, but you must needs work yourself into afury.
you'll have a fit one of these days if you are not careful.
youare just one of those fair, reddy people who are subject to apoplexy, sodon't say i didn't warn you.
when we went down to breakfast i tried tobe friendly, just to show there was no ill-feeling, and you went andstarved yourself rather than accept a crumb from my hands.
it remindedme awfully of my little cousin of three.
when he is made to do what hedoesn't like, he refuses to eat his bread and milk.
he seems to thinkhe is punishing us somehow; but, bless your heart, _we_ don't mind!
weknow he is strong and hearty, and that it will do him no harm to starveonce in a way.
i wasn't in the least anxious about you, but i don'twant you to go on feeling wretched in my house, so i'll do my best toconsider your feelings.
i warn you, however, i can't stop chaffing.
ifi think of a funny thing to say, i _must_ say it or burst, and if youdon't like it you can comfort yourself by thinking that it's for yourgood, and will teach you to control your temper.
if you get offendedafter this, the more fool you, for i tell you straight there will be noill-feeling in my mind, nothing but simple, pure buffoonery."
rhoda smiled feebly.
the cool, unemotional tones of the other hadeffectually dried her tears, but the softened expression remained, andher voice had almost an humble intonation.
i know i am touchy, but i shan't mind so much now that you--that you have explained!
i think you have been very generous."
"all right," interrupted thomasina briskly.
that's all right, then, and i'll tell the girls i was wrong justnow.
they will all treat you decently if i tell them to; so behavesensibly, and don't be a young jackass, and all will be well."
"i--er, i _beg_ your pardon!"
"don't mention it!"
thomasina beamed amiably over her shoulder.
"jackass, i said--don't be a jackass!
the gong will ring in tenminutes, so you'd better be off to your room.
pleased to have seen you!
come again another day!"
from that day forward matters moved more smoothly for rhoda.
dorothyreported that tom had returned to the house-parlour to explain herregret at having misjudged a new-comer, and her desire that hercolleagues would second her effort to make rhoda happy, and, as usual,tom's word was law.
that very evening several of the girls took anopportunity of exchanging friendly remarks with rhoda, while at supperan amount of attention was bestowed upon her plate which was positivelyembarrassing.
it was a delightful change, but through all the reliefrang the sting of remembering that it had been accomplished bythomasina, not herself; that the new friendliness was the result ofthomasina's orders rather than her own deserts.
to her fellow-studentsshe was still an insignificant new-comer, with no claim to distinction.
if she excelled in one subject, she was behind in the next, while atgames she was hopelessly ignorant.
it was wormwood and gall to beobliged to join the "bantlings" at hockey, and be coached by a girl oftwelve; but rhoda set her teeth and determined that if pluck and energycould help, it would be a short time indeed before she got her reward.
oh, those first few games, what unmitigated misery they were!
the anklepads got in her way, and made her waddle like a duck, and when at lastshe began to congratulate herself on overcoming the first difficulty,they tripped her up, and landed her unexpectedly on the ground.
although she was repeatedly warned to keep her stick down, it seemed tofly up of itself, and bring disgrace upon her; and then, alas!
the ballfollowed its example, bounded up from the ground, and landed neatly onher cheek immediately beneath her left eye.
a hideous swelling anddiscolouration was the result, but after the first rush to see that thedamage was not serious, no one seemed in the least agitated about themishap.
erley chase would have been convulsed with panic from attic tocellar, but thomasina only struck an attitude, and exclaimed, "oh!
and even miss everett smiled, more in amusement than horror, asshe cried, "in the wars already, rhoda?
you _have_ begun early."
mrschester would hardly have recognised her darling in the knickerbockeredgirl, with her curly mane screwed into a pigtail, her dainty feetscuffling the ground, and her face disfigured by a lump, which changedto a different colour with each new dawn.
if she could have had aglimpse of her during that tragic period it is certain that rhoda's termat "hurst" would have been short indeed: but she was not informed of theaccident, while each letter showed an increasing interest in work andplay.
rhoda had put her back into her studies, and worked with analmost feverish earnestness.
the hours of preparation were all tooshort, but she found a dozen ways of adding to their length, so thatfrom morning to night her brain was never allowed to rest.
she grewwhite and tired, and so perceptibly thin that miss bruce questioned herclass-mistress as to the change in her appearance.
"she is an ambitious girl," was the reply, "and does not like to feelbehind.
she is working hard, and making progress; but she nevercomplains, or appears to feel ill.""oh, well, everything in moderation.
see that she is not overworked.
there will be no time gained in that way," said the principal, andforthwith banished the subject from her busy brain.
there came a day,however, half way through the term, when rhoda collapsed, and found itimpossible to rise from her bed.
three times over she made the effort,and three times sank back upon her pillow faint and trembling, and thenin despair she raised her voice, and wailed a feeble "tom!"
tom came promptly, buttoning her magenta jacket, and went through a mostprofessional examination.
"to the best of my judgment," she announced finally, "you are sickeningfor scarlatina, tonsilitis, and housemaid's knee, but if you stay in bedand have an invalid's breakfast i should say you would be fairlyconvalescent by twelve o'clock.
snoddle down, and i'll see nurse assoon as i'm dressed, and put her on the track."
"i want miss everett!"
sighed rhoda plaintively, and tom gave a grunt ofassent.
"i expect you do.
all the girls want her when they are ill.  she's notime to spare, but i'll tell her, and probably she'll squeeze in fiveminutes for you after breakfast.
you are not going to die this time, mydear, so don't lose heart.
we shall see your fairy form among us beforemany hours are past!"
nevertheless it _was_ good to be coddled once more, to liesnugly in bed and have a tray brought up with a teapot for one's veryown self, and egg, and fish, and toast--actually toast!
instead of thickslices of bread-and-scrape.
the luxury of it took away one's breath.
it was pleasant, also, to have nurse fussing around in motherly fashion,and hear her reminiscences of other young ladies whom she had nursed, indays gone by, and brought back from the jaws of death.
from her manner,it is true, she did not appear to suffer any keen anxiety about herpresent patient: but, as rhoda looked at the empty dishes before her,she blushingly acknowledged that, after all, she could not have been soill as she had imagined.
after breakfast came miss everett, sweet as ever, and lookingrefreshingly pretty in her pale blue blouse and natty collar and cuffs.
if one did not know to the contrary, she would certainly have beenmistaken for one of the elder girls, and her manner was delightfullyunprofessional.
"well, my poor dear, this is bad news!
i _was_ sorry when tom told me.
what is it?--headache--back-ache--pain in your throat?"
rhoda stretched herself lazily and considered the question.
"a kind of general all-overishness, if you know what that means.
i feelplayed out.
i tried to get up, but it was no use, i simply couldn'tstand.
i feel as if i had no back left--as weak as a kitten."
miss everett looked at her quietly, then her eye roved round the roomand rested meaningly on half-a-dozen pieces of paper fastened up inconspicuous positions.
one sheet was tacked into the frame of thelooking-glass, another into a picture, a third pinned against thecurtain, and each was covered with rhoda's large writing, easily legibleacross the few yards of space: rules of latin grammar, list ofsubstantives, tenses of verbs--they stared one in the face at everyturn, and refused to be avoided.
miss everett laid her hand upon thebed, and something rustled beneath her touch.
yet another sheet hadbeen concealed beneath her pillow.
she cried, reproachfully; "oh, rhoda!"
the girl put on an air of protest.
there's no harm in it, is there?
i can't catch the others upunless i work hard.
i have not enough time in preparation, so i putthese up and learn them while i dress and undress, and every time i comein to prepare for a meal.
you have no idea what a lot i get through.
and i keep a list in my pocket too, and take it out at odd moments.
miss murray is surprised at the way i am getting on."
"i have been surprised too, to see you look so ill, with such whitecheeks and heavy eyes.
i understand it now."
"but, miss everett, i _must_ work.
i _must_ get on!
if i am behind i_must_ catch up.
even if i am tired i must get on in my class."
why must she get on?
it was such an extraordinary question tocome from a teacher, that rhoda could only gasp in bewilderment--"why?
you ask _why_?"
"yes, i do.
one has always some object in work.
i wondered what yoursmight be.
why are you so terribly anxious to come to the front?"
a dozen answers rose to rhoda's lips.
to impress thomasina; to show herthat if i do think a good deal of myself, it's not without a cause...to take the conceit out of the girls who patronise me.
to be able topatronise in my turn, and not remain always insignificant andpowerless...  to show harold how clever i am, and to have my name put onthe record wall when i leave!
...  they were one and all excellentreasons, yet somehow she did not care to confide them to miss everett.
instead, she hesitated, and answered by another question.
"i suppose you think there is a wrong and a right motive?
i suppose youthink mine is the wrong one.
what is the right, then?
i'm ill, andreduced in my mind, so it's a good time to preach; i'll listen meekly!"
"and disagree with every word i say," cried miss everett laughing.
"no,no, rhoda, i never preach.
i know girls well enough to understand thatthat doesn't pay.
there are some secrets that we have to find out forourselves, and it is waste of time telling the answers before the heareris ready to receive them; only, when one has oneself suffered fromignorance, and sees another poor dear running her head against the wall,one is sorry, that's all, and one longs to point out the danger signals.
find out, dear, what your motive is, and be satisfied that it's a goodone.
meantime, i'm going to take away these papers.
do you see?
she walked round the room, confiscating the lists,and putting them in her pocket with an air of good-natureddetermination.
"let that tired head rest, and believe me, my dear, thatyour elders understand almost as much about girls as you do yourself.
we are never blamed for under-working at hurst, and you may take forgranted that the hours for work are as long as you can stand.
the shorttime spent in your cubicle is not intended for work, but for rest--ofall kinds!"
rhoda blushed guiltily.
during the first days at school the morninghymn had been both a delight and stimulus.
she had listened to thewords with a beating heart, and whispered them to herself in devoutecho; they had seemed to strike a keynote for the day, and send her towork full of courage; but, alas!
for weeks past the strains had fallenon deaf ears, and the lips had been too busy conning latin substantivesto have leisure for other repetition.
her sense of guilt made her meekunder the confiscation of her lists, and pathetically grateful for thekiss of farewell.
"thank you for coming.
i know you are busy, but i wanted you so!
it'snice to see you; you look so sweet and pretty!"
"oh, you flatterer!
i'm surprised at you.
as if it matters what astaid old teacher looked like; i'm above such silly vanities, my dear."
she looked, however, extremely pleased, quite brisked up in fact, and sodelightfully like a girl that rhoda took heart of grace, and enquired:--"i wish you would tell me _your_ object!
that wouldn't be preaching,and you are so young to be working so hard!
i have often wondered--""ah!"
cried miss everett, and a curious look passed over her face--halfglad, half sad, wholly proud.
"i'll tell you my object, rhoda--it's mybrother, lionel!
i have an only brother, and he is a genius.
youremember his name, and when you are an old lady in a cap and mittens youcan amuse other old ladies by telling how you once knew his sister, andshe prophesied his greatness.
at school he carried all before him, andhe is as good as he is clever, and as merry as he is good.
he won ascholarship at oxford, but that was not enough.
my father is the vicarof stourley, in d--shire, and has such a small stipend that he could notafford to help him as much as was needed.
then i wrote to miss bruce,and asked her if she could give me an opening.
she is an old familyfriend, and knew that i had done well in examinations and was good atgames (the younger teachers here must be able to play with the girls--it's one of the rules), so she gave me my present position, and i amable to help the boy.
he went up last year and did famously, but i havehad sad news this week.
he had been obliged to go home and convalesceafter an attack of influenza, and is so weak still that the doctor sayshe will want any amount of rest and feeding up before he can go back.
so you see i am more thankful than ever to be able to help!"
"i don't see it at all," said rhoda bluntly.
"i should be mad.
what'sthe good of your slaving here if, after all, he can't get on with hiswork?
you might as well be comfortably at home."
be quiet this moment.
it's bad enough to fight againstmy own rebellious feelings without hearing them put into words.
i won'tstay another moment to listen to you!"
she gave a playful shake to the girl's shoulder, and ran out of theroom, while rhoda "snoddled" down to think over the conversation.
"well, then, i suppose her motive is love--love for her brother, and--er--thinking of him before herself.
she comes here and slaves so thathe may have his chance.
she is an angel, of course, an unselfish angel,and i'm a wretch."
she lay still for a few moments, frowning fiercely,then suddenly the bedclothes went up with a wrench--"i don't care--she'sambitious too!
she thinks he is clever, and wants him to be great!
well, so do i want to be great!
if it isn't wrong for one person, itcan't be for another.
my motive is _success_, and i'll work for it tilli drop!"
a day in bed renewed rhoda's energy, and she took up her work withunabated fervour.
the "lists" were, perhaps, less conspicuouslydisplayed than before, but were none the less in readiness when needed,and if miss everett disapproved, the latin mistress was all praise andcongratulation.
"i certainly have a gift for languages, and with lessons during theholidays i shall soon be steaming ahead," rhoda told herself proudly.
"i'll ask mother to let mr mason coach me.
he is a splendid teacher,and if i have an hour a day i shall learn a lot.
won't the girls starewhen i come back, and go soaring up the class!
i shouldn't wonder if igot a remove.
it will be impossible to work up to thomasina and herset, but at any rate i'll be past the baby stages, and not disgracemyself in the examinations."
all the world seemed bounded by examinations at present.
thomasina andthe elder girls working steadily towards the goal of the "matric";kathleen and her friends dreaming night and day of the "oxford"; whilenearer at hand loomed the school examinations, which ended the term.
rhoda was in a fever of anxiety to acquit herself well in the eyes ofher companions on this occasion, and could think, speak, and dream ofnothing else.
even her joy of getting her remove from the "bantlings"into a higher team was swallowed up in the overwhelming interest, whiledorothy was filled at once with admiration and disgust at the monotonyof her conversation.
"i don't know, and i don't care!"
she replied callously, when anxiouslyconsulted about a point in mathematics.
"i've come out to play, and i'mnot going to rack my brains for you or anyone else.
you are getting aregular bore, rhoda!
it's like walking about with `magnall'squestions.'
let's talk about frolics, or holidays, or something nice,and not worry about stupid old lessons."
rhoda told herself, it was no wonder if dorothy _were_ medium, ifthis was the way she regarded her studies.
if she took no more interestthan this in the coming contest, what could she expect from the result?
she would be sorry, poor dear, when she saw her name at the bottom ofthe list!
there was no help to be expected from dorothy; but rhodastored up a few knotty questions, and took the first opportunity ofasking tom for a solution.
she had discovered that tom liked nothingbetter than to be consulted by the younger girls, and had a tactful wayof asking help in return, which took away the sense of obligation.
"oh, by-the-by," she would call to rhoda, in her elegant fashion, "youare a bit of a german sausage, aren't you?
just read over that passagefor me.
i've been puzzling over it for the whole of the evening," andthen would follow some blissful moments, when rhoda would skim lightlyover the difficulty, and feel the eyes of the girls fixed admiringlyupon her.
in the present instance a wet saturday afternoon afforded a goodopportunity for the desired questioning.
the hurst girls did not stayindoors for an ordinary drizzle, but this was a downpour of so hopelessa character that even the most enthusiastic athletes felt that thehouse-parlour was preferable to the soaking, wind-swept grounds.
theygathered together, stoked up the fire, and prepared to spend the twohours' leisure as fancy should dictate, some girls reading, some sewing,and some making themselves as comfortable as circumstances would permit,and doing nothing at all with every appearance of enjoyment.
"if we had only some chestnuts," said one of the lazy ones, "how happywe might be!
i have a wild craving for chestnuts.
it came over mesuddenly just now, sitting looking at that fire."
"i think," said irene grey solemnly, "it's very sad, but i do think aschool like this makes one horribly greedy.
you get so tired of thefood, and have such a longing for something that _isn't_ wholesome.
iassure you, my dears, there have been occasions when the centre tablehas had beef, while we have had mutton, when i could have wept--simplywept!
i should like to order a meal regardless of everything but what ilike--lobster mayonnaise, and salmon, and veal cutlets, and ice pudding,and strawberries and cream, and fizzy lemonade.
that would be somethinglike a dinner--better than old joints and milk puddings!"
the girls groaned in sympathy, and rhoda took advantage of theirabsorption to cross to tom's desk and consult her quietly on the knottypoints.
the solutions were remarkably simple--when you knew them!--andtom delivered herself solemnly on the subject.
"you don't think, my dear; you don't reflect.
your brain would help youout, but you don't give it a chance.
it's what i am always saying tothis room--it's not cram you need, it's intelligence!
use your reason!
cultivate your faculties!
now, then, i'll tell you what i'll do!"
--sheraised her voice suddenly, and swung round in her seat.
"i'll give yougirls an examination myself.
you need some practice before the realbusiness begins, and it will be just the thing for this wet afternoon.
get out your books and pencils and i'll dictate the questions.
it's tobe a `general intelligence' paper, and the examiner's instructions are--use your wits!
they will not be the ordinary blunt, straightforwardquestions manufactured by the masculine mind, and intended mainly forthe coarse, masculine ability, but full of depth and subtlety, so thatthey will require careful consideration.
if you go scribbling down youranswers before you have read the questions, you'll be sorry, that's all;but don't say you were not warned.
now, then, are you ready?
...  wewill begin our studies to-day, young ladies, with a problem incalculation!"
she deepened her voice into such an accurate imitation ofthe arithmetical mistress as filled her listeners with delight.
"attention to the board!--if a room were 20 feet long, 13 feet broad, 11feet high, and 17 feet square, how much liberty wall-paper 27 incheswide would be required to paper it, allowing 5 feet square for thefireplace and seven by three for the door?"
the girls wrote down the question, not, however, without some murmurs ofprotest.
"if there is one kind of sum i hate more than another, it's these horridold wall-papers!"
declared bertha stacey.
"i shall never be a paper-hanger, so i don't see why i should worry my head.
i don't call _this_general intelligence."
"i expect we shall have a taste of most subjects; but really, tom,really now--the room could not be 17 feet square if your othermeasurements were right!"
argued irene, who knew arithmetic to be herstrong point, and was not sorry to impress the fact on her companions.
"you have made a mistake."
she expected the examiner to be discomfited, but tom fixed her with aglittering eye, and demanded if perchance she had _seen_ the room inquestion, since she was so positive.
"no, of course not, but then-- you know quite well--""well, i _have_, so perhaps you will allow me to know better.
go on,young ladies, and the next one who dares to raise any objections getsten bad marks to begin her list.
i must have perfect submission.
fiveminutes allowed for working!"
the time proved all too short for some of the workers, for the lessexpert they were the more elaborate became their calculations, untilpage after page was filled with straggling figures.
thomasina made around of inspection, frowning over each book in turn, protesting,scolding, marking the result with a big black cross.
according to herverdict everyone was wrong, although five girls had arrived at the sameresult; and irene obstinately disputed the decision.
"i _know_ it is right!
work it for yourself, and see.
it's a simpleenough sum, and any one could tell--""that's apparently just what they can't do!
i don't deny that you maybe correct in the broad, vulgar sense, but that is not enough for me.
iexpect you to grasp the inner meaning.
now the _real_ answer to thisquestion is that there can be no answer!
to a perceptive mind it wouldbe impossible to reply without further information.
it entirely dependson how the paper is cut out, and the amount of waste incurred inmatching the pattern!"
the girls shrieked aloud in mingled protest and delight.
it was toobad; it was ripping, it was mean; it was killing; they all spoketogether and at the pitch of their voices, and alternately abused andapplauded until they were tired.
the _denouement_ had taken them bysurprise, though in truth they knew their head too well to have takenthe examination seriously.
when tom played schoolmistress there wasbound to be a joke in ambush, and they settled down to question numbertwo with minds alert for a trap.
"we will now, young ladies, take an excursion into the realms ofliterature, and test your insight into human nature.
i will ask you, ifyou please, to compare the respective characters of alfred the great andmiss charlotte yonge--`jo march' and joseph chamberlain--four great,and, it will be obvious to all, strongly-defined personalities.
i shallbe interested to hear your distinctions!"
it appeared, however, as if there would be little to interest, for mostof the girls stared blankly into space, as if powerless to tackle such asubject.
rhoda was one of the few exceptions, and scribbled unceasinglywith a complacent sense of being on her own ground until the limit oftime was reached.
tom had evidently noticed her diligence, for shecalled out a peremptory, "rhoda, read aloud your answer!"
which wasflattering, if at the same time slightly alarming.
"ahem--er--er--in the historical character of alfred the great we findcombined the characteristics of courage and simplicity.
he waged a longand unequal fight, and was equally inspired by failures or success.
"in the person of miss charlotte yonge we discover the same virtues, butin a softer and more feminine mould.
her heroes are for the most partrefined and cultivated young men, actuated by the highest motives--""stop!
screamed thomasina desperately.
"for pity sake spare usthe rest.
such deadly propriety i never encountered!
it reminds me ofthe fairchild family at their very worst.
if _that's_ the sort of thingyou are going to write, rhoda, i pity the poor examiners.
and what doyou mean by alfred fighting?
he was a most peaceful creature, so far asi have heard!"
the war with the danes--all those years!
"i don't remember a thing about it.
how could a man fight the danesliving in a peaceful retreat in the isle of wight, as tennyson didfor--?"
who spoke of tennyson?
it was too bad; toomean!
how on earth could anyone be expected to guess that tom had meanttennyson, when she had expressly said alfred the great?
rhoda protestedloudly, and the other girls backed her up; but tom was obdurate.
"and isn't tennyson known as `alfred the great' as well as the othercrittur?
it is just another example of want of intelligence!
you readthe words, and never trouble about the connection.
who in their sanesenses would ask you to compare a warrior king with old miss yonge?
alittle reflection would have saved you from the pitfall into which youhave all fallen headlong.
five bad marks each!
now, then, for the nexttwo.
what have you got to say about the two joes?"
very little apparently.
no one had tackled the comparison in rhoda'sgrandiose fashion, but a few pithy sentences were to be found scribbledon the sides of exercise books.
"jo march was very clever, and myfather says mr chamberlain is, too!"
from one dutiful pupil.
"jo marchwas a darling, and chamberlain is not," from another of radicalprinciples.
"both wore eye-glasses, and wrote things for magazines,"and other such exhaustive criticisms.
"you are _all_ plucked in literature," announced thomasina, solemnly,"and i am deeply pained by the exhibition!
i will give you one morechance in arithmetic before going on to the higher branches, because, asyou are aware, this is a most vital and important subject.
write down,please: a and b each inherited thirty thousand pounds.
a invested hiscapital in gold-mine shares to bring in eighteen per cent, interest.
bput his money into the post office savings bank, and received two and ahalf per cent.
state to three places in decimals the respective wealthof each at the expiration of twenty-seven years!"
"er--with what deduction for current expenses?"
queried irene, with anair.
she had been snubbed once, but was not in the least subdued.
"what were their current expenses?"
"there were none!"
"thomasina, what bosh!
there _must_ have been.
they couldn't live onnothing."
"well, they did, then.
since you are so particular, i may tell you thatthey were in prison!
they had their wants supplied by their nativeland."
"i'm not going to do sums about convicts!
my mother wouldn't like it,"said dorothy, shutting up her book with a bang.
she leaned forward, andwhispered in rhoda's ear, "don't bother; it's only another joke.
what'sthe use of worrying for nothing?"
"it's practice," said rhoda, and away went her pencil, scribbling,calculating, piling up row upon row of figures.
to her joy the answercame out the same as irene's, which surely must prove it right; yet, asdorothy had prophesied, tom was once more sweeping in denunciation,"wrong!
the gold-mine failed, and left a a pauper,while b lived happily ever after.
you are old enough to know that gold-mines that pay eighteen per cent, invariably _do_ fail and ruin theirshareholders; or if you don't, you may be thankful to me for tellingyou.
i must say, young ladies, you are coming exceedingly poorlythrough my test.
i cannot congratulate you on your insight.
i doubtwhether it is any use examining you any further."
"oh, yes, let us have the higher branches, tom!
do let us have thehigher branches!
perhaps we may distinguish ourselves atlast.
give us another chance!"
pleaded the girls, mockingly; and, thuschallenged, tom could not but consent.
she tackled zoology, and givingthe three divisions of plantigrada, pinnigrada, and digitigrada, added alist of animals to be classified accordingly.
when it is said that thelist included such widely diverging creatures as "a camel-leopard, aduck-billed platypus, thomasina bolderston, and spring-heeled jack," itcan be imagined with what zest the pupils began their replies.
tom professed to be mortified beyond endurance to find her fairy treadunanimously classed under the first heading, and begged the blues totake notice that if any girl pined to call her "splay-footed" to herface she might do so, and take the consequences!
no one accepted thechallenge, however; so she proceeded to latin, and, with much jinglingof keys, gave out a sentence for translation:--"aequam memento rebus in arduis servare mentem."
the girls smiled atthis, confident of their powers.
the students at hurst pridedthemselves on their latin, and could have stood a much severer testwithout wavering.
the seniors did not trouble to write their answers,but waited complacently until the time came when they should have anopportunity of airing their proficiency.
it never came, however, fortom chose to disappoint expectations by reading aloud her owntranslation from her position in front of the fire.
"memento--remember; mentem--and mind; servare--to hold up; aequam--yourmare; in rebus arduis--going up hill.
that translation, young ladies,was given by an undergraduate in the university of oxford.
heafterwards rowed stroke in the 'varsity boat, and was the best billiardplayer of his year, so it would ill become us to dispute hisconclusions.
you will observe the valuable moral lessons inculcated inthe words, and, i trust, take them to heart--`remember and mind--'"a laugh sounded from the direction of the door, and there stood misseverett, looking round with mischievous eyes.
rhoda noted with reliefthat she looked brighter than for days past, as if some good news hadarrived from the home about which she was so anxious.
"this sounds improving," she cried, merrily.
"thomasina holding a latinclass!
i am glad you have found such an exemplary way of passing theafternoon.
i am afraid you must stop, however, as the gong will ring infive minutes, and meantime i must break up the class.
i want,"--her eyeroved enquiringly round the room--"i want rhoda!"
"certainly, miss everett.
anything to oblige you.
rhoda, my love, youhave my permission to retire," drawled thomasina, wagging her head inlanguid assent, and rhoda left the room in no little wonder as to thereason of the summons.
arrived in the corridor, miss everett laid both hands on the girl'sshoulders, and asked a quick, laughing question:--"what about that hamper?"
her air of bewilderment was sounaffectedly genuine that the other's expression became in turn doubtfuland uncertain.
"yes, yes, the hamper!
the hamper of good things that has just arrivedfor my brother.
i thought you--""i know nothing about it; truly i don't!
i wish i did, but--""but, my dear girl, it came from your home.
there was a game label uponit, with your father's name in print--`from henry chester, erley chase.'
there cannot be two henry chesters living at houses of the same name."
exclaimed rhoda, and her face lit up with pleasure.
of course it's mother!
it's just the sort of thing mother would do.
itold her that your brother had been ill, and that you were anxious abouthim, and so she set to work to see how she could help.
that's just likemother, she's the kindest dear!
i believe she sits down in her armchairafter breakfast every single morning, and plans out how many kind thingsshe can do during the day."
"bless her heart!"
cried miss everett devoutly.
"well, rhoda, shesucceeded this time.
my mother has written me all about it.
it was adull, wet day, and lionel seemed depressed, and there was nothing nicein the house, and nothing nice to be bought in the little village shops,and she was just wondering, wondering how in the world she could cheerhim, and manufacture a tempting lunch out of hopeless materials, whentap-tap-tap came the carrier's man at the door.
then in came thehamper, and lionel insisted upon opening it himself, and was sointerested and excited!
there were all sorts of good things in it--game, and grapes, and lovely, lovely hot-house flowers filling up thechinks.
they were all so happy!
it was such a piece of cheer arrivingin that unexpected fashion, and mother says the house is fragrant withthe scent of the flowers.
lionel arranged them himself.
it kept himquite happy and occupied.
how can i thank you, dear?"
"don't thank me.
it was not my doing.
"but how did your mother know where we lived?
how did she know who wewere?"
rhoda smiled and flushed.
"naturally i tell her the news.
isuppose i must have mentioned that your father was vicar of stourley.
idon't remember; but then i've so often written about you, and she wouldnaturally be glad to do anything she could, for she knows you have beenkind to me, and that i'm very--fond of you!"
miss everett bent down quickly, and kissed her on the cheek.
"and my people knew who mr chester was because i've written of you, andthey know that you have been kind to _me_, and that i'm fond of you,too.
oh rhoda, you don't know how lonely it feels to be a teachersometimes, or how grateful we are to anyone who treats us as humanbeings, and not as machines.
you don't know how you have cheered memany a time."
"but--but--i've been tiresome, and stupid, and rebellious.
i've givenyou lots of trouble--""perhaps, but you have been affectionate too, and seemed to like me alittle bit, in spite of my lectures; and if it had not been for yourkind words the hamper would never have come, so i insist upon thankingyou as well as your mother.
many, many thanks, dear!
i shall alwaysre--" she stopped short suddenly, her attention arrested by the scrapingof chairs within the parlour, and concluded in a very different tone,"the girls are coming!
for pity's sake don't let tom find ussentimentalising here!
fly, rhoda, fly!"
and off she ran along thecorridor, flop, flop, flop, on her flat-soled shoes, as much in fear ofthe scrutiny of the head girl as the youngest blue in the house!
the week of examination passed slowly by, and the morning dawned whenthe all-important lists were to be read aloud.
the girls were tiredafter the strain, the teachers exhausted by the work of reading overhundreds of papers, and it was consequently a somewhat pale anddejected-looking audience which assembled in the hall to hear thereport.
rhoda sat tense on her seat, and puzzled for some moments over themeaning of a certain dull, throbbing noise, before discovering that itwas the beating of her own heart.
it seemed to her morbid sensitivenessthat every eye was upon her, that everyone was waiting to hear whatplace the new girl had taken.
when miss bruce began to read she couldhardly command herself sufficiently to listen, but the first mention ofher own name brought her to her bearings with a shock of dismay.
afterall her work, her care, her preparation, to be so low as this, to takeso poor a place!
the mortification was so bitter that she would fainhave hidden herself out of reach of consolation, but to her surprise, sofar from condoling, teachers and pupils alike seemed surprised that shehad done so well.
"you have worked admirably, rhoda.
i am pleased with you," said missmurray.
"well done, fuzzy!"
cried tom, and even miss bruce said graciously:"very good progress for a first term, rhoda!"
it was evident from their manner that they meant what they said, andanother girl might have gleaned comfort from the realisation that shehad expected too much of her own abilities.
not so rhoda!
it was butan added sting to discover that she had been ranked so low, that an evenpoorer result would have created no astonishment.
she wascongratulated, forsooth, on what seemed to her the bitteresthumiliation!
if anything was needed to strengthen the determination toexcel at any and every cost, this attitude of the school was sufficient.
in the solitude of the cubicle she vowed to herself that the day shouldcome, and that speedily, when she would be estimated at her right value.
she stood in the damp and cold gazing up at the record wall, andrenewed the vow with fast-beating heart.
the sun struggled from behindthe clouds and lit up the surface of the tablets, and the honours girl,and the b.a.
girl, and the girls who had won the scholarships, seemed tosmile upon her and wish her success, but eleanor newman's name was inthe shade.
the sun had not troubled to light it up.
she was "stupid,"and had never won a prize.
the last two days were broken and unsatisfactory, and rhoda longed forthe time of departure to arrive; yet it was not without a pang of regretthat she opened her eyes on the last morning, and gazed round the littleblue cubicle.
it was delightful to be going home, yet school had itsstrong points, and there were one or two partings ahead which could notbe faced without depression.
how nice it would be if she could take allher special friends home--dorothy and kathleen, and miss everett, and--yes!
tom herself; for, wonderful to state, she was unaffectedly sorryto part from tom.
what fun they would have had running riot in erleychase, and summoning the whole household to wait on their caprices!
the gong rang, and all the little bells followed suit in their usualobjectionable fashion, but the girls yawned and lay still for anotherfive minutes, aware that leniency was the order of the day.
the roll ofthe organ and the first two lines of the hymn found them still in bed,and the words were clearly distinguishable:--  awake my soul, and with the sun, thy daily course of duty run--"how stupid!"
commented rhoda to herself.
"`course of duty' on the veryday we are leaving school.
what a ridiculous choice!"
and then shetumbled out of bed and listened no more.
the rest of the morning seemed a comical alice-in-wonderland repetitionof the day of arrival.
the same long queues were formed to march down,instead of upstairs; the teachers stood on the landings to say good-bye,instead of welcome; the "black marias" bore the pupils to, instead offrom, the station, where the saloon carriages stood waiting as before.
the blues crowded into one carriage, and tom seated herself by rhoda,and with twinkling eyes called attention to the undulating beauty of thelandscape.
it was all exactly the same, yet delightfully different, fornow there was no shyness nor restraint, but the agreeable consciousnessof liberty to chaff in return, and be as cheeky as one chose.
there was unceasing talk on the journey, yet each girl realised as thetrain steamed into euston that she had forgotten to say the mostimportant things, and was divided between regret and anxiety to look outfor friends waiting on the platform.
rhoda had heard that harold was tomeet her, and presently there he was--handsomer than ever, or looking soafter the three months' separation, and as immaculate as if he hadstepped out of the traditional bandbox.
"there he is!
that's my brother!"
she cried, with athrill of pride in the tall, frock-coated figure; and thomasina looked,and rolled her little eyes to the ceiling.
"what a bee-ootiful young man!
a perfect picter!
give him my fondlove, fuzzy, and say that i am desolated not to be able to stay to makehis acquaintance, but i must make a bolt for my train."
she seized her bag as she spoke and hurried to the door, prepared tojump on to the platform at the first possible moment, while hercompanions impatiently followed in her wake.
rhoda had a vaguerecollection of promising to write regularly to half a dozen girls, andthen she was shaking hands with harold, and laughing in pure joy atseeing the familiar face.
"here i am!
here i am!
i have come back at last!"
"so i see!"
he swept a glance over her, half smiling, half startled.
"awfully glad to see you.
got your luggage in the van, eh?
don't knowhow on earth we shall get hold of it in this crowd.
what an--excuseme!--an appalling set of girls!"
"i thought so too, at first, but they look different when you know them.
some of them are sweet, and awfully pretty."
said harold, sceptically.
"they are not conspicuous.
i don'tsee a decent-looking girl anywhere, except--who's the girl in the greyhat?"
"that's miss everett, our house-mistress, the one i'm so fond of--theone who has the invalid brother, you know, to whom mother sent thegame!"
"teacher, is she?
i thought she was a pupil.
sorry for her, poorlittle thing, if she has to manage a lot of girls like you.
that's your box at last.
i'll get a porter to put it on a four-wheeler.
watch where i go, and keep close behind."
he strolled forward, and such was the effect of his imposing appearanceand lordly ways, that the porters flew to do his bidding, and piled theluggage on the cab, while others who had been first on the scene werestill clamouring for attention.
rhoda glanced proudly at him as theydrove away together, but the admiration evidently was on one side, forhe frowned, and said critically--"you--er--look pale!
you have lost your colour!"
"i've been working hard."
"you have grown thinner!"
"games, i suppose.
we are always running about."
"er--what has become of your hair?"
rhoda first stared, and then laughed.
"oh, my pigtail!
i forgot that you hadn't seen it.
i hated it too, atfirst, but i've grown accustomed to it, and find it very comfortable.
it worries me now to have my hair blowing about and tickling my face."
"all the same, my dear, you had better untie it before we get home.
wewill lunch at the station hotel, and you can comb it out there.
it willgive the mater a shock if she sees you looking so changed.
she wouldhardly know you, i think."
the tone of disapproval hit hard, and to hide her chagrin rhoda adoptedan air of indifference.
"oh, we don't trouble ourselves about appearances at hurst.
so long aswe are comfortable we are satisfied.
if a girl worries to dress up, wechaff her unmercifully."
"the more foolish you!
i hope and pray, rhoda, that you are not goingto develop into one of the strong-minded young women one meets nowadays,who seem to spend their lives in trying to be as much like men aspossible.
it will be a mistake if you do.
be as learned as you like,and as sensible as you like, and as hardy as you like--that is all tothe good--but, for pity's sake, be pretty too, and dainty, and feminine!
we don't want to have all our womenkind swallowed up in athletes,warranted to be `hard kicks,' or `useful forwards!'
we want them toplay the ornamental part in life, and be pretty, and sweet, andattractive."
"ha, ha, yes!
that's the man's point of view!"
quoth rhoda loftily, andher brother smiled good-naturedly as the cab stopped before the hotel.
"it is, my dear, that's very certain; and as you will probably meet agood many men as you go through life, you might as well study theiropinion.
it may be regrettable, but it is certainly true, that you willhave more influence if you are agreeable to look at.
you would havemore influence over _me_ at this moment if you would kindly walkupstairs and make yourself look--er--a little more like your old self!"
"oh, i don't mind.
anything to please you!"
said rhoda carelessly, andstrode upstairs after the chambermaid, smiling to herself in loftysuperiority at harold's "dandy ways."
she did not smile, however, when,on coming suddenly in front of the mirror, she caught a full-lengthreflection of herself, for her brother's presence had unconsciouslyaltered her point of view, so that she saw herself no longer from thestandpoint of hurst manor, but that of erley chase.
yes, harold wasright!
it was not only the pigtail; there was an indefinable differencein her whole appearance.
the clothes were the same, the girl was thesame, but there was no longer the immaculate neatness, the dainty care,the well-groomed look which had once characterised her.
in her usualimpetuous fashion, she had rushed from one extreme to the other; indiscarding vanity, had run perilously near neglect.
"i look a nasty, horrid, hidjus fright!"
she cried aloud, staring indisgust at the unwelcome vision.
"i couldn't have believed it--really icouldn't!
it's the fault of those horrid little cubicles with the glassstuck in the darkest corner.
harold was right.
mother would have beenshocked."
she slipped off coat and hat, and with the aid of the well-stockeddressing-bag went through such a process of dusting, brushing, andcombing-out as she had not known for weeks past.
finally the old rhodaseemed to smile upon her in response, in her own eyes at least, but whenerley chase was reached some hours later mrs chester was far fromsatisfied with her darling's appearance.
her anxious eyes took in at aglance every change in the beloved features, and nothing could shake herconviction that the child had been starved and overworked.
an elaboratesystem of coddling was inaugurated, to which rhoda submitted withwonderful meekness.
oh, the delight at being home again, of being loved and fussed over, andindulged in one's pet little weaknesses!
how beautiful everythinglooked; the richly-furnished rooms, the hall with its turkey carpet andpictured walls; the dinner table with its glittering glass and silver!
how luxurious to awake in her own pretty room, to hear the firecrackling in the grate, and to sit up in bed to drink the early cup oftea!
"i never realised before how nice home was!"
sighed rhoda to herself,and for four whole days she succeeded in forgetting all about school,and in abandoning herself to the enjoyment of the festivities of theseason.
christmas day once over, however, recollections came back with a pang,and she was all eagerness to begin the proposed lessons with the vicar.
to her surprise, father and mother looked coldly upon the project, andso far from admiring her industry thought it a pity to introduce workinto the holidays.
it needed a hard struggle to induce them to consentto three lessons a week instead of six, and she had to face thecertainty that private study would be made as difficult as possible.
even harold elevated his eyebrows and enquired, "why this tremendoushurry?"
as if he had never been to a public school himself and known thenecessity for advance.
rhoda betook herself to the faithful ella in no very gentle mood, andstormed about the small vicarage garden like a young whirlwind.
"well, i must say grown-ups are the most tiresome, aggravating,unreasonable creatures that were ever invented!
first they want you towork, and urge you to work, and goad you to work, and `oh, my dear, itwould do you all the good in the world to compete with other girls,' andthen, the moment you take them at their word and get interested andeager, round they turn, and it's, `oh the folly of cram!
oh theimportance of health!'
`oh what does it matter, my dear good child, ifyou _are_ a dunce, so long as you keep your complexion!'
no, i'm notangry, i'm perfectly calm, but it makes me _ill_!
i can't stand beingthwarted in my best and noblest ambitions.
if i had a daughter, and shewanted to cram in her holidays, i'd be proud of her, and try to help,instead of throwing hindrances in the way.
it's very hard, i must say,to get no sympathy from one's nearest and dearest.
even your fatherlooked at me over his spectacles as if i were a wild animal.
i thoughthe would have been pleased with my industry."
"he is; i know he is; but he thinks you may overdo it.
you know, rhoda,you _are_ impetuous!
when you take up an idea you ride it to death, andin lessons that doesn't pay.
slow and sure wins the--""rubbish!
it will never win my race, for i have a definitetime to run it in, and not a day more.
it has to be a gallop, and apretty stiff one at that.
for goodness' sake, ella, don't _you_ beginto preach.
you might be grown-up yourself, sitting there prosing inthat horribly well-regulated fashion."
"i'm not well-regulated!"
cried ella, incensed by the insinuation.
"iwas only trying to calm you down because you were in such a temper.
what is the use of worrying?
you have got your own way; why can't yoube happy?
leave the wretched old latin alone, and tell me about school.
there are a hundred things i am longing to hear, and we have not had aproper talk yet.
tell me about the girls, and the teachers, and therules, and the amusements, and what you like best, and what you hateworst."
it was a "large order," as harold would have said, but rhoda respondedwith enjoyment, for what can be pleasanter than to expatiate on one'sown doings to a hearer with sufficient knowledge to appreciate thepoints, and sufficient ignorance to prevent criticism or unduesensitiveness as to consistency of detail!
rhoda told of the chill, early breakfasts, of the seven o'clock supperwhen everything looked so different in the rosy light, especially onthursdays, when frolics and best clothes were the order of the day; ofmiss mott, with her everlasting "attention to the board"; the latinmistress, with her eye-glasses; fraulein, with a voice described by tomas sounding "like a gutter on a rainy day"; and of miss everett,sweetest and best-loved of all.
lastly she told of the record wall, andella was fired, as every girl hearer invariably was fired, with interestand emulation.
when rhoda went off to her lesson in the study the poor little stay-at-home recalled the words of eleanor newman's inscription, and capped themby one even more touching:"ella mason, a student of exceptional promise, voluntarily relinquisheda career of fame and glory to be a cheerful and uncomplaining helper athome."
alas, poor ella!
at the word "cheerful" her lips twitched, andat "uncomplaining" the big tears arose and trickled down her cheeks!
for the rest of the holidays rhoda worked more persistently than anyonesuspected, with the exception of her tutor, who invariably found theallotted task not only perfectly accomplished, but exceeded in length.
even making allowances for the girl's undoubted gift for languages, hewas amazed at her progress, and complimented her warmly at the close ofthe lessons, watching with half-amused, half-pitying eyes the flush ofpleasure on the girl's cheeks.
"you are very ambitious, rhoda.
very anxious to distinguish yourself?"
you are young.
it is natural.
remember only that thereare different kinds of success, and aim for the best.
when i was yourage i had dreams of a deanery or a bishopric, but i have remained all mylife in this sleepy village.
my college companions have soared over myhead, yet i can never feel myself an unsuccessful man.
i have had greatcompensations, and have discovered that obscurity has many lessons whichi needed badly to learn.
don't be too anxious for honour and glory;there are other things better worth having!"
"the worst of old people is--they _will_ preach!"
said rhoda to herselfas she walked home across the park.
"he is a good old thing, the vicar,but a terrible bore.
i should think he _is_unsuccessful, with half-a-dozen children, and that wretched little bitof a house, and a poor stipend.
no wonder he gets prosy.
young peopleunderstand young people best, and miss everett was quite right when shesaid it was no use trying to stuff lessons down your throat until youwere ready to swallow them.
if all the fathers, and mothers, andbrothers, and vicars in the world were to lecture me now, and tell me totake it easy, and not to worry about the examination, it would have noeffect.
in another two days i go back to school, and then--then--" shestood still in the midst of the bare, wintry scene, and clasped herhands together passionately.
"rhoda chester, you must work, you must win!
if you don't do well inthat examination, it will break your heart!"
the christmas holidays were over, the easter holidays were over, andspring was back once more.
on the slope over which the new students hadgaily tobogganed two months before the primroses were showing theirdainty, yellow faces, and the girl gardeners were eagerly watching theprogress of their bulbs.
hearing that other plots boasted nothing rarerthan pheasant eye and lent lilies, rhoda had promptly written home for asupply of horsfieldi and emperor, which were expected to put everythingelse in the shade, but, alas!
they were coming up in feeble fashion, andshowed little sign of flowering.
"another year," the gardener said,"they would do better another year!
bulbs were never so strong thefirst season."
whereat rhoda chafed with impatience.
always anothertime, and not _now_!
always postponement, delay, uncertainty!
try as she might, checksseemed to be waiting on every side, and she could never succeed indistinguishing herself above her fellows.
in moments of depression itseemed that she was as insignificant now as on the day when she firstjoined the school; but at other times she was happily conscious of achange in the mental attitude towards herself.
though still far fromthe front, she was recognised as a girl of power and determination; anambitious girl, who would spare no work to attain her end, and whomight, in the future, become a dangerous rival.
dorothy had long agothrown up the unequal fight, and even kathleen had moments of doubt,when she said fearfully to herself, "she is cleverer than i am.
shegets on so well.
suppose--just suppose..."with milder weather, cricket had come into fashion, and on the occasionof the first pavilion tea the blues turned up in force.
thomasina satperched in manly attitude on the corner of the table, where, as itseemed to the onlooker, every possible hindrance was put in the way ofher enjoyment of the meal.
irene grey presided at the urn, berthahanded round the cups, and a bevy of girls hung over the cake basket,making critical and appreciative remarks.
"bags me that brown one, with the cream in the middle!
i've tried thosemacaroons before--they are as hard as bricks!"
"i wish they would get cocoa-nut cakes for a change; i adore cocoa-nuts,when they are soft and mushy.
we make them at home, and they are everso much nicer than the ones you buy!"
"that's what they call plum-cake, my love!
case of `brother, where artthou?'
like the friday pudding.
those little white fellows lookfrightfully insipid.
what rhoda would call a `kid-glove flavour,' ishould say."
every one laughed at this, for it was still a matter of recentcongratulation in the house that rhoda chester had invented anappropriate title for a certain mould or blancmange, which appeared atregular intervals, and possessed a peculiar flavour which hitherto hadrefused to be classified.
in a moment of inspiration, rhoda had christened it "kid-glove jelly,"and the invention had been received with acclamation.
did she say shehad never distinguished herself, had never attracted attention?
no,surely this was wrong; for in that moment she had soared to the verypinnacle of fame.
so long as the school endured, the name which she hadcreated would be handed down from generation to generation.
our ambitions are not always realised in the way we would choose!
whenone has pined to be in a first team, or to come out head in anexamination, it is a trifle saddening to be obliged to base ourreputation on--the nickname of a pudding!
rhoda smiled brightly enough, however, at the present tribute to herpowers, and passed her cup for a third supply with undiminishedappetite.
she had been playing with her usual frantic energy, and wastired and aching.
her shoulders bent forward as she sat on her chair;she shut her eyes with a little contraction of the brows; the dimple nolonger showed in her cheek; and when bertha upset the tray upon thefloor, she started with painful violence.
her nerves were beginning togive way beneath the strain put upon them; but, instead of being warned,and easing off in time, she repeated obstinately to herself:--"threemonths more--two and a half--only two!--i can surely keep up for eightweeks, and then there will be all the holidays for rest!"
it seemed, indeed, looking forward, as if the world were bounded by thecoming examination, and that nothing existed beyond.
if she succeeded--very well, it was finished!
her mind could take in no further thought.
if she failed--clouds and darkness!
chaos and destruction!
the worldwould have come to an end so far as she was concerned.
it filled her with surprise to hear the girls discuss future doings intheir calm, unemotional fashion; but though she could not participate,the subject never failed to interest.
the discussion began again now,for it was impossible to keep away from the all-engrossing subject, andthe supposition, "if i pass," led naturally to what would comeafterwards.
"if i do well i shall go up to newnham, and try for the gilchristscholarship--fifty pounds a year for three years.
it's vacant nextyear, and i don't see why i shouldn't have it as well as anyone else,"said bertha, modestly, and tom pounded the table with her heels.
"go in, my beauty, go in and win!
i only wish you could wait a fewyears until i am there to look after you.
i am going to be principal ofnewnham one of these fine days, and run it on my own lines.
no work,and every comfort--breakfast in bed, and tea in the grounds--nothing todo but wait upon me and pander to my wishes!"
so like you, tom!
you would be a terror, and work thegirls to death.
you are never tired yourself, so you would keep themgoing till they dropped.
i pity the poor creatures who came under yourrule, but most likely you will never be tried.
you may be firstmistress, or second, or third, but it's not likely you'll ever be aprincipal!"
"it's not likely at all, it's positive sure," retorted tom calmly.
"principals, like poets, are born not made, and the cause can't affordto lose me.
i don't say for a certainty it will be newnham; it maypossibly be girton, or somerville, or lady margaret hall, but one of thetwo or three big places it's bound to be.
no one shall call meconceited, but i know my own powers, and i intend that other peopleshall know them too.
education is my sphere, and i intend to devote mylife to the advancement of my sex.
pass the cake, someone!
i haven'thad half enough.
yes, my vocation is among women.
you will hardlybelieve me, my dears, but men don't seem to appreciate me, somehow!
there is a `je-ne-sais-quoi' in my beauty which doesn't appeal to them amite.
but girls adore me.
i've a fatal fascination for them which theycan't withstand.
there's rhoda there--she intended to hate me when shefirst came, and now she adores the ground i tread on.
don't you, fuzzy?
you watch her smile, and see if it's not true!
very well, then; i seeplainly what providence intends, and i'm going straight towards thatgoal."
"and it is what you would like?
you would choose it if you had thechoice?"
it's the dream of my life.
there is nothing in all theworld that i should like so much."
pretty dorothy sighed, and elevated her eyebrows.
i enjoy school very much, and want to do well whilei am here, but when i leave, i never want to do another hour's study.
if i thought i had to teach, i should go crazy.
i should like to have agood time at home for a few years, and then--yes, i should!--i shouldlike to marry a nice man who loved me, and live in the country--and havea dear little home of my own.
now, i suppose you despise me for a poor-spirited wretch; but it's true, and i can't help it."
but tom did not look at all scornful.
she beamed at the speaker overher slice of plum-cake, and cried blandly--"bless you, no!
it's quite natural.
you are that sort, my dear, and ishould not have believed you if you had said anything else.
you'llmarry, of course, and i'll come and visit you in the holidays, andyou'll say to `him,' `what a terrible old maid thomasina has grown!'
andi'll say to myself, `poor, dear old dorothy, she is painfully domestic!'
and we will both pity each other, and congratulate ourselves on our ownescape.
we have different vocations, you and i, and it would be follyto try to go the same way."
"you are happy creatures it you are _allowed_ to go your own way," saidbertha sadly.
"i'm not, and that's just the trouble.
i'm not a star,like tom, but i love work, and want to do some good with my education.
i should be simply miserable settling down at home with no occupationbut to pay calls, or do poker work and sewing; yet that's what myparents expect me to do.
they are rich, and can't understand why ishould want to work when there is no necessity.
i may persuade them tosend me abroad for a year or so for languages and music, but even then ishould be only twenty, and i can't settle down to vegetate at twenty.
it's unreasonable to send a girl to a school where she is kept on thealert, body and mind, every hour of the day, and then expect her to becontent to browse for the rest of her life!
now, what ought one to doin my position?
_i_ want one thing; _they_ want another.
whose duty isit to give way?"
she looked at tom as she spoke, but tom swung her feet to and fro, andwent on munching plum-cake and staring into space with imperturbableunconsciousness.
bertha called her sharply to attention.
answer, can't you?
i was speaking to you."
"rather not, my dear.
ask someone else; some wise old solomon who hashad experience."
"no, thank you.
i know beforehand what he would say.
`submission, mychild, submission!
parents always know best.
young people are alwaysobstinate and hot-headed.
in time to come youwill see'--yah!"
cried bertha, with a sudden outburst of irritation.
"i'm sick of it!
i've had it dinned into my ears all my life, and iwant to hear someone appreciate the other side for a change.
i'm young;i've got all my life to live.
if i were a boy i should be allowed tochoose.
surely, i ought to have _some_ say in my own affairs!
don't shirk now, tom, but speak out and say what you think.
if you aregoing to be a principal you ought to be able to give advice, and ireally do need it!"
said tom slowly.
"but you needn't have given me such a poserto start with.
it's a problem my dear, that has puzzled many a girlbefore you, and many a parent, too.
the worst of it is that there is somuch to be said on both sides.
i could make out an excellent brief foreach; and, while i think of it, it wouldn't be half a bad subject todiscuss some day at our debating society: `to what extent is a girljustified in deciding on her own career, in opposition to the wishes ofher parents?'
make a note of that someone, will you?
it will come inusefully.
i'm thankful to say my old dad and i see eye to eye about myfuture, but if he didn't--it would be trying!
i hate to see girlsdisloyal to their parents, and if the `revolt of the daughters' were theonly outcome of higher education i should say the sooner we got back todeportment and the use of the globes the better for all concerned.
butit wasn't all peace and concord even in the old days.
don't tell methat half a dozen daughters sat at home making bead mats in the frontparlour, and never had ructions with their parents or themselves!
theyquarrelled like cats, my dears, take my word for it, and were ever somuch less happy and devoted than girls are now, going away to do theirwork, and coming home with all sorts of interesting little bits of newsto add to the general store.
it's impossible to lay down the law onsuch a question, for every case is different from another, but i think agreat deal depends on the work waiting at home.
if a girl is an onlydaughter, or the only strong or unmarried one, there is no getting awayfrom it that her place is with her parents.
we don't want to be likethe girl in _punch_, who said, `my father has gout, and my mother iscrippled, and it is so dull at home that i am going to be a nurse in ahospital!'
_that_ won't do!
if you have a duty staring you in the faceyou are a coward it you run away from it.
an only daughter ought tostay at home; but when there are two or three, it's different.
itdoesn't take three girls to arrange flowers, and write notes, and paycalls, and sew for bazaars; and where there is a restless one amongthem, who longs to do something serious with her time, i--i think theparents should give way!
as you say, we have to live our own lives,and, as boys are allowed to choose, i think we should have the sameliberty.
i don't know how large your family is, bertha, or--""three sisters at home.
one engaged, but the other two not likely tobe, so far as i can see, and mother quite well, and brisk, and active!"
"well, don't worry!
don't force things, or get cross, and they'll givein yet, you'll see.
put your view of the case before them, and see ifyou cannot meet each other somehow.
if they find that you are quiet andreasonable they will be far more inclined to take you seriously, andbelieve that you know your own mind.
that's all the advice i can giveyou, my dear, and i'm afraid it's not what you wanted.
perhaps someoneelse can speak a word in season!"
"well, i side with the parents, for if the rich are going to work, whatis to become of the poor ones like me, who are obliged to earn theirliving?"
cried kathleen, eagerly.
"now, if bertha and i competed for anappointment, she could afford to take less salary, and so, of course--""no, no!
i do beg and pray all you blues that, whateveryou do, you never move a finger to reduce the salaries of other women!"
cried tom fervently.
"if you don't need the money, give it away togovernesses' institutions--convalescent homes--whatever you like; but,for pity's sake, don't take less than your due.
for my own part, i mustcandidly say that when i am principal i shall select my staff from thosewho are like kathleen, and find work a necessity rather than adistraction.
it seems to me, if i were rich and idle, i could find lotsof ways of making myself of use in the world without jostling the poormarthas.
i could coach poor governesses who were behind the times, butcouldn't afford to take lessons; i'd translate books into braille forthe blind; i'd teach working boys at their clubs, and half a dozen otherinteresting, useful things.
there's no need to be idle, even if one_does_ live at home with a couple of dear old conservative parents.
where there's a will there's a way!"
"but i want it to be my way!"
sighed bertha, dolefully.
like themajority of people who ask for advice, she was far from satisfied nowthat she had got it.
one of the hurst manor institutions was a whole holiday on the firstsaturday in june, which was technically known as "revels."
the holidayhad been inaugurated partly to celebrate the coming of summer, andpartly as a kindly distraction for the students, who at this season ofthe year were apt to be too absorbingly engrossed in the comingexaminations.
old pupils declared that at no other time was theprincipal so indulgent and anxious to second the girls' fancies, whilethe particular form of entertainment was left entirely to theirdiscretion.
when the programme was drawn up it was submitted to missbruce for approval, but, as she had never been known to object, theconsultation was more a matter of form than necessity.
to rhoda's surprise, she found her name among those of the generalcommittee posted on the notice board, and the delight and prideconsequent thereon diverted her thoughts into a new channel, and were asgood as a tonic to her nervous system.
it was a compliment to have beenchosen, for the dozen girls had been drawn from all five houses, andirene grey and herself were the only representatives of the blues.
"it's a beauty competition, evidently.
can't think why they haven'tasked me!"
was tom's comment; but rhoda felt convinced that she had beenselected because of the dramatic abilities which she had exhibited onmore than one of the thursday "frolics," and was not far wrong in hersurmise.
she had, in truth, a keen eye for effect, a power ofmanufacturing properties, and of learning and even inventing suitablerhymes, which were invaluable in organising an entertainment.
"and besides," said the games captain to her secretary, "there's herback hair!
she has really admirable back hair!"
the committee held their meetings in the study of the head green, andanxiously discussed their programme.
on previous years they had heldgymkhanas and various kinds of picnics, but the ambition was ever to hiton something so original and startling as to eclipse all that hadpreviously been attempted.
they racked their brains and gazedhelplessly at the ceiling, while the chairwoman begged for remarks,after the manner of all committees since the world began.
then, atlast, someone hazarded a suggestion, someone else took it up and added afresh idea; and the ball, once set rolling, grew bigger and bigger,until, at last, there it was, complete and formed before them!
it was acharming programme--quite charming!
they were full of admiration fortheir own cleverness in inventing it, and away they flew, smiling andconfident, to consult miss bruce in her sanctum.
the principal read the sheet handed to her, and the corners of her lipstwitched in humorous fashion.
she looked across at the twelve eageryoung faces, and smiled a slow, kindly smile.
"it sounds _very_ charming!"
she said; "i am sure it would be mostentertaining, but--would it not involve a great deal of preparation?
doyou think you have realised how much work you will have?"
"oh yes, miss bruce, but we can manage it easily!"
cried the chairwoman.
"we can get as many helpers as we like in game hours, and you alwaysallow us an afternoon off to make preparations."
you can do nothing without time.
very well,then, if you think you can manage, i have no objection.
you have mypermission to ask the carpenter and gardeners to help you, and ifanything is needed, one of the governesses shall go into town to makeyour purchases."
nothing could have been more gracious.
the committee gave a unanimousmurmur of acknowledgment, and were immediately smitten withembarrassment.
so long as one has something to say it is easy to retainself-confidence, but, when the business is finished, the necessity ofsaying good-bye and beating a retreat becomes fraught with terror to thetimid guest.
the girls felt that it would be discourteous to retirewithout speaking another word, but what to say they could not think, sothey huddled together beside the door, and waited to be dismissed, whichthey presently were in the kindest of manners.
"i shall look forward with great pleasure to the performance.
successto your efforts!
you will have plenty to do, so i won't detain you anylonger.
the committee retired in haste, gasped relief in the corridor, andpromptly set about collecting forces for the furtherance of its aim.
they enlisted the sympathies of the workmen engaged in the grounds,selected parties of amateur gardeners to supplement their efforts, andchose the forty prettiest girls in the school to be on the "actingstaff."
each new worker was pledged to secrecy, as surprise was to bethe order of the day, and a certain portion of the grounds was markedoff by placards bearing the announcement that "trespassers would bepersecuted!"
a casual observer might have imagined a slip of the pen inthis last word, but the girls knew better.
it would be persecution,indeed, and of no light nature, which would be visited upon a willingviolator of that order.
for the next ten days preparations went on busily, both outdoors and inthe various studies.
lessons, of course, could not be interrupted, butthe hours usually devoted to games, added to odd five minutes ofleisure, made up a not inconsiderable total.
the onlookers reportedeagerly among themselves that the dancing mistress had been pressed intothe service, and that sundry mysterious boxes had been sent to theleading members of the committee from their various homes.
everyone wasagreed that "it" was to be very grand, and they prepared to enjoy theentertainment in a hearty, but duly critical fashion; for when weourselves have not been asked to take part in an enterprise, pride hasno better consolation than to think how much more successful it wouldhave been in happier circumstances!
the committee announced that, should the weather prove unpropitious, amodified form of the proposed entertainment would be given in greathall, but no one seriously contemplated such a catastrophe.
providencewas so invariably kind to "revels" that the oldest student could notrecall a day that had been less than perfect, and this year was noexception to the rule.
the air was soft, the sky was blue, the grass,unscorched as yet by the heat of summer, of a rich emerald green, thesunshine sent flickering shadows over the paths; it was one of thoseperfect days when our native land is seen at its best; and when englandis at her best, go east or west, or where you will, you can find noplace to equal it!
every single inmate of school came down to breakfastwith a smile on her face, for this was a day of all play and no work,and as the formal entertainment did not take place until three o'clock,the whole morning remained in which to laze after one's heart's desire.
even the committee were so well on with their preparations that byeleven o'clock they were free to join their friends, and rhoda lookedeagerly round for miss everett.
no one had seen her, however, and avague report that she was "headachy" sent the searcher indoors tofurther her inquiries.
she found the study door closed, but a faintvoice bade her enter, and there on the sofa lay miss everett with ahandkerchief bound round her head.
she looked up and smiled at rhoda'sentrance, and said immediately:"do you want me, dear?
can i do anything to help you?"
"so likely that i would let you, isn't it?"
returned rhoda scornfully.
"what is the matter?
is your head bad?"
it isn't really so very bad, but one seems to give way whenthere is nothing to do.
if it had been an ordinary day i should havegone on with my work, and even played games.
i have managed to getthrough many a time when i've been worse than this; but it's a luxury tolie still and rest.
i--i'm enjoying it very much!"
"you look like it!"
said rhoda shortly, noting with sharp eyes theflushed cheeks, the drops of tell-tale moisture on the eyelashes.
"thisroom is like an oven, and it will get worse and worse as the day goeson.
now, it's my turn to order you about, and you've got to obey.
getup and put on your hat, and come out with me!"
"rhoda, i can't!
i can't walk about.
do--do let me restwhen i get a chance.
i'm _so_ tired!"
"you are not going to walk about; you are going to rest better than youcould ever do here, so don't worry and make objections.
here's yourhat, and here's my arm, and please come along without any more arguing.
you'll be thankful to me when i get you nicely settled!"
echoed miss everett ungratefully; but she was too languid tooppose the girl's strong will, so she sat up, put on her hat, andallowed herself to be led downstairs and into the grounds.
the girlswere scattered about under the trees, but rhoda skirted round the pathsso as to avoid them as much as possible, and presently came to asheltered spot, where dorothy lay swinging to and fro in a most superiorcanadian hammock which had been sent from erley chase at the beginningof the summer weather.
she peered over the edge as footsteps approachedand rhoda cried briskly:"tumble out, dorothy!
i said you could have it until i needed itmyself, and i want it now for miss everett.
she has a headache, and isgoing to rest here until lunch.
now then, i'll shake up the pillows,and if you don't say it is the most delicious hammock you ever lay in, ishan't think much of your taste.
i'll put up the parasol and tuck itinto the ropes--so!--that you may feel nice and private if anyonepasses.
now then, how's that?
isn't that comfy?
isn't that animprovement on the stuffy little study?"
miss everett rested her head on the cushion, and drew a long breath ofenjoyment.
i'm so happy!
i never want to moveagain."
"you are not to move until i tell you.
go fast asleep, and i'll promisefaithfully to wake you in time for lunch.
we must have you well for theafternoon, you know.
i'd be heart-broken if you didn't see me in mygrand--.
never mind, that's a secret, but you _will_ rest, won't you?
you will be good, and do as you are told?"
replied miss everett simply, lifting her dark eyes to thegirl's face with an appeal so sweet that it would have touched a heartof stone.
no sooner was the kiss given, than down fell the eyelids, andrhoda crept away realising that sleep, the best of medicines, was indeednear at hand.
she herself spent a happy morning lying flat on her backon the grass in company with half a dozen other girls, discussing theaffairs of the world in general, the blatant follies of grown-ups, andthe wonderful improvements which would take place when they in theirturn came into power.
rhoda was specially fervid in denunciation, andher remarks were received with such approval that it was in high goodtemper that she went to awaken the sleeper from her two hours' nap.
miss everett declared that she felt like a "giant refreshed," had not ascrap of pain left, and had enjoyed herself so much that if "revels"ended there and then, she would still consider it an historic occasion,which was satisfactory indeed.
but there was more to follow!
there was a great dressing up in thecubicles after lunch, the girls making their appearance in pique skirtsand crisp new blouses, and rustling into the grounds, all starch andimportance.
the "persecuting placards" had been withdrawn, and replacedby others directing the visitors' steps in the right direction.
theyfollowed meekly, "this way to the opening ceremony!"
and foundthemselves on the south side of the lake, where a semicircle of chairshad been set for the teachers, and gaily-hued rugs spread on the grassto protect the freshness of the pique skirts.
here, no doubt, was theplace appointed, but where was the ceremony?
the girls took theirplaces, and began to clap in impatient fashion, speculating vaguelyamong themselves.
"what's going to happen now?
why do we face this way where we can't seeanything except the lake?
there's the landing place opposite--perhapsthey are going to play water-polo?
it wouldn't be bad fun in thisweather."
"i think some one should have been here to receive us.
it's rude to letyour guests arrive without a welcome.
if i had been on the committee--what's that--?"
it is growing nearer.
it's aviolin, and a 'cello--and someone singing.
this grows mysterious!
look to the right!
to the right!
oh, isn't it romanticand lovely?"
the girls craned forward, and cried aloud in delight, for round thecorner of the lake was slowly coming into view a wonderful, rose-wreathed barque, with youth at the prow and pleasure at the helm, cladin the most fanciful and quaint of garments.
it would have been idle toassert that this wonderful craft was the old school tub, guaranteed tobe as safe as a house, and as clumsy as hands would make it; for no onecould have been found to listen to such a statement.
garlands of rosesfluttered overhead; roses wreathed the sides, pink linings concealed thedark boards, and, as for the occupants, they looked more like denizensof another world than practical, modern-day schoolgirls.
the oarswomenstood at their post, wearing pale green caps over their flowing locks,and loose robes of the same colour.
the musicians were robed in pink,with fillets of gauze tied round their heads, and underneath the centralawning sat a gorgeous figure who was plainly the queen of the ceremony.
amidst deafening applause the boat drew up before the landing-stage,and, while the oarswomen stood to attention, the central figurealighted, and moved slowly forward until she stood in front of thesemicircle of watchers.
"it's rhoda chester!"
gasped the girls incredulously, pinching theirneighbours' arms in mingled excitement and admiration; and rhoda chesterin truth it was, transformed into a glorified vision, far removed fromthe ordinary knickerbockered, pigtailed figure associated with the name.
a white robe swept to the ground, the upper skirts necked over withrose-leaves of palest pink; in the right hand she bore a sceptre ofroses, and a wreath of the same flowers crowned her head.
her cheekswere flushed with excitement, and she bore herself with an erect,fearless mien which justified her companions' choice.
when it had become necessary to apportion the _role_ of "mistress june"the committee had unanimously agreed that it would be safest in rhoda'shands.
she would not quail at the critical moment, mumble her words,nor forget her duties; but, on the contrary, would rise to the occasion,and find the audience a stimulus to her powers.
it was her genius also which had invented the verses for recitation, sothat there seemed a double reason for giving her the place of honour.
so rhoda had sent home an imperious dressmaking order, and here she was,dainty as loving care could make her, her flaxen mane streaming over hershoulders, the sceptre extended in welcome--as fair a personation of"mistress june" as one need wish to see--  "friends and companions, and our teachers dear  we give you welcome to our kingdom here.
once more has kindly summer come to stay,  and mistress june resumes her wonted sway.
we are your hosts, and to our leafy bowers  we welcome you to spend the sunny hours;  in happy revels we will all unite,  in song, and dance, and ancient pastimes bright;  all cares forgotten, labours laid aside,  hearts turned to joy, and glad eyes open wide  to watch, as when bright fay and sportive faun  wove their gay dances on the woodland lawn.
the stress of higher education  has vanished these, the poet's fond creation.
but nature--not to be denied--has sent  yet fairer forms for gladsome merriment,  who wait my nod.
the beauty of the nation  are gathered here to win your approbation.
but you grow weary--hither, maidens all,  forth from your bowers, responsive to my call,  with roses crowned, let each and all advance,  and let the revels start with song and dance!"
it was astonishing how well it sounded, recited with an air, and to anaccompaniment of smiles and waving hands.
little hilary jervis, theyoungest girl in the school, remarked rhapsodically that it was "justlike a pantomime!"
and the finale to the address was so essentiallydramatic that her elders were ready to agree with her decision.
rhoda backed gracefully to the spot where her flower-decked chair hadbeen placed by her attendants, and having taken her seat, clapped herhands as a signal to her handmaidens.
instantly from behind the shelterof the trees there tripped forward a band of pink and green-robedfigures, bearing in their hands garlands of many-coloured roses.
theroses were but paper, it is true, and of the flimsiest manufacture, butat a little distance the effect could not have been improved, and whenthe dance began to the accompaniment of music "on the waters" the effectwas charming enough to disarm the most exacting of critics.
it was anadaptation of the "scarf dance" practised by the pupils, but thedresses, the circumstances, the surroundings added charm to theaccustomed movements, and there were, of course, deviations from theoriginal figures, noticeably at the end, when, with a simultaneouswhirling movement, the dancers grouped themselves round their queen,holding up their skirts so as to entirely conceal their figures.
thegreens were on the outside, the pinks arranged in gradually deepeninglines, and rhoda's smiling face came peeping out on top; it was evidentto the meanest intellect that the final tableau was intended torepresent a rose, and--granted a little stretch of imagination--it wasreally as much like it as anything else!
this first item of the programme over, the dancers grouped themselves inattitudes of studied grace, while little green-robed heralds led the wayto what, for want of a more high-flown name, was termed "the rosebower," where various sports and competitions had been organised.
roseswere, indeed, conspicuous by their absence; but there was an archeryground, an amateur aunt sally (clad, one regrets to state, in the garbof a university examiner!)
and many original and amusing "trials ofskill."
tom came off victorious in an obstacle race, in the course ofwhich the competitors had to pick up and set in order a prostrate deckchair, correctly add up a column of figures, unravel a knotted rope, andskip with it for fifteen or twenty yards, thread a needle, and hop overthe remaining portion of the course; while dorothy, who held a stickpoised in her hand, called out in threatening tones, "you _would_ pluckme in arithmetic, would you?
and let fly with such energythat the "examiner" fell in fragments to the ground.
it was a scene of wild hilarity, for even the teachers threw off theirwonted airs of decorum, and entered into the spirit of the occasion, andto see severe miss mott throwing for cocoa-nuts, and fat little frauleinhopping across the lawn, were by no means the least entertaining itemsin the programme.
rhoda sat enthroned on her rose-wreathed chair, looking on at therevels, well content with idleness since it was the badge ofsuperiority.
the pleasantest part of her duties was still to come, andthe girls realised for what purpose the sixpence-a-head contribution hadbeen levied by the games captains, as they saw the prizes which wereawarded the successful competitors.
no one-and-eleven-penny frames thistime; no trashy little sixpence-three-farthing ornaments; nor shillingboxes supplied with splinty pencils and spluttering pens; but handsome,valuable prizes, which any girl might be proud to possess.
dorothy waspresented with an umbrella with a silver handle; another lucky winnerreceived the most elegant of green leather purses, with what sherapturously described as "scriggles of gold" in the corners; tom won ahandsome writing-case, and a successful "red" the daintiest little goldbangle, with six seed pearls encircling a green stone, concerning theproper name of which it was possible to indulge in endless disputations.
rhoda was in her element distributing these gifts, and afterwards inleading the way towards the pavilion, which had been transformed into averitable bower by the hands of willing workers, and in which weredisplayed a supply of the most luxurious refreshments.
miss bruce hadcontributed generously towards the afternoon's entertainment, and as thegirls sat about upon the grass, and were waited upon by the "rosemaidens," no one had need to sigh in vain for "something nice."
thechoice of good things was quite bewildering, and little hilary jerviswas reported to have reverted twice over from coffee to lemonade, and tohave eaten an ice-cream and a ham sandwich in alternate bites.
she wasblissfully happy, however, and so was everyone else, and when at lastmistress june returned to her barque, and the singers started the firstnotes of "good night," two hundred voices took up the strain with astrength and precision which made the unrehearsed effect one of the moststriking in the programme.
and so ended "revels"--the happiest day which many of the students wereto know for long weeks to come.
a week after "revels" had taken place the very remembrance seemed tohave floated away to an immeasurable distance, and only wonder remainedthat any interest could have been felt on so trivial a subject.
frommorning to night, and from night till morning, the same incessant grindwent on, for of what rest was sleep when it opened the door for freshtorture, as, for instance, when a cambridge examiner condescended to theunfair expedient of kidnapping a candidate's wardrobe, leaving her todecide between the alternative of staying at home or attending theexamination room attired in a _robe de nuit_?
on other occasions itappeared that by some unaccountable freak of memory one had forgottenabout the examinations until the very hour had arrived, and was running,running--trying to overtake a train that would _not_ stop, not thoughone leapt rivers and scaled mountain heights in the vain attempt toattract attention!
it was really more restful to lie awake and studytextbooks by the morning light, which came so early in these summerdays; or so thought rhoda, as she sat up in bed and bent her aching headover her task.
her head was always aching nowadays, while occasionallythere came a sharp, stabbing pain in the eyes, which seemed to say thatthey, too, were inclined to rebel.
it was tiresome, but she had no timeto attend to them now.
it was not likely that she was going to drawback because of a little pain and physical weakness.
she never complained, but amidst all the bustle of preparation theteachers kept a keen eye on their pupils, and rhoda found more than onetask mysteriously lightened.
no remark was made, but miss mott reducedthe amount of preparation; miss bruce sent an invitation to tea, whichinvolved an idle hour, and shortcomings were passed over with wonderfulforbearance.
only miss everett "croaked," and, dearly as she loved her,rhoda was glad to keep out of miss everett's way just now.
it wasunpleasant to be stared at by "eyes like gimlets," to be asked if one'shead ached, and warned gravely of the dangers of overwork.
"when i went up for the cambridge senior," began miss everett, and thegirl straightened herself defiantly, on the outlook for "sermons."
"when i went up for the cambridge senior i was not at school like you,but studying at home with a tutor.
my sister was delicate, so an oldcollege friend of my father's came to us for three hours a day.
he wasdelightful--a very prince of teachers--and we had such happy times, forhe entered into all our interests, and treated our opinions with as muchrespect as if we had been men like himself.
i remember disputing theaxioms of political economy, and arguing that a demand for commodities_must_ be a demand for labour, and the delight with which he threw backhis head and laughed whenever i seemed to score a point.
instead ofsnubbing me, and thinking it ridiculous that i should presume to disputeaccepted truths, he welcomed every sign of independent thought; andthere we would sit, arguing away, two girls of fifteen and sixteen andthe grey-headed man, as seriously as if history depended on ourdecision.
later on, when i was going in for the examination, i joinedsome of his afternoon classes at a school near by, so that i could workup the subjects with other candidates.
there was one girl in the classcalled mary macgregor, a plain, unassuming little creature, who seemedmost ordinary in every way.
when i first saw her i remember pitying herbecause she looked so dull and commonplace.
my dear, she had a brainlike an encyclopaedia!--simply crammed with knowledge, and what went inat one ear stayed there for good, and never by any chance got mislaid.
you may think how clever she was when i tell you that she passed firstin all england, with distinction in every single subject that she took.
she won scholarships and honours and went up to girton, and had postsoffered to her right and left, and practically established herself forlife.
well, to go back a long way, to the week before the cambridge.
we had preliminary examinations at school, and had worked so hard thatwe were perfectly dazed and muddled.
then one day `magister,' as wecalled him, marched into the room to read the result of the arithmeticpaper.
i can see him now, standing up with the list in his hands, andall the girls' faces turned towards him.
then he began to read: `totalnumber of marks, one hundred.
kate evans, eighty-nine; sybil bruce,eighty-two; hilda green, seventy-one;' so on and so on--down, and downand down until it came to thirties and twenties, and still no mention ofmary or of me!
the girls' faces were a study to behold.
as for the`magister' he put on the most exaggerated expression of horror, and justhissed out the last few words--`laura everett, _twelve_!
ma-ry mac-gre-gor, _ten_!'
we sat dumb, petrified, frozen with dismay, and thensuddenly he banged his book on the table and called out, `no morelessons!
no more work!
i forbid any girl to open a book again beforemonday morning.
off you go, and give your brains a rest, if you don'twish to disgrace yourselves and me.
give my compliments to yourmothers, and say i wish you _all_ to be taken to the circus thisevening.'
he nodded at us quite cheerfully, and marched out of the roomthere and then, leaving us to pack up our books and go home, mary and icried a little, i remember, in a feeble, helpless sort of way; but wewere too tired to care very much.
i slept like a log all the afternoon,and went to the circus at night, and the next day i skated, and onsaturday spent the day in town, buying christmas presents, and by mondayi was quite brisk again, and my mind as clear as ever.
i have oftenthought how differently that examination might have turned out for maryand for me if we had had a less wise teacher, who had worked himselfinto a panic of alarm, and made us work harder than ever, instead ofstopping altogether!
i am convinced that it was only those few days ofrest which saved me."
cried rhoda, irritably; "i knew it!
i _knew_ there was amoral.
i knew perfectly well the moment you began, that it was aroundabout way of preaching to me.
if i am to have a sermon, i wouldrather have it straight out, not wrapped up in jam like a powder.
isuppose you think my brain is getting muddled, but it would goaltogether if i tried to do nothing but laze about.
i should go stark,staring mad.
i must say, evie, you talk in a very strange way for ateacher, and are not at all encouraging.
i don't think you care a bitwhether i get the scholarship or not."
"yes, i do!
i hope very much that you will _not_!
wait a moment now; iam very fond of you, rhoda; and i hope with all my heart that you willpass, and pass well--i shall be bitterly disappointed if you don't; buti want kathleen to get the scholarship.
she _needs_ it, and you don't;it means far, far more to her than you can even understand."
"in one way, perhaps--not another!
she wants the money, which she couldhave in any case; but she is not half so keen as i am for the honouritself--and, after all, that's the first thing.
i can't do anything ina half-and-half way, and now that i have taken up examinations i am justburning to distinguish myself.
it would be a perfect bliss, the heightof my ambition, to come out first here, and go up to oxford, and takehonours, and have letters after one's name, and be a distinguishedscholar, written about in the papers and magazines like--like--""yes!
like miss mott, for instance.
rhoda stood still inthe middle of her tirade, and stared at the speaker with startled eyes.
no, indeed, she had meant nobody in the least like missmott.
the very mention of the name was like a cold douche on herenthusiasm.
the creature of her dream was gowned and capped, and movedradiant through an atmosphere of applause.
miss mott was a commonplace,hard-working teacher, with an air of chronic exhaustion.
when onelooked across the dining-room, and saw her face among those of thegirls, it looked bleached and grey, the face of a tired, worn woman.
"the idea of working and slaving all one's youth to be like--miss mott!"
rhoda exclaimed contemptuously, but miss everett insisted on herposition.
"miss mott is a capital example.
you could not have a better.
she wasthe first student of her year, and carried everything before her.
herposition here is one of the best of its kind, for she is practicallyheadmistress.
she would tell you herself that she never expected to doso well."
"i think it's very mean of you, evie, to squash me so!
i don't want to be the _least_ like miss mott, and youknow it perfectly well.
it's no use talking, for we can't agree; andreally and truly you are the most unsympathetic to me just now."
miss everett looked at her steadily, with a long, tender gaze.
"i _seem_ so, rhoda, i know i do, but it is only seeming.
in realityi'm just longing to help you, but, as you say, you think one thing and ithink another, so we are at cross purposes.
come and spend sundayafternoon with me in my den, dear, and i'll promise not to preach.
i'llmake you so comfy, and show you all my photographs and pretty things,and lay in a stock of fruit and cakes.
do; it will do you good!"
but rhoda hesitated, longing, yet fearing.
"i'd love it; it would be splendid, but--there's my scripture!
i wantto cram it up a little more, and sunday afternoon is the only chance.
i'm afraid i can't until after the exam., evie, dear.
i need the time."
"a wilful lass must have her way!"
quoted miss everett with a sigh, andthat was the last attempt which she made to rescue rhoda from the resultof her own rash folly.
henceforth to the end the girl workedunmolested, drawing the invariable "list" from her pocket at every oddmoment, and gabbling in ceaseless repetition, nerved to more feverishenergy by the discovery that her brain moved so slowly that it tooktwice as long as of yore to master the simplest details.
she feltirritable and peevish, disposed to tears on the slightest provocation,and tired all over, back and limbs, aching head, smarting eyes, weary,dissatisfied heart.
did every ambition of life end like this?
did italways happen that when the loins were girded to run a race, depressionfell like a fetter, and the question tortured: "is it worth while?
isit worth while?"
what was the "right motive" of which evie had spoken?
what was the vicar's meaning of "success"?
they, at least, seemed tohave found contentment as a result of their struggles.
rhoda groped inthe dark, but found no light, for the door was barred by the giant ofself-will.
four o'clock on the morning of examination monday.
the clock on thewall chimed the hour, and rhoda awoke with a start, and sat up wearilyin bed.
the pale, grey light already filled the room, and the birdsclamoured tumultuously in the trees outside.
three hours before thegong rang--the last, the very last chance of preparing for the fray!
she slipped noiselessly out of bed, sponged her face with cold water,seized the eau-de-cologne in one hand and a pile of books in the other,and settled herself against a background of cushions.
there was silencein the room, broken only by fitful cries from dorothy, who was given todiscoursing in her sleep, and more than once in the course of the firsthalf-hour rhoda's own eyes glazed over, and the lids fell.
nature waspleading for her rights, but each lapse was sternly overcome, andpresently nerves and brain were fully awake, and battling with theirtask.
she learned by heart passages marked as likely to be useful,searched to and fro for answers still unknown, and worked out imaginarycalculations.
one thing was no sooner begun than she recalled anotherwhich needed attention, and so on it went from arithmetic toshakespeare, from shakespeare to history, from history to latin, backand forward, back and forward, until her head was in a whirl.
the clock struck six, the girl in the next cubicle murmured sleepily,"such a noise!
and rhoda held her breath indismay.
her haste in turning over the leaves had nearly brought aboutdiscovery, but henceforth she moved with caution, turning from place toplace with wary fingers.
her back ached despite the supportingcushions, and her head swam, but she struggled on until at last the rollof the gong sounded through the house, and the girls awoke with yawnsand groans of remembrance.
i wish i'd never been born!"
"misery me, and i was having such a lovely dream, all about holidays andpicnics, and walks on the sands--""i've had the most awful night, doing sums all the time, with theexaminer looking over my shoulder.
my head is like a jelly!"
then tom's voice arose in derisive accents.
who was wellthrough her june matric, and could afford to chaff the poor victims.
"would any young lady like to explain to me how to find the resultant ofa system of parallel forces?"
"tom, you are brutal!
be quiet this moment, or we'll come and makeyou--""ha!
rhoda, love, just give me the substance of kingrichard's speech to northumberland, when the latter announced that hewas to be removed to pomfret!"
rhoda began to reply, but stopped abruptly, for on rising from bed shewas attacked by a strange giddiness, and lay back against the pillowstrembling with cold and nausea.
her hands shook as she uncorked theeau-de-cologne, and the scent, so far from being reviving, made hershudder afresh.
she dressed with difficulty, sitting down at frequentintervals, and growing colder and colder with each exertion, so thatwhen she emerged from her cubicle her pallid face roused tom's instantattention.
"rhoda, you are ill!"
she cried, her chaffing manner changing at once,as she realised the seriousness of the occasion.
"what's the matter?
didn't you sleep?
let me feel your hand--.
goodness, what a frog!
youhad better lie down, and let me send for nurse."
"no, thank you, tom, _please_!
it's only excitement.
i shall be betterafter breakfast.
please, please, don't make a fuss!"
said tom shortly, "just as you like.
if you feel yourselfgoing, stoop down and pretend to fasten your shoe, and give a scrub toyour cheeks before passing miss bruce.
she'll spot you in a moment ifyou go in with a face like that."
thus adjured, rhoda "scrubbed her cheeks" all the way downstairs, andlooked so rosy as she passed the principal that the good lady felt muchrelieved.
she had had some anxious thoughts about rhoda chester oflate, and was only too glad to feel that her anxiety had been needless;but, alas!
three times over during breakfast did rhoda stoop down tobutton her shoe, and in vain did her companions press food upon her.
asumptuous breakfast had been served in honour of the occasion, but hamand eggs seemed just the last things in the world that she wanted toeat, while the sight of fried fish took away the last remnant ofappetite.
she drank her tea, trying to laugh with the rest, and to takeno notice of the swaying movement with which the walls whirled roundfrom time to time, or of the extraordinary distance from which thegirls' voices sounded in her ears.
she's real game!"
said tom to herself, watching the setface with her sharp little eyes, "but she's uncommon bad all the same.
i'll put evie on her track!"
so miss everett's attention was dulycalled to the condition of her pupil, and rhoda was dosed with sal-volatile, and provided with smelling salts to keep in her pocket.
not aword of reproach was spoken, and evie indeed appeared to treat theindisposition as quite an orthodox thing under the circumstances.
soaffectionate was she, so kind and cheery, and so thoughtful were thegirls in giving up the best seats in omnibus and train, and in offeringsupporting arms along platforms, that rhoda felt inclined to cry withmingled gratitude and remorse.
when the hall was reached in which the examination was to be held, shehad yet another dose of sal-volatile as a preparation for the ordeal ofthe arithmetical paper, and then, gathering up pens and pencils, marchedslowly into the dreaded room.
it was shaped like an amphitheatre, witha railed-in platform at one side, and sloping seats descending allround.
"it's like the operating theatre at a hospital!
and don't i feelas if i were going to be cut up too!"
groaned dorothy, as she filedalong in front of a seat, looking for her place.
at a distance of everytwo or three yards the desks were marked with a number, in front ofwhich was a supply of blotting and writing paper.
some of thecandidates made out their own number at once, others went roaminghelplessly about, and rhoda found herself perched in the furthestcorner, far from her companions.
she looked across and receiveddorothy's smiling nod, but kathleen's face was set in stern anxiety, andthe others were too busy arranging papers to remember her existence.
the examiner, in cap and gown, stood on the platform, talking to thelady secretary of the centre.
she made a remark, and he smiled, andsaid something in reply at which they both laughed audibly.
it shockedrhoda in much the same way as it would have done to hear a chief mournerlaugh at a funeral.
such levity was most unseemly, yet on the otherhand the pictures on the walls were surely unnecessarily depressing!
they were oil-coloured portraits of departed worthies, at that gloomystage of decay when frame, figure, and background have acquired the samedirty hue, and the paint has cracked in a hundred broken lines.
one oldgentleman--the ugliest of all--faced rhoda as she sat, and stared at herwith a mocking gaze, which seemed to say:"you think you are going to pass in arithmetic, do you?
wait until yousee the paper!
_you'll_ be surprised--!"
it was a relief to turn to the paper itself and know the worst, whichseemed very bad indeed.
she glanced from question to question, feelingdespair deepen at the sight of such phrases as--"simplify theexpression"; "debenture stock at 140 1/8"; "at what rate per cent.?"
in the present condition of mind and body it was aneffort to recall the multiplication table, not to speak of difficult andelaborate calculations.
she dipped her pen into the ink,and wrote the headline to her paper, hesitated for a moment, added"question a," and then it seemed as if she could do no more.
thefigures danced before her eyes, her knees shook, her hands were sopetrified with cold that she clasped them together to restore somefeeling of warmth, and the faintness of an hour ago seemed creeping ononce more.
she leant her elbows on the desk, bowed her hands in herhead, and remained motionless for ten minutes on end.
the other girlswould think that she was studying the paper, and deciding what questionshe could best answer; but in reality she was fighting the hardestbattle of her life, a battle between the flesh, which said, "give in;say you are too ill!
think what bliss it would be to lie down and havenothing to do!"
and the will, which declared, "no, never!
i must andshall go on.
you are my servants.
i will not_let_ you fail!"
in the end will conquered, and rhoda raised her face,pale to the lips, but with determination written on every feature.
the girl next to herself had covered half the sheet with figures, andwas ruling two neat little lines, which showed that question a wassatisfactorily settled.
all over the room the girls were scribblingaway, alert and busy; there was plainly no time to be wasted, and rhodabegan slowly to puzzle out the easiest problem.
the answer seemedinappropriate; she tried again, with a different result; a third time,with a third result; then the firm lips set, and she began doggedly thefourth time over.
to her relief this answer was the same as number two,so it was copied out without delay, and the next puzzle begun, and thenext, and the next.
oh, the weariness of those two hours, the struggle against weakness, themoments of despair when memory refused to work, and simplest factsevaded her grasp!
nobody ever knew all that it meant, and as she hadthe presence of mind to tear up her blotting-paper, no examining eyeswere shocked by the sight of the expedients to which a senior candidatehad been reduced in order to discover the total of six multiplied bysix, or eight plus eleven.
there were other moments, however, when thebrain cleared and allowed a space for intelligent work.
more faintnesscame on again, and at the end she could announce to her companions thatshe had answered nine out of the twelve questions.
"what did you get for the square root?"
enquired kathleen anxiously.
"irene's answer was different from mine; but i _did_ think i was right.
i went over it twice!"
the girls were all surging together in the ante-room, comparing answers,and referring eagerly to irene, who read aloud her own list with a self-satisfied air.
those whose numbers agreed with hers announced the factwith whoops of joy, those who had differed knitted their brows and weresilent.
kathleen looked worried and anxious, and could not think whatshe had been about to get "that decimal wrong."
"but it was horrible, wasn't it?
the worst we have had."
"the wall-paper was vile," cried another voice indignantly.
they might have a little originality, and think ofsomething else.
i longed to give tom's answer!"
"it wasn't really difficult, but tricky!
said irene,with an air.
she could afford to be superior, for there was no doubtthat she had passed!
and passed well.
"the square root was absurdlyeasy."
then her eye fell on rhoda, and she asked, kindly enough, "whatdid you make it, rhoda?
i hope you got on all right, and feel better."
"thanks, yes; but i didn't put down my answers.
i really can't rememberwhat they were."
"and a good thing too!
you have done your best, so don't worry over itany more, but come along to lunch!"
cried miss everett, cheerily; andthe girls obeyed with willing haste, for it was one of the "treats" ofexamination time to lunch in a restaurant, and be allowed to order whatone chose.
rhoda was so much revived by the walk and the joy of knowing the ordealover that she was able to eat a morsel of chicken, but the fascinationsof jam puffs had departed for the time being, and she could even lookunmoved at the spectacle of a dozen strawberry ices in a row.
"if every candidate indulges in an ice a day, state accurately thenumber of bushels of fruit--" began dorothy, with her mouth full ofvanilla biscuit, but she was promptly elbowed into silence; no one beingin the mood for further calculations just then.
for the next four days the examination dragged its weary course, andrhoda was carefully nursed and coddled so as to be able to stand thestrain.
she was sent to bed immediately on her return from the train;was not allowed to rise until eight o'clock; was dosed with nurse's pettonic, and with bovril and sandwiches between the papers, and for onceshe was sufficiently conscious of past errors to acknowledge that naturecould not be defied, and to attempt no more four o'clock preparationclasses.
on the whole she got through fairly well, growing strongereach day, and even feeling occasional bursts of exultation at theconclusion of a paper which might have been written especially for herbenefit.
what rapture to be questioned about those very rules in frenchgrammar which one had rubbed up the week before; to have pet passagesselected from shakespeare, and find the latin prose for translationbecome gradually intelligible, as one telling substantive gave the clueto the whole!
once assured of the meaning, it was easy to pick out thewords, skimming lightly over difficult phrases, but making a great showof accuracy when opportunity arose.
as to the elegance of thetranslation from english into latin the less said the better, but evenwith a realisation of its shortcomings, rhoda was hopeful of the result.
"they will say, `she doesn't know much, poor thing, but she has workedhard, and deserves to pass.
her grammar is good, and she has masteredthe books.
oh, yes; certainly she has enough marks to pass.'"
"i think i have done fairly well in latin," she told miss mott on herreturn, and that severe lady actually smiled, and said graciously:"i hope you have.
you have certainly worked with a will."
miss bruce, however, was not nearly so encouraging, and her lastinterview with her pupil was somewhat in the nature of a cold douche.
"now that the week is over, rhoda," she said, "i must tell you that ihave felt a good deal of anxiety on your account, which i would notwillingly have repeated.
there is a strain about examinations whichsome girls feel more than others.
the head of your house, for instance,thomasina bolderston, is a capital subject, and seems able to hit thehappy medium between working hard and over-working; but you appear tosuffer physically from the strain.
i thought you seemed ill even beforethe breakdown on monday, and i fear your parents will be far fromsatisfied with your looks.
in the case of a girl who is preparing toearn her livelihood, and to whom certificates are all-important, onemust take all reasonable precautions and then face the risk; but withyou it is different.
you are the only daughter of wealthy parents, andas, in all probability, you will never need to work for yourself, itwould be wiser to content yourself with taking the ordinary schoolcourse and leaving examinations alone.
i shall feel it my duty toacquaint your mother with my opinions, and to advise--"rhoda gave a gasp of dismay, and stared at her with horrified eyes.
"you will forbid me to go in for any more exams.!
you won't allow me totry again?"
the principal smiled slightly.
"that is, perhaps, over-stating the case.
the final decision must, ofcourse, rest with your parents.
if, in opposition to my advice, theyshould still desire--"but rhoda heard no more.
the idea that her father and mother shouldwish her to go in for any work which interfered with health was soimpossible to conceive that it might as well be dismissed at once.
withone fell crash her castle in the air had fallen to the ground and lay inruins at her feet.
if she had not done well this time, farewell forever to her dreams of distinction, for no other opportunity would begranted!
for the first half of the holidays the thought weighed upon her withdepressing force, but gradually, as health improved, the outlooklightened also, and she began to pose to herself in a new light.
if shepassed well--and, despite her illness, she looked back on most of thepapers with a feeling of complacency--if she won the scholarship, oreven gained distinction, her reputation among her class-mates would beto a certain extent established, and the fact that the delicate natureof her nervous system debarred her from further efforts would entitleher to a tribute of peculiar sympathy.
when other girls succeeded,their companions would shake their heads, and whisper among themselves,"if rhoda could only--""a good thing for her that rhoda," etcetera, etcetera.
in imaginationshe could hear the remarks, and her face unconsciously assumed theexpression of meek endurance with which she would listen.
and so moreand more did the result of that week's work fill the horizon of herlife; she thought of it day by day, and dreamt of it by night; shetalked of it to ella, until even that patient listener wearied of thetheme; she counted the weeks, the days, the hours, until the reportshould arrive.
and then one morning, half-way through breakfast, mrchester looked up from his eggs and bacon and remarked casually--as ifit were an ordinary, commonplace subject, and not an affair of life anddeath:"by the way, rhoda, there is something about your examination in thepaper to-day.
i noticed the heading.
you may like to see it!"
rhoda leant back in her chair, and held out her hand in dumb entreaty.
the newspaper was open at the right page, and her eye fell at once onthe familiar heading, and, underneath, a long list of numbers.
first class, second class, and still no sign of the familiar number.
third class--it was not there!
rhoda gave a little gulp, and beganagain from the very beginning.
she had been too quick, too eager.
itwas so easy to miss a number.
one by one she conned them over, but itwas not there.
the long pass list lay below, and she looked at it withdreary indifference.
to scramble through with the rabble was a sorryattainment, or it seemed so for one moment, but at the next it became,suddenly, a wild, impossible dream, for--the number was not there!
nofear of overlooking this time, for the figures stood out as if printedin fire, and burned themselves into her brain.
the number was not inthe first class, nor the second, nor the third; it was not in the passlist, it was not mentioned at all.
if she had ever permitted herself to anticipate such a situation, whichshe had not, rhoda would have pictured herself flying into a paroxysm ofdespair; but in reality she felt icy cold, and it was in a tone almostof indifference that she announced:"i am plucked!
i have not passed at all."
"never mind, dear; you did your best, and the work matters more than theresult.
very uncertain tests, these examinations--i never cared aboutthem," said her father kindly, and mrs chester smiled in her usualplacid fashion, and murmured, "oh, i expect it's a mistake.
it's soeasy to make a mistake in printing figures.
you will find it is allright, darling, later on.
have some jam!"
they were absolutely placid; absolutely calm; absolutely unconscious ofthe storm of emotion raging beneath that quiet exterior; but haroldglanced at his sister with the handsome eyes which looked so sleepy, butwhich were in reality so remarkably wide-awake, and said slowly:"i think rhoda has finished, mother.
you don't want any jam, do you,ro?
come into the garden with me instead.
i want a stroll."
he walked out through the french window, and rhoda followed with muchthe same feeling of relief as that with which a captive escapes from theprison which seems to be on the point of suffocating him, mentally andphysically.
brother and sister paced in silence down the path leadingto the rose garden.
harold was full of sympathy, but, man-like, foundit difficult to put his thoughts into words, and rhoda, after all, wasthe first to speak.
she stopped suddenly in the middle of the path, andconfronted him with shining eyes.
her voice sounded strange in her ownears.
i am plucked.
i have not passed at all--noteven a common pass."
i'm uncommonly sorry, but--""but do you realise it; do you understand what it means?
i _think_ ido, but i don't.
if i did, i should not be here talking quietly to you.
i should go mad!
i should want to kill myself.
i should bedesperate!"
"don't be silly now, ro.
it's a big disappointment, and i'm sorry foryou, but it's not a bit of use working yourself into hysterics.
facethe thing quietly, and see--""all that it means--.
it means a good deal, harold; more than you canunderstand.
i think i'd rather be alone, please.
you are very kind,but i can't stand consolation just yet.
i'll sit in the arbour."
"just as you please.
i don't want to force myself, but i'd like to helpyou, old girl.
is there nothing else i can do?"
"yes; keep mother away!
don't let her come near me until lunch.
i ambest left alone, and she doesn't understand--no one understands exceptthose who have been at school, and know how--how hard--"the girl's voice trembled, and broke off suddenly, and she walked awayin the direction of the summer-house, while harold thrust his hands intohis pockets and kicked the pebbles on the gravel path.
he was very fondof his impetuous young sister, and the quivering sob which had strangledher last word echoed painfully in his ears.
he realised as neitherfather nor mother could do what such a failure meant to a proud,ambitious girl, and how far-reaching would be its consequences.
it wasnot to-day nor to-morrow that would exhaust this trouble; the bitterestpart was yet to come when she returned to school, and received thecondolences of her more successful companions; when she sat apart andsaw them receive their reward.
harold longed to be able to help, butthere was nothing to do but persuade his parents to leave the girlalone, and to return at intervals to satisfy himself that she was stillin her retreat, and not attempting to drown her sorrows in the lake.
three times over he paced the path, and saw the white-robed figuresitting immovable, with elbows planted on the table, and falling lockshiding the face from view.
so still she sat that he retired silently,hoping that she had fallen asleep, but on the fourth visit he was nolonger alone, but accompanied by a graceful, girlish figure, and theydid not halt until they stood on the very threshold of the arbouritself.
he cried, then, "look up!
i have brought someone to you.
someone you will be glad to see."
the flaxen mane was tossed back, and a flushed face raised in protest.
"i don't--" began rhoda, and then suddenly sprang to her feet andstretched out her arms.
you have come.
oh, i wantedyou--i wanted you so badly!"
miss everett stepped forward and drew the girl to her side, and haroldwaited just long enough to see the fair head and the dark nestletogether, and then took himself off to the house, satisfied that comforthad come at last.
"i have _failed_, evie!"
cried rhoda, clasping her friend's hands, andstaring at her with the same expression of incredulous horror with whichshe had confronted her brother a couple of hours earlier.
"and what are you going to say to me, then?"
"nothing, i think, for the moment, but that i love you dearly, and feltthat i must come to be with you.
aren't you surprised to see me,rhoda?"
"no, i don't think so.
i don't feel anything.
i wanted you, and then--there you were!
it seemed quite natural."
"but it was rather peculiar all the same.
i have been staying with tom,and we were both asked down to d-- for a four days' visit.
that is onlyhalf an hour's rail from here, as you know; so this morning when i sawthe list in the paper i thought at once--`i must see rhoda!
i will godown and chance finding her at home!'"
"so i came, and am so glad to be with you, dear.
i have seen yourmother, and have promised to stay to lunch.
i need not go back untilfour o'clock."
"oh, that's nice.
i like to have you.
evie, i believe it was thearithmetic.
i was so ill, i could hardly think.
you might as well knowall now.
it was my own doing.
i had been working every morning beforegetting up, and that day i began at four.
i tired myself out before thegong rang."
"i guessed as much.
dorothy told me that she heard someone turning overleaves!"
"why don't you say, `i told you so!'
then, and tell me that it's my ownfault?"
perhaps because i do so many foolish things myself;perhaps because i haven't the heart to scold you just now, you poordear."
rhoda's face quivered, but she pressed her lips together, and said witha gulp:"i suppose--it's a childish trouble!
i suppose--when i am old--andsensible--i shall look back on to-day, and laugh to think how i worriedmyself over such an unimportant trial."
"i am sure you will do nothing of the kind.
you will be very, verysorry for yourself, and very pitiful, and very proud, too, if you canremember that you bore it bravely and uncomplainingly."
"but i can't!
i can't bear it at all.
it gets worse every moment.
ikeep remembering things that i had forgotten.
miss bruce preaching, andmiss mott staring through her spectacles--the girls all saying they aresorry, and the--the record wall, where i wanted to see my name!
i_can't_ bear it, it's no use."
"but you will _have_ to bear it, rhoda.
it is a fact, and nothing thatyou can do will alter it now.
you will have to bear it; but you canbear it in two ways, as you make up your mind to-day.
you can cry andfret, and make yourself ill, and everyone else miserable, or you canbrace yourself up to bear it bravely, and make everyone love and admireyou more than they have ever done before.
which are you going to do?"
"i am going to be cross and horrid.
i couldn't be good if i tried.
i'msoured for life!"
said rhoda stoutly, but even as she spoke a smilestruggled with her tears, and evie laughed aloud--her sweet, ringinglaugh.
"poor, dear old thing!
she looks so like it!
i know better, and am nota bit afraid of you.
you will be good and plucky, and rejoiceunaffectedly in kathleen's success."
is kathleen first?"
"she has won the scholarship.
yes, it will be such a joy.
she neededit so badly, and has worked so hard."
"i hate her!"
"she was always kind to you.
i remember the very first day she took youround the grounds.
you were very good friends."
"i hate her, i tell you!
i detest her name."
"i am sure you will write and congratulate her.
imagine if _your_parents were poor, and you saw them harassed and anxious, how thankfulyou would feel to be able to help!
kathleen had a harder time than anyof you, for she could take none of the nice, interesting `extras.'
ithink all her friends will be glad that she has won."
"i shall be glad, too, in about ten years.
if i said i was glad now ishould be a hypocrite, for i wanted it myself.
i suppose irene is allright, and bertha, and all the head girls?
has--has dorothy--""yes, dorothy has passed too."
rhoda cried aloud in bitter distress.
dorothy passed, and i have failed!
oh it is cruel--unjust.
i am cleverer than she!
you can't deny it.
i worked harder.
i was before her always, in every class, in every exam.
oh, it's mean,it's mean that they should have put her before me!"
the tears streamed down her face, for this was perhaps the bitterestmoment she had known.
to be beaten by kathleen, and irene, wasbearable, but--dorothy!
easy-going, mediocre dorothy, who had so littleambition that she could laugh at her own shortcomings, and contentedlycall herself a "tortoise."
well, the tortoise had come off victor oncemore, and the poor, beaten hare sat quivering with mortified grief.
miss everett looked at her with perplexed, anxious eyes.
"you will probably find when the full report comes out that you havedone better in most respects, but that it is the preliminaries whichhave caused your failure.
but rhoda, rhoda, how would it help you toknow that another poor girl had failed, and was as miserable asyourself?
would you be _glad_ to hear that dorothy was sitting cryingat home, and kathleen bearing her parents' grief as well as her own?
you could not possibly be so selfish.
i know you too well.
you are fartoo kind and generous."
"i'm a pig!"
said rhoda contritely, and the tears trickled dismally offthe end of her nose, and splashed on to the wooden table.
"i shouldlike to be a saint, and resigned, and rejoice in the good fortunes of mycompanions like the girls in books, but i can't.
i just feel sore, andmad, and aching, and as if they were all in conspiracy against me tomake my failure more bitter.
you had better give it up, evie, and leaveme to fight it out alone.
i'll come to my senses in time, and writepretty, gushing letters to say how charmed i am--and make funny littlejokes at the end about my own collapse.
this is monday--perhaps bywednesday or thursday--""i expect it will be tuesday, and not an hour later.
you are lettingoff such an amount of steam that you will calm down more quickly thanyou think.
and now, hadn't we better go indoors, and bathe those poorred eyes before lunch?
your mother will think i have been scolding you,and i don't want to be looked upon as a dragon when i'm out of harness,and posing as an innocent, unprofessional visitor.
come, dear, andwe'll talk no more of the horrid old exam., but try to forget it andenjoy ourselves!"
rhoda's sigh was sepulchral in its intensity, for, of course, happinessmust henceforth be a thing of the past, so far as she was concerned; butas she did not appreciate the idea of appearing at lunch with a tear-stained face, she followed meekly to the house, and entering by a sidedoor, led the way upstairs to her own luxurious bedroom.
half an hour of chastened enjoyment followed as she sat sponging hereyes, while evie strolled round the room, exclaiming with admiration atthe sight of each fresh treasure, and showing the keenest interest inthe jugs and their histories.
she admired rhoda's possessions, andrhoda admired her, watching the graceful figure reflected in themirrors; the pretty dress, so simple, yet so becoming; the dark hairwaving so softly round the winsome face.
evie was certainly one of theprettiest of creatures, and rhoda felt a sort of reflected glory intaking her downstairs and exhibiting her to her family.
if the tear marks had not altogether disappeared, no one appeared tonotice them, and despite her own silence, lunch was a cheery meal.
eviechattered away in her gayest manner; mrs chester agreed with every wordshe said, and called her "dear" as if she were a friend of years'standing.
mr chester beamed upon her with undisguised, fatherlyadmiration, and harold looked more animated than rhoda had seen him formany a long day.
the brisk, bright way in which evie took up hisdrawling sentences, and put him right when he was mistaken in astatement, would have made him withdraw into his shell if attempted by amember of the household, but he did not seem in the least annoyed withevie.
he only smiled to himself in amused fashion, and watched hernarrowly out of the corners of his eyes.
when dessert was put upon the table, mrs chester looked wistfully atrhoda's white face, lighted into a feeble smile by one of her friend'ssallies, and was seized with a longing to keep this comforter at hand.
"i suppose you must go back to d-- this afternoon, dear," she said, "butcouldn't we persuade you to come back and pay us a visit before youleave this part of the world?
it would be a great pleasure to rhoda,and to us all, and any time would suit us.
just fix your own day,and--""oh, evie, do!"
cried rhoda eagerly, and both the men joined in withmurmurs of entreaty; but miss everett shook her head, and saidregretfully:"i'm so sorry, but it's impossible.
i have already been away longerthan i intended, and cannot spend another day away from home.
my motheris busier than usual, for a sister who used to teach has had a badillness and is staying with us for six months, to rest and be nursed up.
it would not be fair to stay away any longer."
"i should think you might be allowed to rest in your holidays.
you workhard enough for the rest of the year, and i need you more than the oldaunt, i'm sure i do.
you must come, if only for a week!"
"i wish i could, rhoda, but it is not possible.
i'll tell you, however,who i believe _could_ come, and who would do you more good than i, andthat is tom bolderston!
she is in no hurry to return home, and as it isdecided that she is not to come back to hurst manor, but go on straightto newnham, it will be your last opportunity of seeing her for sometime.
you would enjoy having tom, wouldn't you, rhoda?"
rhoda lifted her eyebrows with a comical expression.
tom here; tom inerley chase!
tom sitting opposite to harold and blinking at him withher little fish eyes--the thought was so comical that she laughed inspite of herself.
"i think i should.
it would be very funny.
if i may ask her, mother--""of course, of course, darling!
ask whom you will, for as long as youlike," cried the fond mother instantly.
from what she had heard of tomshe had come to the conclusion that she was a very strange, and notentirely sane, young woman; but rhoda wished it, rhoda had laughed atthe suggestion, and said it would be "funny," and that settled thequestion.
a letter of invitation was duly written and given into miss everett'shand when the time came for departure, and brother and sister escortedher to the station.
rhoda was insistent in her regrets at parting, and,wonderful to relate, harold condescended to make still another plea.
ifit were impossible to arrange a visit, could not miss everett spare afew hours at least, come down by an early train, and spend a day on theriver with himself and his sister?
he urged the project so warmly thatevie flushed with mingled pleasure and embarrassment.
"don't tempt me!
i should love it, but we are here only for four days,and i have been away for one already.
it would not be courteous."
"she is so horribly conscientious, that's the worst of her!"
said rhoda,as she and harold retraced their steps across the park.
"she is alwaysthinking about other people.
a day on the river would have beenlovely."
"yes, it's a pity.
i thought we would ask ella, and take up lunch andtea."
"yes, of course, a very good idea.
then we should have been four, and icould have had evie to myself--""y-es!"
drawled harold slowly.
two minutes later rhoda happened to lookat his face, and wondered why in the world he was smiling to himself inthat funny, amused fashion!
tom wrote by return to state that she considered rhoda "a brick" forsending her such a "ripping" invitation; that it would be "great sport"to see her at home, and that she would arrive by the twelve o'clocktrain on the next monday.
"she isn't pretty," rhoda explained anxiously to harold, the fastidious;"in fact, she's plain, very plain indeed.
i'm afraid you won't likeher, but she likes _you_.
she saw you on the platform at euston, andsaid you were a `bee-ootiful young man,' and that she was broken-heartedthat she couldn't stay to make your acquaintance."
"good taste, evidently, though unattractive!"
said harold, smiling.
"i'm sorry she's not good-looking, but it can't be helped.
no doubt shemakes up for it in moral worth."
"well, she does, that's perfectly true.
i loathed and detested her atfirst, but i'm devoted to her now.
she's just, and kind, and awfullyclever, and so funny that you simply can't be in low spirits when she'sabout.
all the girls adore her, but you won't.
she says herself thatmen can't appreciate her, so she's going to devote her life to women,out of revenge.
men never care for women unless they are pretty andtaking," cried rhoda, with an air, and harold protested sententiously.
"i'm the exception to the rule!
i look beyond the mere exterior, to thenobility of character which lies behind.
dear tom's lack of beauty isnothing to me.
i am prepared for it, and shall suffer no disillusion."
he changed his mind, however, when at the appointed time "dear tom"arrived, and stepped from the carriage on to the platform of the littlestation.
when his eye first fell upon her, in response to rhoda'sexcited, "there she is!"
he felt a momentary dizzy conviction that theremust be a mistake.
this extraordinary apparition could never be hissister's friend, but yes!
it was even so, for already the girls weregreeting each other, and glancing expectantly in his direction.
he wentthrough the introduction with immovable countenance, saw the two friendscomfortably seated in the pony carriage, and called to mind a message inthe village which would prevent him from joining them as he hadintended.
he required a few minutes' breathing time to recover hisself-possession, and the girls drove off alone, not at all sorry, if thetruth were told, to be deprived of his company.
cried rhoda, and stared with wondering eyes at theunaccustomed grandeur of her friend's attire.
thomasina had done honourto the occasion by putting on her very best coat and skirt, of a shadeof fawn accurately matching her complexion, while on her head wasperched that garment unknown at hurst, "a trimmed hat."
fawn straw,fawn wings sticking out at right angles, bows of fawn-coloured ribbonwired into ferocious stiffness--such was the work of art; andcomplacent, indeed, was the smile of its owner as she met hercompanion's scrutiny.
"got 'em _all_ on, haven't i?"
she enquired genially.
"must do honourto the occasion, you know, and here's yourself all a-blowing, all a-growing, looking as fresh as a daisy, in your grand white clothes!"
"indeed, then, i feel nothing of the kind, or it must be a very dejecteddaisy.
you have heard the news, of course, and know that i am--""plucked!"
concluded tom, pronouncing the awful word without a quiver.
thought you would be; you were so cheap that arithmetic morning.
you can't do sums when you are on the point of fainting every secondminute...  very good results on the whole."
"yes, but--isn't it awful for me?
don't you pity me?
i never in mylife had such a blow."
"bit of a jar, certainly, but it's over now, and can't be helped.
said tom calmly, and rhoda gave a little jump in her seat.
after all, can anyone minister to a youthful sufferer like a friend ofher own age?
tom's remarks would hardly have been considered comfortingby an outsider, yet by one short word she had helped rhoda more than anyelderly comforter had been able to do.
it was interesting andpraiseworthy to grieve over such a disappointment as she hadexperienced, to be sorrowful, even heart-broken, but _to whine_!
thatput an entirely different aspect on her grief!
to whine was feeble,childish, and undignified, a thing to which no self-respecting girlcould stoop.
as rhoda recalled her tears and repinings, a flush ofshame came to her cheeks, and she resolved that, whatever she might haveto suffer in the future, she would, at least, keep it to herself, andnot proclaim her trouble on the house-tops.
when the chase was reached, tom was taken into the drawing-room andintroduced to mrs chester, who poured out tea in unusual silence,glancing askance at the fawn-coloured visitor who sat bolt upright onher chair, nibbling at her cake with a propriety which was asdisconcerting to the kindly hostess as it was apparently diverting toher daughter.
rhoda had been accustomed to see tom play a hundred slytricks over this sociable meal, a favourite one being to balance a largemorsel on the back of her right hand, and with an adroit little tap fromthe left send it flying into the mouth stretched wide to receive it, andit tickled her immensely to witness this sudden fit of decorum.
she satand chuckled, and mrs chester sat and wondered, until tom politelydeclined a third cup of tea, and was dragged into the garden, withentreaties to behave properly, and be a little like herself, "i thoughti was charming," she declared.
"i tried to copy evie, and look exactlyas she does when she is doing the agreeable.
didn't you notice thesmile?
and i didn't stare a bit, though i was longing to all the time.
you _do_ live in marble halls, fuzzy, and no mistake!
we could get thewhole of our little crib into that one room, and we don't go in for anyornaments or fal-lals.
a comfortable bed to sleep in, and lots ofbooks--that's all my old dad and i trouble about."
rhoda thought of the dismal little study at hurst manor, with the brokenchairs, and the gloves on the chimney-piece, and could quite imagine thekind of home from which the owner came; but she murmured littleincredulities, as in politeness bound, as she led the way in thedirection best calculated to impress a stranger.
tom did not pay muchattention to the grounds themselves, but she raved over the horses, andmade friends with all the dogs, even old lion, the calf-like mastiff,who was kept chained up in the stable-yard because of his violentantipathy to strangers.
when he beheld this daring young woman walkingup to his very side, and making affectionate overtures for his favour,he showed his teeth in an alarming scowl, but next moment he changed hismind, and presently tom was pinching and punching, and stroking hisears, with the ease of an old acquaintance.
"i've never met the dog yet that i couldn't master!"
"that old fellow would follow me all round the grounds asmeekly as a lamb, if he had the chance!"
"we won't try him, thank you; he might meet a messenger-boy _en route_,and we should have to pay the damages.
come along now, and i will showyou--" but at this opportune moment harold came in view, saunteringround the corner of the stable, and rhoda called to him eagerly, glad tobe able to impress him with a sense of tom's powers.
"harold, look here!
see what friends tom has made with lion already.
he lets her do anything that she likes.
isn't it wonderful?"
exclaimed harold, and looked unaffectedly surprised to seehis gruff old friend submitting meekly to the stranger's advances.
was the mental comment, but aloud he said suavely,"lion is a good judge of character.
he knows when he has found afriend."
"yes, they all recognise me.
i was a bulldog in my last incarnation,"said tom calmly, and by some extraordinary power which she possessed ofdrawing her mobile features into any shape which she chose, certain itis that she looked marvellously like a bulldog at that moment: twinklingeyes set far apart, heavy mouth, small, impertinent nose, all complete!
harold was so taken aback that he did not know what to say, but rhodadragged laughingly at her friend's arm and cried,--"come along!
it will soon be time to go indoors and dressfor dinner, and we haven't done half our round.
i was going to take tomto the links, harold.
she is a great golfer, and will be interested inseeing them.
you'll come too, won't you?"
they are just our own tame little links, missbolderston, which we have faked up in the park.
you won't think much ofthem if you are a player, but they give an opportunity for privatepractice, and we have some good sport there occasionally."
how many holes?"
enquired tom, sticking one thumb between thebuttonholes of her coat, and tilting her head at him with such abusinesslike air that he felt embarrassed to be obliged to reply.
"nine, with a little crossing about; some of the distances are veryshort, i'm afraid.
still, it has its points, and i've played on largerlinks with less enjoyment.
we will take a short cut across here to thefirst hole.
we start here, as you see, and a good full cleek shotshould land you on the green.
there are only two holes which reallygive a chance for a driver.
now you can see the second green, but it'snot so easy a hole as it looks from here, for the grass is tussocky, andone almost always gets a bad lie for the approach."
"yes, but why not drive for the green?"
"well, you see, it's rather too far for a cleek, and too short for adriver.
sometimes i try it with a brassey, but on the whole i think thecleek is best.
if you over-drive you get into awful trouble, as youwill see."
so the course was gone over and explained, and tom's eye wasquick to see the possibilities, and note the dangers, nor did shehesitate sometimes to differ from harold's tactics.
"well," said he, in conclusion, "what do you think of 'em?
rathersporting, aren't they?"
"that fifth hole is a little tricky, but ithink they ought to be done in--er--what's your record?"
"m-well, it varies--of course.
i'm no pro., but i can get round inforty, with luck."
tom wheeled round on her heel, and gazed from right toleft with calculating eyes.
her lips moved noiselessly, then she noddedher head, and cried confidently:"i'll take you!
i'll play you to-morrow for the better man!"
agreed harold at once, but he straightened his shoulders as hespoke with a gesture which meant that he had no intention, if he knewit, of being beaten by a school-girl, and his sister looked forward tothe contest with very mingled feelings.
if tom lost, it would be adistinct blow; yet if tom won, how harold would dislike her!
howhopeless it would be to look for any friendship between them after that!
she was glad that the game would have to be deferred for a day atleast, for an evening spent in tom's company must surely instal her inpublic favour.
when, however, she went to her friend's room to conveyher downstairs to dinner, rhoda's confidence was shaken, and she nearlyexclaimed aloud in dismay at the apparition which she beheld.
tom in full evening dress was a vision which had been denied to hurstmanor, but on the present occasion she had evidently determined to payevery honour to her hosts, and bony arms and neck emerged festively froma shot-silk gown, which rhoda felt convinced must have been a possessionof the long-deceased mother.
"what do you think of _that_?"
tom cried proudly, rustling round toconfront the new-comer, arms akimbo, and eyes twinkling withcomplacency.
"there's a natty get-up!
quite a fashion plate, ain't i?
the very latest from par-ee.
you didn't expect to see anything likethat, did you?"
cried rhoda, truthfully enough; but tom suspected no satirein her words, and taking up the hand-glass, began twisting and turningbefore the mirror so as to get a view of her hair, which was no longerplaited into a pigtail, but screwed into a knot the size of a walnut,planted accurately in the middle of her head.
"i say, what do you think of my coiffure?"
rhoda looked, and burst into a shriek of laughter.
i noticed there was something different, but couldn't think what itwas.
oh, no, no, tom, you can't leave it like that!
you must make itbigger, and wear it either high or low.
it's too ridiculous--thatlittle button just in the very wrong place.
sit down for one moment,and i'll arrange it for you!"
but tom beat her off resolutely with the hair-brush.
it's my own hair, and i like it this way.
it's _distingue_--not like every other woman you meet.
now that i've left school and amgrown-up, i must study _les convenances_, and it's fatal to becommonplace.
i may be prejudiced, but it seems to me that in this get-up i'm a striking figure!"
the beaming good-humour of her smile, the utter absence of anythingapproaching envy or discontent, struck home to rhoda's heart, andsilenced further protestations.
she put her arm round tom's waist, gaveher an affectionate grip, wishing, for perhaps the first time in herlife, that she herself had put on an older frock, so that the contrastbetween herself and her guest should be less marked in the eyes of thehousehold.
socially speaking, tom was not a success.
mrs chester wasplainly alarmed by her eccentricities; mr chester did not know whetherto take her in fun or in earnest; and harold's languor grew more andmore pronounced.
the very servants stared with astonishment at thepeculiar guest, and when dinner was over rhoda, in despair, took tom upto her own den to avoid the ordeal of an evening in the drawing-room.
once alone, with closed doors and no critical grown-ups to listen totheir conversation, the hours sped away with lightning speed, while tomtold of her own plans, sympathised with rhoda's ambition, and let fallwords of wisdom, none the less valuable for being uttered in the mostcasual fashion.
every now and again the remembrance of her recentdisappointment would send a stabbing pain through rhoda's heart, but, asshe had said, it was impossible to remain in low spirits in tom'scompany, and if no one else enjoyed that young lady's society it wasprecious beyond words to her girl companion.
the game of golf was played as arranged, but though harold came offvictor it was too close a contest to be agreeable to his vanity, or toincrease his liking for his opponent, while mr chester confided to hiswife that he could not understand rhoda's infatuation for such aremarkably unattractive companion.
"if it had been that sweet little miss everett, now, she might havestayed for a year, and been welcome, but i confess i shall be glad whenthis girl takes her departure.
she makes me quite nervous, sittingblinking at me with those little eyes.
i have a sort of feeling thatshe is laughing to herself when she seems most serious."
"oh, she could never laugh at you, dear.
she couldn't be so audacious!"
declared mrs chester fondly; "but i can't bring myself to like her, andwhere her cleverness lies is a mystery to me.
i never met a moreignorant girl.
she can neither sew nor knit nor crochet, and theremarks she made in the market yesterday would have disgraced a child often.
i pity the man who gets _her_ for his wife!"
but, as we have seen, thomasina had other ideas than matrimony for herown future.
as she drove to the station by rhoda's side she fell intoan unusual fit of silence, and emerging from it said slowly:"i'm glad i've seen your home, fuzzy.
it's very beautiful, and veryhappy.
you are all so fond of one another, and so nice and kind, thatit's a regular ideal family.
i think you are a lucky girl.
i like allyour people very much, though they don't like me!"
rhoda exclaimed sharply, but tom's smile was without a shadow of offenceas she insisted--"my dear, i know it!
don't perjure yourself for the sake of politeness.
i'm sorry, but--i'm accustomed to it.
strangers _don't_ like me, andit's not a mite of use trying to ingratiate myself.
i did all i knewwhen i came here.
i wore my best clothes, i tried to behave prettily,and you see, dead failure, as usual!
you needn't look doleful, for nodoubt it's all for the best.
if i were beauteous and fascinating imight be distracted from my work, whereas now i shall devote myself toit with every scrap of my strength.
girls love me, and i love them, soi'll give up my life for their service.
we have all our vocation, andit would be a happier world if everyone were as well satisfied as i am.
`in work, in work, in work always, let my young days be spent.'
here's the station already, and i haven't said half i wanted to!"
"nor i to you.
it's horrid to say good-bye, and think of school withoutyou, but you'll write to me, won't you, tom?
you will promise to writeregularly?"
"indeed, i won't!
fifty odd girls implored me to write to them, andit's too big an order.
no, my dear fuzz, i shall have no time to tellyou how busy i am.
here we part, and we must leave it to fate or goodfortune when we meet again.
bless you, my infant!
perk up, and be acredit to me."
"but--but--how am i to know, how am i to hear what happens to you?
i_can't_ say good-bye and let you fade away completely, as if we hadnever met.
you _must_ let me know!"
"look in the newspapers.
you will see my doings recorded in the publicpress," replied tom, as she skipped into the carriage.
rhoda looked onblankly, her heart sinking with a conviction that tom did not care; thatit was nothing for her to say good-bye and part without a prospect ofreunion.
she was too proud to protest, but, waving her hand, turnedabruptly away and walked out of the station.
the train lingered,however, and the temptation to take one more peep became too strong tobe resisted, so she ran along the path for twenty or thirty yards, andpeered cautiously through a gate from which a sight of the carriage inwhich her friend sat could be commanded.
tom had leant back in herseat, and flung her hat on one side; her little eyes were red withtears, and she was mopping them assiduously with a ball-like pockethandkerchief!
school again, and no tom!
the house-parlour with no manly figure tolean with its back against the mantelpiece, and jingle chains in itspocket; the dining-hall with no one to make faces at the critical momentwhen a girl was swallowing her soup, or to nudge her elbow as she lifteda cup to her lips; the cubicle with no magenta dressing-jacket whiskingto and fro--it was ghastly!
the girls could not reconcile themselves totheir loss, and the first fortnight of the term was one of unalloyeddepression.
no one dared to joke, for if she did her companionsinstantly accused her of "apeing tom" and snubbed her for the feeblenessof the attempt; no one dared to be cheerful, lest she should be chargedwith fickleness, and want of heart.
and irene, the beautiful, reignedin tom's stead!
it would have been a difficult post for any girl tohave succeeded thomasina bolderston, but, curious though it may appear,irene's flaxen locks and regular features were for the time being somany offences in the eyes of her companions.
they were accustomed totom; tom had been the head girl of their heart, and they resented the"finicking" ways of her successor as an insult to the dear departed.
irene strove by a gentle mildness of demeanour to soften the prejudiceagainst her, and the girls but abused her the more.
"catch tom saying `_it didn't matter_'!
imagine tom pretending shedidn't hear!
a nice head girl _she_ is!
we might as well have hilaryjervis!"
irene assumed a pretence of firmness; the girls rolled theireyes at each other and tittered audibly.
the idea of irene greyordering others about!
plainly, it was time, and time only, which couldgive any authority to tom bolderston's supplanter!
how keenly rhoda felt her friend's absence no one guessed but herself.
tom's attitude towards the result of the late examinations would havegiven the keynote to that of her companions, and have shielded the poor,smarting victim from much which she now had to endure.
the girls wereunaffectedly sorry for her, but pity is an offering which a proud spiritfinds it hard to accept.
it seemed strange to realise that girls castin such graceful moulds as dorothy and irene should be so deficient intact as to gush over the humiliation of another, and check therhapsodies of successful candidates by such significant coughings andfrownings as must have been obvious to the dullest faculties.
oh, fortom's downright acceptance of a situation--her calm taking-for-grantedthat the sufferer was neither selfish nor cowardly enough to grudgesuccess to others!
rhoda felt, as we have all felt in our time, thatshe had never thoroughly appreciated her friend until she had departed,and she was one of the most enthusiastic members of the committeeorganised to arrange about the tablet to be composed in tom's honour.
of course, tom must have a place on the record wall!
blues, reds,greens, and yellows were unanimously decided on the point; contributionspoured in, and on sunday afternoon the blues sat in consultation overthe wording of the inscription.
"the simpler the better.
tom hated gush!"
was the general opinion; butit was astonishing how difficult it was to hit on something simple yettelling.
a high-flown rhapsody seemed far easier to accomplish, and atlast, in despair, each girl was directed to compose an inscription andto read it aloud for general approval.
none were universally approved,but rhoda's received the largest number of votes, as being simple yetcomprehensive:--"this tablet is erected to the memory of thomasina bolderston, the mostpopular `head girl' whom hurst manor has ever known.
her companionsaffectionately record the kindly justice of her rule, and the unfailingcheerfulness which was a stimulus to them in work and play."
"yes--it's the best, decidedly the best, but i should like it to havebeen better still!"
said kathleen thoughtfully.
"it is so difficult todescribe tom in three or four lines."
"and it leaves so much unsaid!
i should like to describe her a littlebit so that future pupils might know what she was like.
if they readthat, they would imagine her just like anyone else," objected bertha,frowning.
"i suppose it wouldn't do to say something about her--er--`_engaging ugliness_!'
or some expression like that?"
howls of indignation greeted this audacious proposition, and bertha wasalternately snubbed, reproached, and abused, until she grew sulky andretired from the discussion.
rhoda herself came to the rescue, and withthe critical spirit of the true artist acknowledged the defect in herown work.
"bertha is right!
what i have written gives no idea of tom herself.
it's a pity, but i don't see how it can be helped.
what words coulddescribe tom to anyone who had not seen her?
now, here's another idea!
why not make a rule that every girl who has had her name inscribed onthe record wall must present a framed portrait to the school?
all theframes would be alike, and they would be hung in rows in the great hall,so that future generations of pupils might be able to see what the girlswere like, and feel more friendly towards them!"
what a h-eavenly idea!"
cried irene rapturously.
why in the world have we never thought of that before?"
"i never heard of anything so splendid!"
cried the girls in chorus,while rhoda sat beaming with gratified smiles.
well, if her own namewould never be printed in that roll of honour, at least she had composedthe inscription of one of the most important tablets, and had suggesteda new idea which bade fair to be as much appreciated as the wall itself!
already the girls were debating eagerly together as to itsinauguration, and deciding that the different "heads" should be deputedto write to those old members of each house who had been honoured withtablets, to ask for portraits taken as nearly as possible about the dateof leaving school.
irene, of course, would communicate with tom toinform her of the step about to be taken by her companions, and todirect her to be photographed at the first possible moment.
"and--er--you might just drop a hint about her attire!"
said rhoda,anxiously, as a remembrance of the dress and coiffure of erley chaserose before her.
nothing more likely than that tom would elect to dohonour to her companions by putting on her very best clothes for theirbenefit, and imagine the horror of the blues at seeing their old headdecked out in such fashion!
"we should like best to see her as she usedto look here."
"she must wear the old blue dress, and stand with her back to thefireplace, with her hands in her pockets," cried kathleen firmly.
"wedon't want to see tom lying in a hammock against a background of palms,or smirking over a fan--not much!
it's the genuine article we want, andno make-up.
what will she say, i wonder, when she hears she is going tohave a tablet?
will she be pleased or vexed?"
"she must be pleased--who could help it?--but she will pretend she isnot.
mark my words, she'll write back and say it's a piece ofridiculous nonsense."
so prophesied irene; but the result proved that she was wrong, for tom,as usual, refused to be anticipated.
instead of protesting that she haddone nothing worthy of such an honour, and beseeching her companions notto make themselves ridiculous, she dismissed the subject in a couple oflines, in which she declared the proposed scheme to be "most laudable,"and calmly volunteered to contribute half-a-crown!
the blues agreed among themselves that such behaviour came perilouslynear "callousness," but rhoda recalled that last peep through the barsof the station gate, and could not join in the decision.
she believedthat tom would be profoundly touched by the honour, so touched and soproud that she dared not trust herself to approach the subject from aserious view.
and she was right, for if imagination could have carriedher old companions to the study where tom was then domiciled, they wouldhave seen her chalking an immense red cross on her calendar against thedate when irene's letter had arrived, and mentally recording it as theproudest day of her life.
no mention was made of the photograph, but in due time it arrived, solife-like and speaking in its well-known attitude, that the moresentimental of the girls shed tears of joy at beholding it.
closelyfollowing it came other contributions to the gallery, which the new-comers examined with keenest interest, feeling more able to understandthe enthusiasm of their seniors, now that the well-known names wereattached to definite personalities.
about this time, too, arrived a full report of the examination, and, ashad been expected, rhoda was found to have failed in arithmetic.
inother subjects she had done well, gaining the longed-for distinction ingerman and french, so that if only-- oh!
that little "if!"
how much itmeant!
that terrible mountainous "if," which made all the differencebetween failure and success!
_if_ it had been a dark morning and shehad slept on!
_if_ she had given way to temptation, and dozed off inthe middle of her work!
_if_ she had listened to evie's words ofwarning!--if but one of those possible ifs had been accomplished, shewould have been among the happy crowd to-day, and not standing miserablyapart, the only girl in the house who had failed to pass.
the wildgrief of the first few days swept back like a wave and threatened tooverwhelm her, but she clung to the remembrance of tom's words, and toldherself passionately that she would _not_ "whine"!
she would not poseas a martyr!
even on that great occasion when the certificates werepresented in great hall, and the school burst into ecstatic repetitionsof "see the conquering hero comes!"
as each fresh girl walked up to theplatform, even through that dread ordeal did rhoda retain her self-possession, attempting--poor child--to add a trembling note to thechorus.
she never knew, nor guessed, that the girls honoured her more in thatmoment than if she had won a dozen distinctions.
she did not see thekindly glances bent upon her by the teachers, for they were careful toturn aside when she looked in their direction; and if she had seen, shewould never have believed it was admiration, and not pity, which thoselooks expressed.
in her estimation the occasion was one of pure,unalloyed humiliation, and when she reached the shelter of her cubicleshe seized the hand-glass and examined her ruddy head anxiously beneaththe electric globe.
"it isn't true!"
"the ghost stories tell lies.
i don'tbelieve now that anyone's head ever turned white in a night.
i can'tsee a single grey hair."
after a storm comes a calm.
compared with the struggle and anxiety ofthe summer term, the one which followed seemed stagnation itself.
thearrival of the report had been an excitement, it is true; but when thatwas over the days passed by in uneventful fashion, until autumn wanedand winter came back, with the attendant discomforts of dark mornings,draughty corridors, and coatings of ice on the water in the ewers; forthis was a good, old-fashioned winter, when jack frost made hisappearance in the beginning of december, and settled down with asolidity which meant that he had come to stay.
the hardy girls declaredthat it was "ripping," and laughed at the shivery subjects who hobbledabout on chilblained feet, and showed faces mottled blue and red, likethe imitation marble in lodging-house-parlours; the shivery girlshuddled in corners, and wished they could go to bed and hug hot bottlesuntil may came back and it was fit for human creatures to go aboutagain!
people who possess brisk circulations can never understand thesufferings of those whom no amount of clothing will keep warm, and whoperform their duties for four months in the year feeling as though icywater were streaming down their backs.
human sympathy is an elasticvirtue, but it seems powerless to reach so far as that!
poor miss everett belonged to this latter unhappy class, and perhaps thehardest duty which she had to perform at hurst manor was the spending oftwo hours daily in the grounds with her pupils, be the weather warm orcold.
to be sure, they always moved about briskly, playing hockey andlacrosse so long as the weather allowed, and then turning to skating andtobogganing, but there were moments of waiting and hanging about, whenthe wind cut through her like a knife, and made her pretty face lookpinched to half its size.
rhoda, brisk and glowing, would look at herwith affectionate superiority, call her a "poor, dear, little frog," andinsist upon running races to restore circulation.
evie would declarethat she felt warmer after these exertions, but when at the expirationof ten minutes she was found to be shivering and chattering as much asever, rhoda would grow anxious, and consequently more flattering in hersimiles.
"you are a hot-house flower, and not fit to rough it like this!
itmakes me cold to look at you.
i have a great mind to tell miss brucehow you suffer, and ask her to forbid you to come out to games in thisweather!"
but at this miss everett protested in genuine alarm.
"rhoda, you must do nothing of the kind!
don't you see that it would beas much as saying that i am unfit for my work?
miss bruce thinks itquite as important that i should be with you for games as for work;perhaps more so, for there is more likelihood of your getting intomischief.
i don't like feeling cold, but after all it is only for a fewweeks in the year, and as i thoroughly enjoy being out of doors for therest of the time there is not much to grumble about.
it won't kill meto shiver a little bit."
"cold, cough, consumption, coffin!"
quoted rhoda cheerfully.
"i hate tosee you with a blue nose, when i am tingling all over with heat, andfeeling so fit and jolly.
it's unsociable--and unbecoming!
now justskate once more round the field with me, and i won't worry you anymore!"
miss everett sighed, and consented.
her feet were so numbed that shehad believed them incapable of any feeling, but now the straps of herskates were beginning to cut into her like so many sharp-edged knives.
she longed to take them off, but did not like to refuse the girl'skindly invitation, while, unselfishly speaking, it was a pleasure to seethe graceful figure skimming along by her side, with such healthfulenjoyment in the exercise.
the pupils at hurst manor were seldom, if ever, allowed to skate on thelake, for it was deep, and the principal preferred to have one of thefields flooded in its stead, where the girls could disport themselveswith that sense of security which comes from seeing little tufts ofgrass showing beneath the surface of the ice.
even nervous subjectsgrew bold under such conditions, and while the more advanced skaters cutfigures, or even essayed a game of hockey, the spectators circled roundand round, looking admiringly at their exploits.
at one end of thefield was a slight ditch, or rather undulation in the ground, which whenfrozen over afforded a source of unending amusement, being as good as aswitchback itself.
daring skaters went at it with a dash which broughtthem safely up the incline on the further side, but by far the greaternumber collapsed helplessly at the bottom, or, rising half-way up theascent, staggered back with waving arms and gasping cries, vastlyentertaining to the spectators.
evie would never be induced to makethis experiment, having, as she said, "too much respect for her ankles"to subject them to so severe a trial, and having also passed that agewhen to tumble down in an icy ditch twenty times over in the course ofan afternoon seems the height of mortal bliss.
the hardihood of the vast majority of the girls, the imperturbable goodnature with which they picked themselves up from their recumbentposition and hobbled up the banks on the edge of their skates, spokevolumes for the success of the system on which they were educated.
theyreturned to the house glowing and panting, and surged up the staircase--a stream of buoyant young life which seemed to warm the draughtycorridors and bring sunshine into the colourless rooms.
the piles of"bread and scrape" which disappeared at tea after such an afternoon asthis would have amazed the parents of the daughters whose appetites athome had been so captious as to excite anxiety in the maternal heart!
"of course," as the croakers had it, as soon as a week's consecutiveskating had made everyone proficient enough to enjoy the pastime, thesnow descended, and fell in a persistent shower which made the iceimpossibly rough.
the girls looked out from their windows on awonderful white world, whose beauty was for the time hidden from them bydisappointment, but, in the end, even snow seemed to bring with it itsown peculiar excitements.
relief gangs of pupils were organised tosweep the principal paths in the grounds, while those not so employedset to work to manufacture "snow men."
not the ordinary common, orgarden snow man, be it understood--that disreputable, shapelessindividual with his pipe in his mouth, and his hat perched on the backof his head, with whom we are all familiar--the hurst manor girls wouldhave none of him; but, superintended by the "modelling mistress," set towork with no smaller ambition than to erect a gallery of classicfigures.
some wise virgins chose to manufacture recumbent figures,which, if a somewhat back-breaking process, was at least free from theperils which attended the labours of their companions.
what could bemore annoying than to have two outstretched arms drop suddenly, at thevery moment when the bystanders were exclaiming with admiration, and tobe obliged to convert a flying god into a venus de milo as the onlyescape from the difficulty?
or, again, how was it possible to achieve aclassic outline when a nose absolutely refused to adhere to a face formore than two minutes together?
the recumbent figures lay meekly ontheir beds and allowed themselves to be rolled, and patted, and pinchedinto shape, until at a distance, they presented quite a life, or ratherdeathlike, effect.
the girls declared that the sight gave them the"creeps," whatever that mysterious malady might be, and snowballed theeffigies vigorously before returning to the house, so that no stragglerthrough the grounds might be scared by their appearance.
all this time an eager outlook was kept on a sloping bank at the end ofthe cricket ground, where the snow lay first in patches and then bydegrees in an unbroken mass.
when it grew deep enough tobogganing wouldbegin, and that was a sport held in dearest estimation.
the course wasdubbed "klosters," after the famous run at davos, for the school-girl ofto-day is not happy unless she can give a nickname to her haunts, and itwas sufficiently steep to be exciting, though not dangerous.
rhoda had been accustomed from childhood to practise this sport at home,and had brought to school her beautiful american toboggan, with thestars and stripes emblazoned on polished wood, ready for use ifopportunity should occur.
she knew that her experience would stand herin good stead, and was now, as ever, on the outlook for a chance ofdistinguishing herself in the eyes of her companions.
one may benaturally clever and athletic, but it is astonishing how many others,equal, and even superior to oneself, can be found in an assembly of overtwo hundred girls.
do what you would, a dozen others appeared tocompete with you, and it was ten to one that you came off second best.
"but wait till we can toboggan!"
said rhoda to herself.
"they will see_then_ who has the most nerve!
i'll astonish them before i have done!"
and she did.
following a fall of snow came a frost, which pressed down and hardenedthe soft surface until it was in perfect condition for the desiredsport.
the games captains surveyed the course, and pronounced it ready,and directly after lunch a procession of girls might have been seenwending their way from the house, dragging toboggans in their wake, andchattering merrily together.
the wind blew sharp and keen, and many ofthe number looked quite arctic, waddling along in snow shoes, reefercoats, and furry caps with warm straps tied over the ears.
it was _derigueur_ to address such personages as "nansen"; but rhoda gained forherself the more picturesque title of "hail columbia" as she strodealong, straight and alert, her tawny curls peeping from beneath asealskin cap, her stars and stripes toboggan making a spot of colour inthe midst of the universal whiteness.
no one thought of addressing herexcept in a more or less successful imitation of an american twang, orwithout including the words "i guess" in every sentence, and she smiledin response, well satisfied to represent so honoured a nation.
the progress of dragging toboggans to the top of an incline is alwaysuninteresting, and never takes place without an accompaniment ofgrumbling, in which, we may be sure, the hurst manor girls were in noway behind.
they groaned, and sighed, and lamented, as in duty bound,while dorothy went a step further and improved the occasion by moralreflections.
"if i were a man i could preach a splendid sermon on tobogganing.
allabout sliding down hill, you know, and how easy it is, and how quicklydone, and how jolly and lively it feels, and then the long, long dragback when you want to get to the top again.
it is a splendidillustration; for, of course, sliding down would mean doing wrong thingsthat are nice and easy, and the climb back the bad time you would havepulling yourself together again and starting afresh...  it's really asplendid idea.
i wonder no--" but at this moment it occurred to dorothyto wonder at something else, namely, how it was that her toboggan hadgrown suddenly so light, and turning round to discover the reason, shefound it rapidly sliding downhill.
the girl immediately behind hadnipped out her knife and deftly cut the leading string, as a practicaldemonstration of the favour in which "sermonising" was held at hurst,and the whole band stood and screamed with laughter as the would-bepreacher retraced her steps to the bottom of the hill, and startedafresh on her symbolic climb!
five minutes later, with a rush and a whoop the first toboggans cameflying down the slope.
their course was, perhaps, a trifle erratic, andapt to be followed by a spill at the bottom, but these were unimportantdetails only to be expected in the first run of the season, and thestyle improved with every fresh start.
one girl after another cameflying down, drew her toboggan up a little slope facing the run, and satdown upon it to recover breath and watch the exploits of her companions.
experience had proved that, however rapid the descent, a tobogganinvariably stopped short before this edge was reached, so that it wasaccepted as a retreat of absolute safety, and, as a rule, there were asmany girls resting there as starting from the brow of the hill.
allwent on merrily, then, until in the very height of the fun dorothy wasseized with an attack of her usual sickness.
it was not a very deadlycomplaint--nothing more serious than haemorrhage from the nose, but itwas astonishing how much trouble it seemed able to give her!
to thegaze of the world that nose was both a pretty and innocent-lookingfeature, but it must surely have been possessed with an evil spirit,since there was no end to the plights in which it landed the unhappyowner!
it disdained to bleed in a cubicle, or any such convenientplace, but delighted in taking advantage of the most awkward andhumiliating opportunities.
it bled regularly at frolics, when she woreher best clothes, and wished to be merry; it bled in the ante-room ofthe examination hall, so that she went in to tackle the mathematicalpaper with three pennies and two separate keys poked down her back; itbled at the critical part of a game or when she went out to tea, orforgot to put a handkerchief in her pocket.
"it is my cross!"
she wouldsigh sadly, and to-day she was inclined to say so more than ever, sincethe attack was so severe, that she must needs go indoors, and leave herfavourite sport on the very first day when it had been possible to enjoyit.
miss everett walked with her across the field, cheering and encouraging,and directing her to go straight to nurse when she reached the house,then retraced her own steps and hurried back to her charges.
she hadbeen away only five minutes, barely five minutes, but in that short timesomething had happened which was destined to bring about life-longconsequences to more than one member of the party, for it chanced thatjust as she turned away rhoda chester reached the top of the run, on thelookout for fresh opportunities.
it was absurd to go over the samecourse, with no change, no excitement--to do what thirty other girlscould do as well as herself!
she must try to discover some variety thistime, and so she gazed about with critical eyes, and suddenly had aninspiration, for why not drag the toboggan a yard or two further up thesteep bank beyond the path which made the present start?
it was a tree-crowned bank, forming the very crest of the hill, so short that itmeasured at the most six or seven yards, but of a steepness fareclipsing any other portion of the run.
if she could start from thishigher point she would accomplish a feat unattempted by any of hercompanions, and descend at a velocity hitherto unknown!
no sooner thought than done, and she began to climb the bank, draggingthe toboggan behind her, while the onlookers stared aghast.
"in the name of everything that is crazy, rhoda chester, what are youdoing up there?"
"rhoda, come _down_!
don't be absurd!
you can't possibly start fromthere!"
"why not, pray?
i can, if i choose.
i'm tired of ambling down thatbaby-run.
i want a little variety!"
"you will have it with a vengeance, if you start from there.
it's fartoo steep.
don't be obstinate now, and get into trouble.
evie will befurious with you."
"why should she be?
there's no rule against it.
i'm not doing anythingwrong...  get out of the way, please.
"no, no; wait, wait!
wait until evie comes back, and says you may.
shewill be here in a moment.
_do_ wait, rhoda, just one minute!"
but rhoda would not wait.
although, as she had argued, there was norule forbidding what she was about to do, she had an instinctive feelingthat evie was too anxious about the safety of her charges to giveconsent to anything that involved unnecessary risk.
evie's absence washer opportunity, and she must act now or never; so, seating herselffirmly on her toboggan, she called out the last word of warning; "i'mcoming, i tell you!
"you will break your neck!
you will kill yourself, if you are so mad!"
"oh, bother my neck!
i'll risk it!
i'll not blame you if it _is_broken!"
cried rhoda, recklessly; and even as she spoke the last wordthe toboggan shot forward and bounded over the edge.
_bounded_ is theright word to use, for it did not seem to glide, but to leap from top tobottom with a lightning-like speed which took away breath, sight, andhearing.
that first moment was a terrible blank and then she shot overthe path itself, and was flying down, down the slope, drawing her breathin painful gasps, and staring before her with distended eyes.
the girls on the bank were craning forward to watch her approach.
shesaw the blur of their whitened faces, and behind them a little figurerunning wildly forward, waving its arms and crying aloud:"girls, girls!
get away, get away!"
the words rang meaningless in her ears, for she was dazed beyond thepower of thought.
the running figure drew nearer and nearer, stillwaving its hands, still calling out that agonised cry.
the girlsdisappeared to right and left, but the figure itself was close at hand--closer--closer--at her very side.
then came a shock, a jar.
evie'stottering figure fell forward over her own; evie's shriek of anguishrang in her ears, and then came blackness--a blackness as of death!
when rhoda opened her eyes she was lying in a strange bed, and some onewas sitting by her side, anxiously watching her face.
it was not nurse_par excellence_, but the matron of another house, whose features seemedunfamiliar, despite their kindly expression.
"you are better?
you feel rested now?"
she questioned, and rhodastruggled wearily to form a a reply.
"my head aches.
"yes, yes, of course.
don't speak, but lie quite still; i will staybeside you."
a soothing hand was pressed upon her own, and once again her eyesclosed, and she floated away into that strange, dream-like world.
sometimes all was blank, at other times she was dimly conscious of whatwent on around, as when voices murmured together by her side, and nurserelated how she had spoken and answered a question, and the doctordeclared in reply that she was better, decidedly better!
she was heavyand weary, and had no desire but to be left alone, while time passed byin a curious, dizzy fashion, light and darkness succeeding each otherwith extraordinary celerity.
then gradually all became clear; she waslying in the sick room where patients suffering from non-infectiouscomplaints were taken.
the pressure at her head was giving way,allowing glimmering flashes of memory.
what was it?--a terrible,terrible nightmare; a horror as of falling from a great height; asudden, numbing crash...  where has she been?
what had she done?
andthen with another struggling gleam--the toboggan!
her cry of distress brought the nurse to her side, while she gasped outa feeble--"i remember!
i was tobogganing.--i was too quick.
i suppose i fell?"
"yes, you fell, but you are better now; you are getting on finely.
justkeep quiet, and you will be up again in a few days."
there was a tone of relief in the good woman's voice as though there hadbeen another remembrance which she had feared to hear, but rhoda did notnotice it, for a very few words seemed to tire her in those days, andher brain was unable to grasp more than one idea at a time.
the next time she awoke her mother was sitting by the bed.
it appearedthat she had been staying in the house for the past four days, peepingin at the invalid while she slept, but waiting the doctor's permissionto appear before her waking eyes.
rhoda was languidly pleased to seeher, but puzzled to account for the air of depression which lay soconstantly on the once cheery face.
if she were getting better, why dideveryone look so doleful--the doctor, her mother, miss bruce--everyonewhom she saw?
she questioned, but could get no answer, struggled aftera haunting memory, which at one moment seemed at the point of shapingitself into words, and at the next retreated to a hopeless distance.
and then suddenly, by one of those marvellous actions of the brain whichwe can never understand, the whole scene flashed upon her as she layupon her pillow, thinking of something entirely different, and nottroubling her head about the mystery.
she saw herself dragging the toboggan up the bank, felt again the horrorof that first mad rush, saw the girls flying to right and left beforeevie's waving arms, and heard evie's voice shriek aloud in the pain ofthe sudden collision.
her own agonised exclamation brought mother andnurse hurrying across the room to lay soothing hands upon her, and holdher down in bed as she cried out wildly--"oh, i remember!
the toboggan dashed up the bank,and she was looking after the girls, and i crashed into her, and sheshrieked.
she was hurt, terribly hurt...  she felldown over me.
where is she now?
i must go to her--i must go at once!"
the two watchers exchanged a rapid glance, and even in that moment ofagitation rhoda realised that this was the awakening which they had beendreading, this the explanation of the universal depression.
a new noteof fear sounded in her voice, as she quavered feebly:"is evie--dead?"
"no, no, nor likely to die!
she has been ill, but is getting betternow.
she is in her own room, with nurse to look after her.
you cannotpossibly see her yet, for it would be bad for both."
"but you are sure she is better?
you are sure she will get well?
youare not deceiving me just to keep me quiet?"
it is the truth, that she is getting stronger every day.
when i say that, you can believe that i am not deceiving you, can't you,dear?"
yes, of course, she was bound to believe it; but in some patients thefaculties seem strangely sharpened in convalescence, and despite hermother's assurance rhoda felt convinced that something was being keptback--that something had happened to evie which she was not to beallowed to know.
she asked no more questions, but with sharpened eyeswatched the faces of the visitors who were now allowed to see her, andfound in each the same shade of depression.
she was waiting for anopportunity, and it came at last on the first day when she was allowedto sit up, and miss bruce came in to pay her usual visit.
no one elsewas in the room, and rhoda looked up into the strong, grave face, andfelt her heart beat rapidly.
now was her opportunity!
miss bruce couldbe trusted to answer truthfully, however painful might be the news whichshe had to unfold; she was neither hard nor unsympathetic, but she hadthe courage of her convictions, and had faced too many disagreeableduties to understand the meaning of shirking.
rhoda clasped her handstightly together, swallowed nervously once or twice, and began--"miss bruce please--i want to ask you--mother won't tell me.
was it myfault that--evie was hurt?"
the principal's face hardened involuntarily.
"what do you think yourself, rhoda?
your companions, as you know, arenever ready to speak against a friend, but i have made the strictestenquiries into this sad affair, and i hear that the girls warned youthat you were attempting a dangerous feat, and implored you to waituntil miss everett returned.
you chose to disregard them, and to takeno thought of the risk to others, and--"rhoda turned, if possible, a shade paler than before.
she said slowly.
"i suppose it's no use saying that i neverthought i could hurt anyone but myself.
i _should_ have thought!
everyone who knows me, knows that i love evie, and would rather havebeen smashed to pieces than have harmed her in any way."
miss bruce sighed heavily, "that is quite true,nevertheless it seems to me a little inconsistent that you did not thinkmore of her feelings.
she was responsible for your safety, and you canhardly have believed that she would have allowed such a mad trick.
however, i don't wish to reproach you, for your punishment has beentaken out of my hands.
nothing that i could do or say could affect youhalf so much as the thought of the trouble which you have brought uponyour kind, good friend--"it was coming now; it was coming at last!
rhoda's heart gave a wild,fluttering leap; she looked up breathlessly into the unbending face.
"what is the trouble?
i thought she was like me--stunned and shaken.
inever heard--""no, it is not at all the same.
you had a slight concussion, from whichyou have now recovered.
her injury is much more lasting.
her rightknee-cap was broken, and the doctors fear it will never be quite rightagain.
she will probably be lame for life."
rhoda turned her head aside, and said no word, and miss bruce stoodlooking down at her in silence also.
the curly hair was fastened backby a ribbon tied in the nape of the neck, and the profile was stillvisible leaning against the pillows.
it was motionless, except for onetell-tale pulse above the ear which beat furiously up and down, up anddown, beneath the drawn skin.
the principal looked on that littlepulse, and laid her hand pitifully on the girl's head.
"i will leave you now, rhoda.
you would rather be alone.
i am trulysorry for you, but i am powerless to help.
one can only pray that somegood may come out of all this trouble."
she left the room, and rhoda was alone at last, to face the nightmarewhich had come into her life.
evie _lamed_, and by her doing!
evieinjured for life by one moment's thoughtlessness--rashness--call it_wickedness_ if you will--even then it seemed impossible that it shouldbe _allowed_ to have such lasting consequences!
one moment'sdisobedience, and then to suffer for it all her life!
to see evie--dear,sweet, graceful evie--limping about, crippled and helpless; to keep everin one's mind the memory of that last wild run--the last time evie wouldever run!
could retribution possibly have taken to itself a moretorturing form?
she had spoiled evie's life, and brought misery into ahappy home.
"i could have borne it if it had happened to myself," she gasped.
i must needs get well, and be strong, and rich, and healthy.
isuppose i shall laugh again some day, and forget, and be happy, whileevie--.
i am a cain upon earth, not fit to live!
i wish i could diethis minute, and not have a chance to do any more mischief."
but we cannot die just because we wish to escape the consequences of ourown misdoing; we are obliged to live, and face them day after day.
crises of suffering, moments of humiliation, stabbing returns of painjust when we are congratulating ourselves that the worst is over--theymust be lived through, and though we fly to the ends of the world theywill still follow in our wake.
one of the consequences which rhoda dreaded, and yet longed for incurious, contradictory fashion, was her first interview with evieherself.
what would she say?
what would she do?
would she be sweetand self-forgetful as of old, or full of bitter reproaches?
she couldgather no clue from her companions, and her first request to be allowedto visit the invalid in her room was vetoed on the ground that theexcitement would be bad for herself, and could do evie no good.
when,however, she was allowed to walk about, and even entertain hercompanions to tea, the first excuse could no longer be offered, and atlast, consent being given, she tapped tremblingly at the well-knowndoor.
nurse's voice bade her enter, and she walked forward with hereyes fixed on the bed on which evie lay.
her face was thin and drawn,and had lost its colour, yet it was none of these things which struck achill to rhoda's heart, but the expression in the eyes themselves--evie's sweet brown eyes, which of old had been alight with kindlyhumour.
they were blank eyes now, listless eyes, which stared andstared, yet seemed hardly to see that at which they gazed.
rhoda stoodbefore her for a full moment, before the light of recognition showed intheir depths, and even then it was a flicker more than a light, and diedout again with startling rapidity.
the girl stood trembling, the carefully rehearsed words fading away frommemory, for excuses and protestations seemed alike useless in thepresence of that despairing calm.
she looked pitifully into the setface, and faltered out:"evie, i've come...  i wanted to see you!
i have thought about youevery minute of the time...  i could not stay away--"no answer.
evie might not have heard her speak, for all signs ofemotion which appeared on her face.
rhoda waited another moment andthen with a catch in her voice asked another question:"is--is your knee very painful, evie?"
evie winced at that, and turning towards the other side of thebed, held out her hand appealingly towards the nurse, who took it in herown, and frowned a warning to the visitor.
"you had better go now, miss.
she isn't equal to much yet.
you havegot your way and seen her, so just give her a kiss, and go quietlyaway."
tears of disappointment rushed to rhoda's eyes, and as she stooped togive that farewell kiss the salt drops fell upon evie's cheeks, androused her momentarily from her lethargy.
she sighed softly.
"poor little rhoda!"
then her eyesclosed, and nurse took hold of the girl's arm and led her resolutelyaway.
"you look as if you were going to faint yourself, and i can't have twoof you on my hands," she said as soon as the corridor was reached, andthe door closed behind them.
"you'll just come back to your own room,my dear, and lie down on the bed."
you have been with her the whole time, and know how shefeels.
will she ever forgive me?
i never, never thought it would be sobad as this.
she would not speak to me, would not look at me even."
"she wasn't thinking of you at all, my dear, she was thinking of herknee.
that is all she can find time to think of just now.
the doctorskept it from her as long as they could, but she questioned them, andwould not be put off, so they had to tell her the truth.
she knows shewill be lame, and it has pretty well broken her heart.
it's the breadout of her mouth, poor lamb, and she knows it.
it will be many a longday before she is herself again."
and this was the end of rhoda's first meeting with laura everett afterher accident!
it was many days before rhoda saw miss everett again, but, if she wasnot admitted to the sick room, her mother was a frequent and welcomevisitor, and took entire charge of the invalid while the nurse fulfilledher ordinary duties.
there was little actual nursing to be done, butthe doctors were anxious to prevent solitary repinings, and to do whatwas possible to raise the spirits of their patient.
evie's own motherhad come down for a few days to satisfy herself concerning herdaughter's condition, but had been obliged to hurry back to thevicarage, where the invalid sister was growing worse rather than better,so that her presence could badly be spared.
she was a worn, fadededition of evie, and looked so typical of what the girl herself mightnow become that rhoda could not bear to look at her.
the two mothers,however, became great friends, for they met with a remembrance ofkindness on the one side, and an overwhelming sympathy on the other, andwere drawn together by hours of mutual anxiety.
in each case the worstdread was unfulfilled, but what remained to be borne required all thefortitude which they could summon.
the vicar's wife saw one of theprops of the home disabled for life, and mrs chester's kind heart waswrung with anguish at the thought that her child had been the cause ofso much suffering.
it seemed a strange dispensation of providence thatshe, the main object of whose life had been to help her fellow-creatures, should have this burden laid upon her; but she bore ituncomplainingly, striving to cheer the poor woman whose lot was so muchharder than her own.
before they parted she broached a scheme which she had been planning insecret, and, having received a willing consent, bided her opportunity tolay it before the invalid herself.
it came at last one chillyafternoon, when evie was laid on a sofa before the fire, as a sign thatconvalescence had really begun.
the knee was still bound up, as it wasnot proposed that she should attempt to walk until the journey home hadbeen accomplished, and it was on this subject that evie made her firstremark.
"i suppose," she began, looking at mrs chester with the brown eyeswhich had grown so pathetic in their gaze in the last few weeks, "isuppose i can travel now, as soon as it can be arranged.
i shall haveto be carried about at each of the changes, and it must be planned aheadin this busy season.
i must speak to miss bruce, and ask her what i hadbetter do."
mrs chester bent forward and poked the fire in a flurried, embarrassedmanner; she knitted her brows, and her rosy face grew a shade deeper incolour.
"er--yes," she assented vaguely.
"of course; but evie, dear, i havebeen waiting to talk to you about something which has been very much onmy mind lately.
we are leaving on thursday, rhoda and i, and are havinga through carriage and every possible appliance to make the journeyeasy, and i thought that it would be so much simpler for you, dear, totravel with us, and spend a few weeks at the chase before going home!"
evie smiled, with the languid courtesy with which an invalid listens toan impossible proposition.
"it is very kind of you," she said.
"some day i shall be glad to come,but not at present, thank you.
i am not well enough to pay visits."
"but my child, it would not be like an ordinary visit; you should doexactly as you would in your own home--stay in bed, or get up, as youpleased, and make out your own programme for the day.
you know me now,and can surely understand that you need feel no ceremony in coming to myhouse."
you have been so kind to me all this time, that i shouldbe ungrateful if i did not realise that.
i would rather be with youthan anyone else outside my own family, but--but--" the tears gatheredand rolled down the pale cheeks--"oh, surely you understand that justnow i want to be at home with my own mother and father!"
"yes, i do understand, poor dear; it would be unnatural if you feltanything else; but listen, evie, it is for your parents' sake, as wellas for your own, that i urge you to come.
you need constant care andnursing, and cheering up, and it would be very difficult for them tomanage all this just now.
your mother is overworked as it is, and hasalready one invalid on her hands; but if you come to us, the wholehousehold will be at your service.
my kind old mary shall be yournurse, and wait upon you hand and foot.
i will drive you about so thatyou can get the air without fatigue, and you shall have your couchcarried into the conservatory off the drawing-room, and lie there amongthe flowers which you love so much.
every comfort that money can buyshall be yours to help to make you strong again.
i say it in no spiritof boasting, dear, for we have been poor ourselves, and owe our richesto no merit of our own.
we look upon them as a trust from god, to beused for the good of others even more than ourselves, and surely no onehad ever a nearer, stronger claim--"her voice broke off tremblingly, and evie looked at her with a troubledglance.
"dear mrs chester, you are so good!
it all sounds most attractive andluxurious, and i am sure you would spoil me with kindness, but--would itnot be rather selfish?
you say mother is overworked, and that is quitetrue; but, all the same, she might feel hurt if i chose to go somewhereelse."
"now, i'll tell you all about it," cried mrs chester briskly, scentingvictory in the air, and beginning to smile again in her old cheeryfashion.
"your mother and i had a talk about it before she left.
shefelt grieved not to have you at home for christmas, but for your ownsake was most anxious that you should come to us.
she realised that itwould be better for you in every way, and the quickest means to the endwhich we all have in view, to make you well and strong again.
she leftit to me to make the suggestion, but you will find that she is quitewilling, even anxious--""yes," said evie, and lay silently gazing at the heart of the fire.
thedowncast face looked very fair and fragile, but for the moment the oldsweetness was wanting.
the lips were pressed together, the chin wasfixed and stubborn, outward signs of the mental fight which was going onbetween the impulse to give way, and a sore, sore feeling of injurywhich made it seem impossible to accept a favour from this quarter ofall others.
the elder woman saw these signs, and read their meaningwith painful accuracy, and the exclamation which burst from her lipsstartled the invalid by its intensity.
"oh, my lassie!"
"oh, my lassie, be generous!
you have beensorely tried, and our hearts are broken to think of your trouble, butdon't you see this is the only way in which it is left to us to help?
sympathy and regret are abstract things, and can do no real good, for,though they ease our minds, they leave you untouched.
my dear girl, canyou be generous enough to accept help from the hands that have injuredyou?
it's a hard thing to ask--i know it is; but i am an old woman, andi plead with you to give us this opportunity!
let me be a mother toyou, dear, and ease your recovery in every way that i can.
money hasgreat power, and one never realises it more than in time of sickness.
ican spare you many a pain and discomfort if you will give me theopportunity, and my poor girl is fretting herself thin by brooding overthe past--it would be new life to her to be allowed to wait upon you!
it's hard for you, dear, i know it's hard!
you would rather cutyourself adrift from us, and never see us again; but it is in your powerto return good for evil--to lighten our trouble as no one else could do.
will you come, evie?"
evie looked into the quivering face, and her eyes shone--then the kindarms opened wide and the brown head nestled down on the broad, motherlyshoulder.
there was no need for words, for the answer was given farmore eloquently in look and gesture.
"god bless you, my lassie!"
murmured mrs chester fondly, and they satin silence together, gazing into the fire.
a few tears rose in evie'seyes and ran silently down her cheeks, but they were happy tears, withwhich were wiped away all remains of bitterness.
there is no truer wayof forgiving our enemies than by consenting to be helped at their hands,and, if the effort be great, it brings with it an exceeding greatreward.
at the end of ten minutes evie raised her head from its restingplace and said, in her old, bright voice:"shall we ask rhoda to tea?
it is such a lovely fire, and you broughtin such a bountiful supply of cakes and good things that it seems greedyto keep them all to myself.
ask rhoda to come in and help to make acosy little party."
then, as mrs chester stooped to kiss her cheek, she whispered hastily,"tell her not to mention the past--never to mention it again!
we willturn over a new leaf to-day and think only of the future."
the morning of the day dawned on which the invalids were to travel toerley chase, and rhoda lay awake upon her bed, listening to the echo ofthe girls' voices as they sang the morning hymn in the hall below.
herheart was softened with a feeling at once of thankfulness and dread--thankfulness that evie's life had been spared, and her friendshiprenewed, and dread because, she dimly realised, this was the last of thedear school days as they had been.
even if she returned after theholidays, which seemed doubtful, it would be a changed house indeed,with the older girls scattered all over the country, and evie no longerat hand to soothe and lighten every trouble.
her thoughts went back toher first coming to hurst manor eighteen months before, and dwelt sadlyon her own ambitious hopes.
it had all seemed so easy, so certain; shehad planned her career with such happy assurance, with never a thoughtbut that success and distinction lay waiting for her grasp; and it hadall ended in this--that she was returning home, enfeebled in health,foiled in ambition, with the bitter weight on her conscience that herself-will had inflicted a life-long injury on the kindest of friends.
"i have failed!"
sighed rhoda humbly to herself.
i nevermeant to do wrong.
i intended only to work hard and get on.
surely,surely, there was nothing wicked in that?
it can't be possible to betoo industrious, and yet evie evidently thought something was wrong, andthe vicar...  what can it have been?
i wish, i wish i knew!
i'm tiredof going my own way, for it leads to nothing but misery anddisappointment.
i should like to find out the secret of being happy andcontented like other people."
her eyes filled with tears, those blueeyes which had been so full of confidence, and she clasped her fingersupon the counterpane.
the roll of the organ sounded through the house,and the girls' clear voices singing a familiar tune.
she listenedunthinkingly, until suddenly one verse struck sharply on her ear, andstartled her into vivid attention:--  "the trivial round, the common task, will furnish all we ought to ask;  room to deny ourselves, a road to bring us daily nearer god."
she had heard those words a hundred times before, had repeated them ather mother's knee, had sung them in church, not once, but many times,yet it seemed that until that moment no conception of their meaning hadpenetrated to her brain.
what was it, which was all we ought to ask?
"_room to deny ourselves_!"
--to put ourselves last--to be careless ofour own position?
and this path of self-denial was the road that led togod himself?
was this what evie had meant when she spoke of the secretwhich each one must find out for herself?
was this the explanation ofthe contentment which the vicar had found in his ill-paying parish?
"_room to deny oneself_!"
oh, but this had been far, far from her ownambitions.
she had asked for room to distinguish herself, to shineamong her fellows, to be first and foremost, praised and applauded.
herown advancement had been the one absorbing aim in life, and to gratifyit she had been willing to see others fail, and to congratulate herselfin the face of their distress.
never once in all the miseries ofdisappointment which she had undergone had it occurred to her that theexplanation of her difficulties lay in the _motive_ underlying herefforts--the point of view from which she had started.
other girls hadworked as hard as herself, but with some definite and worthy aim, suchas to help their parents, or to fit themselves for work in life.
rhodawas honest, even when honesty was to her own hurt, and she acknowledgedit had been far otherwise in her case when she had failed in herexamination, it had not been deficiency in knowledge which she haddeplored, but the certificate, the star to her name, the outward andvisible signs of success.
when she realised the hopelessness of seeingher name on the record wall, loss of honour and glory had been herregret, not sorrow for the thought that she had passed through schooland failed to leave behind a tradition of well-doing whereby futurescholars might be strengthened and encouraged!
rhoda hid her face in the pillow and lay still, communing with her ownheart.
how bitter they are, these moments of self-revelation!
howmysterious is the way in which the veil seems suddenly to lift and showus the true figure, instead of the mythical vision which we havecherished in our thoughts!
they come suddenly at the most unexpectedmoments, roused by apparently the most trivial of causes, so that thefriend by our side has no idea of the crisis through which we arepassing.
rhoda chester never forgot that last morning at school; she could neverhear that hymn sung without a thrill of painful remembrance.
when theyears had passed and she had daughters of her own, the sound of thefamiliar words would still bring a flush to her cheeks, but no humanfriend ever knew all that it meant to her.
rhoda learnt her lesson nonethe less surely for keeping silence concerning it.
a few hours later the travellers were ready to depart, and evie wascarried down the staircase into the hall.
mrs chester had promised that everything that wealth could secureshould be done for the comfort of her guest, and royally did she keepher promise.
if she had been a princess of the blood, evie declared shecould not have had a more luxuriously comfortable journey.
an ambulancedrove up to the door to convey the little party to the station, andinside sat a surgical nurse, ready to give her skilled attention to anyneed that might arise.
the girls flocked in hall and doorway to wavefarewells, edging to the front to cry "come back soon!"
in confidenttreble, and then retiring to the background to gulp back the tears whichrose at the sight of the thin little face, which told such a patheticstory of suffering.
not a single tear did evie see, however, nor anyface that was not wreathed in smiles, and when the strains of "for she'sa jolly good fellow" followed the ambulance down the drive, she laughedmerrily, and waved her handkerchief out of the window, never suspectingwith what swelling throats many of the singers joined in the strain.
rhoda laughed too, but she did not wave her handkerchief.
curiouslyenough, it never occurred to her to think that she herself was includedin that farewell demonstration, or to resent the apparent indifferencewith which she had been allowed to depart.
her own special friends hadembraced her warmly enough, but even they had given the lion's share ofattention to evie, while the majority of the girls had no eyes norattention for anyone else.
the rhoda of six months or a year ago wouldhave bitterly resented such a slight, but to-day she found no reason toblame others for following her own example.
evie was the supreme consideration, and the girl was so entirelyabsorbed in looking after her comfort that she had forgotten all abouther own poor little importance.
love is the gentlest as well as thecleverest of schoolmasters, and teaches his lessons so subtly that weare unconscious of our progress, until, lo!
the hill difficulty isovercome, and we find ourselves erect on the wide, breezy plain.
at the station a saloon carriage was waiting labelled "engaged," insidewhich were all manner of provisions for the comfort of the journey.
hot-water bottles, cushions, rugs, piles of papers and magazines, and ahamper of dainty eatables from the chase evie was wrapped in mrschester's sable cloak and banked up with cushions by the window, so thatshe might look out and be amused by the sight of the christmas trafficat the various stations.
she stared about her with the enjoyment of aconvalescent who has had more than enough of her own society, and thelingerers on the platform stared back at the pretty, fragile-lookinginvalid who was travelling in such pomp and circumstance.
"they think i am a princess!"
"i _hope_ they think i am aprincess!"
and she laid her little head against the cushions, andsniffed at a big silver-mounted bottle of smelling salts with an air oflanguid complacency which vastly amused her companions.
presently nurselighted an etna and warmed some cups of soup, while one good thing afteranother came out of the hamper to add to the feast; then followed astoppage, with the arrival of obsequious porters with fresh foot-warmers; then, dusk closing in over the wintry landscape, the lightingof electric lamps, and the refreshing cup of tea.
it was evie's firstexperience of luxurious travelling, and she told herself with a sighthat it was very, very comfortable.
much more comfortable thanshivering in a draughty third class carriage, and changing three timesover to wait in still more draughty stations!
with the arrival at erley chase came more pleasant surprises, for shewas not carried upstairs, but into a room on the ground floor, which wasordinarily used as mrs chester's boudoir, and had been transformed intothe most cheerful and delightful of bedrooms.
there was really littleto distinguish it from a sitting-room, except the bed with its silkencover, and even this was hidden behind a screen in the daytime.
a couchwas drawn up before the fire, and over it lay the daintiest pink silkdressing-gown that was ever seen, with the warmest of linings inside,and trimmed without with a profusion of those airy frills and laces dearto the feminine heart.
gasped evie, staring at its splendour with big, astonishedeyes.
a glow of colour came into her cheeks as she turned it over andover to inspect its intricacies.
"i should think i _would_ come in todinner just, with such a gown to wear!"
she cried laughingly.
"i amlonging to put it on and see what it feels like to be a fashionablelady."
she would not acknowledge that she was tired, but even after an hour'ssleep she still looked so fragile that the two members of the householdwho had not seen her before were deeply impressed with the change whichhad taken place since their last meeting.
very charming did she lookwhen the sofa was wheeled into the dining-room, and she lay in herpretty pink fineries the centre of attraction and attention; but theflush of excitement soon faded, and the dark eyes looked pathetic inspite of their smiles.
rhoda watched the faces of father and mother,and her heart sank as she saw the elder man knit his brow, and theyounger look away quickly and bite his lip under his moustache as if thesight were too painful to be endured.
beyond a few loving words atgreeting, neither had manifested any concern about herself, and onceagain she had not noticed the omission.
"i've had such a happy day.
i feel like a princess--such a spoiledprincess!"
said evie, when she went to bed that night; but there weresad days in store for the poor little princess from which all the careand love of her friends could not save her.
when the decree went forth that she should make her first attempt towalk, rhoda clapped her hands with joy, and could not understand thereason of the quick, grave glance which the nurse cast upon her.
sheand her mother had decided that the attempt must be made in the drawing-room after tea, and nurse made no objection, hoping, perhaps, that thepresence of onlookers would give her patient extra strength for theordeal.
she knew what it meant if the others did not; but, alas!
theyall learned soon enough, as, at the first slight movement, evie's whiteface turned grey, and she groaned in mingled anguish and dismay.
she cried; "oh, i can't!
it is like knives going through me!
i can't move!"
"ah, but you must, my dear.
it has to be done; and the braver you are,the sooner it will be over.
you are bound to suffer the first fewtimes, but it would be ten times worse to allow the joint to stiffen.
now be brave, and try to take just two steps with me!
i will supportyou on one side, and--" nurse looked round questioningly--"mr haroldwill take the other.
you can lean all your weight on us.
we won't letyou fall."
harold stepped forward without a word and put his strong arm under hers,and, as he did so, evie raised her eyes to his with a look which thosewho saw it never forgot--a look such as might have been given by ananimal caught in a snare from which it was powerless to escape.
rhodatold herself savagely that harold was a brute to persist in the face ofthat dumb appeal, but he did not quail even when the sob rose to a cry,and a trembling plea for mercy.
the two steps were taken, andhenceforth, for weeks to come, the nightmare of repeated effort weighedupon the spirits of the household.
at eleven o'clock, after tea, afterdinner--three times a day--was the inexorable programme repeated, inspite of prayers and protestations.
mrs chester's theory was that itwas brutal to torture the child, and that if she were to be lame, forpity's sake let her be lame in peace.
rhoda suffered agonies of remorseand passionate revolts against the mystery of pain, but the nurse andher assistant never showed a sign of wavering.
as a rule, evie made agallant attempt to control her sufferings, but there were occasions wheneven her fortitude gave was, as, on one afternoon, when, after taking acertain number of steps, she was informed that still more must beattempted.
she was powerless in the hands that held her, but when shecollapsed into helpless sobbings on the sofa, rhoda turned on herbrother with furious indignation:"you are a _brute_, harold!
you have no heart!
how dare you do it--how_dare_ you make her suffer so!"
he did not answer, but turned his head aside, and stared steadily out ofthe window.
rhoda glared at him with smarting eyes, and suddenly sawsomething which put a check on her excitement.
harold's profile wasturned toward her, and the light showed great drops of moisture standingupon the brow, and rolling slowly down the cheek.
she realised, with apang, that once again she had been too quick in her judgment.
in spiteof his firmness, harold had suffered more than she, more than hermother--ay, perhaps, more than evie herself!
despite the painful incidents of evie's convalescence, christmas was ahappy season at erley chase, for it had always been a tradition of thehousehold to make much of this festival, and mrs chester could notbring herself to change her habits as the years advanced.
every twenty-sixth of december mr chester would say solemnly, "this is the lasttime!
i cannot let you wear yourself out like this.
when christmascards have to be sent off by the hundred, and presents by the score, itis time to call a halt, for what has been a pleasure becomes a burden.
next year you drop these outside people, and think only of our immediatecircle," and mrs chester would murmur meekly, "yes, dear; of course.
just as you wish," and begin laying in stores for next christmas at herfirst visit to the january sales.
there was a cupboard in one of thespare rooms which was dedicated entirely to the keeping of presents, andinto it went all manner of nick-nacks which were picked up during theyear--bazaar gleanings, in the shape of cushions, cosies, and table-cloths, relics of travel, and a hundred and one articles useful andornamental, which had been bought because they were so cheap, and itreally seemed wicked to leave them lying on the shop counter!
when aneed arose, as when a birthday was suddenly remembered the day before itfell due, or an anniversary suggested the propriety of a littleoffering, it was the easiest thing in the world to poke about in thecupboard until a suitable gift was discovered.
laura everett was much amused by this novel way of apportioningpresents, which was so strangely different from that practised at herown home.
when she was wheeled into the morning-room a few days beforechristmas, it was to find a small bazaar of fancy articles spread ontables and sofas, while mrs chester sat checking off the names writtenon a long sheet of paper, and rhoda cried out: "here's a yellow silkcushion.
whom do we know who has got a complexion that can bear beingset off against a background of sulphur yellow?"
...  "here's a gorgeoustable centre, quite beautifully worked.
whom do we know who is old-fashioned enough to use table centres still?"
...  "here's a piece ofturkish embroidery, which would be the very thing to cover that shabbyold sofa at the vicarage; it was absolutely in holes the last time i sawit."
"turkish embroidery--mrs mason.
thank goodness, that's one thingsettled!
wrap it up at once, rhoda dear.
it will be one thing less todo," cried mrs chester in a tone of relief, while evie held up herhands in astonishment.
"of all the extraordinary ways of giving presents!
to have a room fullof things and then to puzzle as to whom you can give them!
this isindeed a new experience for me.
when we talk over our presents at homeit is to wonder how in the world we can contrive to buy twenty thingsfor nineteen shillings.
such a wholesale way of managing things i neverimagined in my wildest moments."
she gave a little sigh of envy as she looked at the lavish profusionwhich lay around; yet, after all, there was a pleasure in contrivingthose simple gifts--in putting in delicate stitches to add to the valueof cheap materials, a triumph in manufacturing something out of nothing,which rhoda and her mother could never enjoy!
she was not at all surethat that old home fashion was not the sweeter after all.
while the apportioning of gifts was going on in the morning-room, thecook and her kitchen maids were busy at work in the great naggedkitchen, manufacturing all sorts of dainties to be packed away in thehampers ranged in readiness along the walls.
it was a sight to see thegood things laid out on the tables, and evie was carried down on herchair to admire and praise with the rest, and to watch the interestingprocess of packing.
far and wide these hampers went, carrying goodcheer into many a home where otherwise there would have been scantyprovisions for the day of rejoicing, and bringing unexpected gleams ofsunshine to many an anxious heart.
needless to say, one of the best wasaddressed to a country parsonage especially dear to evie's heart, andwas accompanied by a parcel of presents, which had not been lightlybought, but worked by loving fingers during long hours of convalescence.
christmas day itself was a busy occasion, when the home party had littleleisure to think of themselves, so unending was the stream of pensionerswhich came up to the chase to receive their gifts, and to be fed andwarmed in the gaily-decorated rooms.
dinner was served early, so thatthe servants might be free to have their festivities in the evening, andat nine o'clock all the employees on the estate came up, dressed intheir best, and danced with the servants in the hall.
mr and mrschester, with harold and rhoda, honoured the assembly by joining in thefirst dance, and evie sat in her wheeled chair, looking on and trying tokeep a smiling face, the while she fought one of the mental battleswhich seemed to meet her on every step of the road to recovery.
she hadbeen so much occupied grieving over the serious financial loss which herinability to work would involve, that she had taken little thought ofthe pleasures from which she was debarred; but, after all, she was but agirl, and a girl with a keen capacity for enjoyment, and it was a verykeen pang which went through her heart as she listened to the seductivestrains of the band, and watched the couples glide slowly by.
the darkbrows twitched as if in pain, and she drew aside the folds of the pinktea-gown to cast a longing glance at the little useless feet stretchedbefore her.
a sudden remembrance arose of the day when rhoda protestedin dismay at the thought of wearing the ugly regulation school shoes,and of her own confession of love for pretty slippers, of thesatisfaction with which she had donned the same on thursday evenings,and danced about the hall as blithely as any one of her pupils.
thosedays were over--for ever over; she would never again know the joy of anyrapid, exhilarating motion.
she lifted her hand to wipe away a tear,hoping to escape observation the while, but, to her dismay, harold stoodby her side, and his eyes met hers with an expression of painedunderstanding.
any reference to her infirmity seemed to distress him soacutely that the first instinct was to comfort him instead of herself,and she smiled through her tears, saying in the sweetest tones of heralways sweet voice:"don't, please!
don't look so sorry!
it was babyish of me, but justfor one moment--i was so fond of dancing, you know, and i had neverrealised before--""just so.
you realise fresh losses every day.
i know what you mustfeel.
you have not been babyish at all, but most brave and heroic."
"it's nice to be praised, but i feel as if i don't deserveit.
i am not in the least brave at heart...  sometimes i almost dreadgetting strong, for then i shall have to face so much...  i'm conceited,too, for i hate the idea of limping, and being stiff and ungraceful.
ithought i did not care for appearance, but i did--oh, a great deal!
itis a humiliating discovery, and i am trying hard to cure myself, butpride dies slowly!
there was a girl at school who was lame.
i used tobe so sorry for her, and yet, compared with other misfortunes, it is avery little thing.
i can still move about and use my faculties.
it isnot so bad, after all!"
"yes," said harold, unexpectedly.
"it _is_ very bad.
it is a mistaketo pretend to yourself that it is only a small trial, for it's not true,and the pretence is sure to break down some day, and leave you where youwere.
it is a great affliction for people to be crippled, even whenthey are old and have lost their energy; but for a girl like you it isten times worse.
don't be too hard on yourself, and expect resignationto come all at once.
i believe the best plan is to face it fully, andto say to yourself, `it's a big test--one of the biggest i could have tobear.
i shall feel the pinch not to-day only, but to-morrow, and thenext year, and as long as i live.
it is going to take a big effort tosave myself from growing bitter and discouraged, but it's worthfighting, for my whole life hangs on the result.
if i can succeed--if ican rise above infirmity, and keep a bright, uncomplaining spirit'--"he broke off suddenly, and evie breathed a quick "yes, yes, i know!
ifeel that too.
thank you so much.
it is good to talk to someone whounderstands.
it helps me on."
"don't thank me.
it is like my presumption to venture to preach to you.
but you have helped me so much that when i saw you in trouble i couldnot be silent.
i was obliged to do what i could."
"i--i have helped you?"
repeated evie, blankly; and a flush of colourrose in her pale cheeks, which made her look for one moment the happy,blooming girl of old.
"in what way have i ever helped you, or beenanything but an anxiety and care?"
but harold did not answer, and that was the last chance of a _tete-a-tete_ conversation that evening, for presently she was carried off toher own room, and helped into bed, where she lay awake for a long, longtime, staring before her in the twilight, and recalling the lessons ofconsolation to which she had just listened.
it must surely have beenwonderfully wise, wonderfully true, since it did not so much comfort, asdo away with the very necessity for comfort!
she could not deludeherself that she felt sad or despondent, or anything but mysteriouslyhappy and at rest, as she lay smiling softly to herself in theflickering firelight.
two days later came a delightful surprise.
evie and her late pupil weresitting in the morning-room writing letters of thanks to the many donorsof christmas presents, when the door opened and shut, and someone walkedinto the room.
it was such an ordinary, matter-of-fact entrance thatneither of the writers troubled to look up, taking it for granted thatthe new-comer was mrs chester, who had left the room but a few minutesbefore.
two minutes later, however, evie finished her sheet and liftedher eyes to make a casual remark, when she promptly fell back in herchair with a shriek, and a hand pressed over her heart.
rhoda jumped upin alarm, and then--was it a dream, or did a well-known figure reallylean up against the mantelpiece, in familiar, gentlemanly attitude, aroguish smile curling the lips, and little eyes alight with mischief?
oh, tom, you angel!
where in the world have you come from?"
cried rhoda, rushing forward with outstretched arms, in a very whirlwindof welcome.
"how perfectly delicious to see you again, and what aterrific start you gave me!"
"oh, what a surprise!"
chanted tom easily, rubbing her cheeks as if towipe away the kisses pressed upon it, and advancing to greet evie with anonchalance which for once was a trifle overdone, though neither of herfriends was in the least danger of mistaking her real feelings.
"thesame to you, and many of them," she continued, sitting down withoutwaiting for an invitation, and smiling round in genial fashion.
"itreally was as good as a play, standing there, and watching you twoscribbling away with faces as solemn as judges--and what a squeal eviegave!
it made me jump in my skin!
yes; i'm visiting my femalerelative, and determined to pay you a visit even if it were only for anhour.
it can't be much longer, for we have a tea fight on thisafternoon, when every spinster in the neighbourhood is coming to stareat me and deliver her views on higher education.
such a lark!
some ofthem strongly approve, and others object, and i agree with each in turn,until the poor dears are so bamboozled they don't know what to do.
theythink i am an amiably-disposed young person, but defective in brains,and poor aunt jim gets quite low in her mind, for she wants me toimpress them, and branch off into latin and greek as if they came morenaturally to me than english.
i wish they did!
it takes the conceitout of one to go up to college and compete with women instead of girls."
"don't you like it, tom?
are you happy?
didn't you miss the manor, andfeel home-sick for the girls and the old school parlour?"
queried rhodaeagerly, and tom screwed up her face in meaning fashion.
"should have done, if i had not kept a tight hand; but you know myprinciple--never to worry over what can't be cured!
plenty to botheroneself about, without that.
i thought of you all a great deal, andrealised that i'd been even happier than i knew, and that i dislikedtaking a bottom place so abominably that it was plainly the best thingfor me to do.
i love power!"
sighed tom, wagging her head in sorrowfulconfession, "and that's just what i see no chance of getting again for aprecious long time to come.
i haven't much time to grieve, however, formy poor little nose is fairly worn away, it's kept so near to thegrindstone."
"you look thinner," said rhoda, truthfully enough.
"poor old tom, youmustn't let them wear you out.
we will take care of you, at least, soi'll go and order lunch earlier than usual, if you really must be off sosoon.
the three o'clock train, i suppose?"
don't worry about anything special for me.
half a dozencutlets or a few pounds of steak is all i could eat, i assure you!"
saidtom modestly, and rhoda went laughing out of the room, leaving her twofriends gazing at one another in an embarrassed silence.
no reference had so far been made to the accident which was the cause ofevie's presence at the chase, but it was impossible that the visitshould end in silence, and both instinctively felt that rhoda's absencegave the best opportunity for what must be said.
the colour came intoevie's face as she nerved herself to open the painful subject.
"you know, of course, tom, that i am not going back to hurst.
missbruce has been most kind, but she must consider the good of the greaternumber, and this accident has shown more plainly than ever the necessityof having a house-mistress who can job in the games with the girls.
ishall never be any good for a large school again, for, even apart fromthe games, the long stairs and corridors would be too trying.
so yousee my career is cut off suddenly."
"yes, i see; i thought of that.
it's very interesting!"
said tom in adreamy voice, which brought a flush of indignation into evie's eyes.
"is _that_ what you call it?
it's not theword i should have used, or have expected from you, tom, or from any ofmy friends."
perhaps not, but it _is_ interesting all the same, for one is socurious to see what will happen next.
when you have planned out yourlife, and fitted in everything towards one end, and then suddenly, by nofault of your own, that end is made impossible--why, if you believe in apurpose in things, what could be more interesting and exciting?
what_is_ to happen next?
what is one to do?
it is like reading a story inparts, and breaking off just at the critical crisis.
i should like toturn over the pages, evie, and see what is going to happen to you!"
evie smiled faintly.
"would you, tom?
i am afraid i have been hiding my head like anostrich, and trying not to look forward, but your view is the healthier,and i'll try to adopt it.
i don't give up all idea of teaching, thoughbig schools are impossible.
perhaps they would take me at some small,old-fashioned seminary where sports are considered unladylike, and thepupils take their exercise in a crocodile up and down the parade."
said tom, with a grimace which twisted every feature out ofrecognition.
"no, surely, evie, you will never condescend to that!
youlie low for a bit and get strong, and keep up your classics, and i'llsee if i can't find you some coaching to do among the girls i meet.
ifyou could get along that way for a few years it would be all right, fori shall be settled by that time and able to look after you.
you shallbe my secretary, dear, and have a jolly little den to yourself, where ican take refuge when the girls get too much for me.
we could be veryhappy together, you and i, couldn't we, and grow into two nice,contented old maids, with too much to do to have time to envy ourneighbours?"
she fixed her bright little eyes on evie's face as she asked thequestion, and to her horror and dismay evie felt the colour rush to hercheeks and mount higher and higher in a crimson tide which refused to berestrained by the most desperate mental efforts.
how idiotic to blushat nothing--how senseless, how humiliating, and how quite too ridiculousof tom to turn aside and stare at the opposite side of the room in thatostentatious manner!
evie felt inclined to shake her, but at thatopportune moment rhoda returned, and during the remainder of tom's visitthere was no opportunity for private confidences.
once more rhoda accompanied her friend to the station, and waitedanxiously for the word which would surely be said concerning theescapade which had cost so dear, but, like evie, she was obliged tointroduce the subject herself.
"have you nothing to say to me, tom?"
she asked wistfully.
"i haven'tseen you since--you know when--but, of course, you heard how ithappened.
it was all my fault.
what are you going to say to me aboutit?"
"why, nothing, fuzz!"
said tom, turning her little eyes upon thequivering face with a tenderness of expression which would have been arevelation to casual acquaintances who believed miss bolderstonincapable of the softer emotions.
"why should i?
you have said it allto yourself a hundred times better than i could have done, and who am ithat i should make myself a ruler or a judge over you?"
"but she is lame, you know!"
said rhoda, sadly.
"nurse says the knee isstronger than she expected, but even so she will always limp.
she was such a graceful little thing, and tripped aboutso lightly, and she was so proud of her little feet--i have spoiled herfuture too, for she can never take such a good post again.
i haveruined her whole life."
"we will discuss that point ten years later; it is too early to decideit yet.
many things happen that we do not expect," remarked tom sagely,whereat rhoda shook her head in hopeless fashion.
"i cannot imagine anything happening that would make this any better--onthe contrary, tom, it has made me realise how little help one can give,and what a fraud money is when it comes to the test.
i used to imaginethat i could do pretty nearly everything i wanted because i was rich,but look at evie!
i would give my life to help her, but beyond a fewtrumpery presents, and a little lightening of pain, what can i do?
shewould not accept more, and one dare not offer it, though if she wouldallow it we would be thankful to pension her off for life.
money can'tdo everything i see!"
"that's a good thing!
let's be thankful for that, at least.
it's worthsomething to have learned that lesson," cried tom cheerily, and for therest of the way to the station she talked resolutely on indifferentsubjects, refusing to be drawn back to the one sad topic.
only when thelast good-bye was said did she soften into tenderness, actually allowingherself to be kissed without protest, and saying hurriedly in a low,half-shamed voice:"good-bye, fuzzy.
never say die.
sometimes, you know, ittakes a big thing to open one's eyes.
keep straight ahead from whereyou are now, and you'll have no more tumbles."
then the train moved offand rhoda lost the last glimpse of her friend in a mist of tears.
dear, blunt, kindly, honest tom; what a strength she had been toall who knew her--what a strength she was going to be to generations ofgirls to come!
rhoda looked forward into the future and prophesied toherself that she would know no prouder boast than that she had been oneof tom bolderston's girls, and had been brought up under her rule!
that evening the occupants of the drawing-room looked up in amaze as arustle of silken garments struck their ears, and a stately young ladycame forward with a fan waving in one hand, and masses of ruddy hairpiled high upon her head.
rhoda, of course; and yet, could it be rhoda?
for with the short skirts and flowing mane the last traces of childhoodhad disappeared, and the woman of the future seemed already to standbefore them.
mr chester gave a quick exclamation, and rhoda turned tohim and swept a stately curtsey.
"at your service, sir.
i thought you might like to see your grown-updaughter.
my new dress came home to-day, and i looked so fine in itthat i was obliged to do up my hair to be in keeping.
and i went tomother's room and stole her pearls and took her very best fan.
whengirls come out they always help themselves to their parents' fineries,so i thought i had better begin at once.
do you like me, dear?"
she looked up at him, half shy, half laughing, and there was silence inthe room while each of the onlookers felt a thrill of unexpectedemotion.
it was like looking on at the turning point in a life, and thegirl was so beautiful in her fresh young bloom that it was impossible tobehold her unmoved.
the coiled-up hair showed the graceful poise of herhead, the shoulders were smooth and white as satin, the blue eyes hadlost their hard self-confidence, and shone sweet and true.
rhodawas going to be a beautiful woman; she was one already, as her fatherrealised, with a natural pang of regret mingling with his pride.
hiseye softened as he laid his hand on her shoulder.
"yes, my daughter, you are grown-up indeed!
i never realised it before.
you had better prepare for the duties of chaperon, mother, for iforesee that this young lady will keep us busy.
we shall have to takeher about, and entertain her friends, and yawn in the corners while theydance half through the night.
that's it, isn't it, rhoda?"
rhoda looked at him with a start of surprise.
by tacit agreementnothing had yet been said of future arrangements, so that this was thefirst definite hint which she had received of her parents' intention.
her voice was half regretful, half relieved, as she said:"then i am not to go back to school, father?
you have decided that itis better not?"
mr chester put his hands on her arms and looked at her fondly, aremembrance rising in his mind as he did so of that other eveningeighteen months ago, when the prospect of school had been proposed, andthe girl had taken up the question and settled it out of hand, inarrogant, youthful fashion.
it was a very different tone in which thepresent question was asked, and he was quick to note the difference.
"what do you say, mother?
she doesn't look very much like a school-girlto-night, does she?
no, rhoda, i think those days are ended.
you havehad a year and a half at school, and it has been a valuable experiencefor you in many ways, but both your nerves and ours have beenoverstrained lately, and we will not risk any more separations, but trywhat travel will do to complete your education.
it has always been mydream to go abroad for a year when you were able to come with us, andnow that time has arrived.
we will plan out a tour that shall be bothpleasant and educational, and enlarge our minds by learning somethingabout other countries besides our own."
"rome for easter, the italian lakes and switzerland in summer, theriviera and egypt in winter--oh, father, how lovely!
_how_ i shallenjoy it!
how happy we shall be travelling about all together!
i couldnot have told you what i wanted, but this is the very thing of allothers i should most enjoy.
and mother will like it too?
it will nottire you, will it, dear, or worry you to be away from home?"
"my home is where you are.
i shall be perfectly happy, dear, so long aswe are together," said the mother, who had never been known to opposeher own wishes to those of her family; and in this easy fashion thematter was settled.
one moment the project was mooted, the next datesand routes were being eagerly discussed, and the question of wardrobebeing taken into account.
presently mr chester must needs consult theatlas which was in constant reference in every conversation, and awaywent the three in happy conclave to turn over the leaves on the librarytable, while evie was left to look after them with wistful eyes, andharold to study her face in his turn.
she turned to find his eyes fixedupon her, and struggled hard to speak brightly.
"they all seem so happy--it is good to see them; and how pretty rhodalooks to-night!
it is so interesting to see the girls grow up, and comeout as full-fledged young ladies.
i've seen two transformations to-day--rhoda and tom!"
would you call her a transformation?"
queried harold, raising his eyebrows with an expression which said allthat he dare not put into words.
"if that is a transformation, one istempted to wonder what she was like before--""don't!"
evie looked at him pleadingly.
"don't make fun of her,please, because we love her so dearly.
men don't appreciate tom, andshe doesn't show her best side to them, but she is a splendid girl, andthe truest of friends.
she was so kind to me to-day."
"you were talking to her about your work, and worrying because you couldnot go back at once!"
said harold shrewdly, and evie looked at him underraised, apologetic eyebrows, quite overcome at being read in so easy afashion.
"well--just a little!
i said that i could not go back to hurst, as ishould not be able to take part in games again--""and she sympathised with you, and agreed that it was a desperate lot?"
you don't know tom!
she is far too much of an optimist tosee the black side.
she only said she was interested to see what wouldhappen next, and that it was like being stopped suddenly in the middleof a story.
i thought it was a very cheerful way of looking at it."
she paused, not caring, for some indefinite reason, to say anything ofthat later proposition, in the carrying out of which she and tom were togrow old side by side; but the idea lay on her mind, and presently sheadded dreamily, "but, even if i _am_ lame, my mind is not affected.
ican teach just as well as ever.
there must be an opening for mesomewhere.
there are plenty of small schools where they don't go in forsports, plenty of girls who have to be educated at home--delicate girls,backward girls, girls who are, perhaps, like myself!
i could teach themstill if they would let me try--"it was a very sweet little voice, and the quiver with which it broke offsounded strangely pathetic in the silence.
harold did not speak, andhis head was bent forward so that evie could not see his face.
hishands were clasped and pressed so tightly together that the musclesstood out under the skin, but presently one of them was stretchedforward and laid pleadingly over her own.
"dearest and sweetest," said harold softly; "teach me instead!"
when rhoda came rushing into the room ten minutes later it was to findher brother seated by evie on the sofa, and to meet two pairs of eyeswhich tried vainly to look calm and composed, but which were in realityso brimming over with happiness that the news was told without need of asingle word.
she cried, stopping short and staring in astonishment.
and then evie struggled to her feet and held out wide, welcoming arms.
"oh, rhoda, i am never going to be unhappy any more.
harold won't letme.
he is going to help me all my life!"
"she is going to help _me_!"
corrected harold firmly.
"i'm the happiestfellow in the world, rhoda, and you must be happy too.
come and kissyour new sister."
rhoda gave a little sob of joy, and flew into evie's arms.
"my own sister!
and i can take care of you always.
i shall have aright, and you will not have to worry any more, or be anxious, ortroubled.
evie, evie, you can forgive me now, you can feel that i havenot spoiled your life!
you will be happy even if you are lame!"
"yes, she will be happy--she has found a good man to take care of her!"
said mrs chester, coming forward from the background, and taking evieinto a warm embrace.
"my dear child, i thought, i hoped, it might cometo this!
once upon a time i was afraid i might be jealous of harold'swife, but not you, dear, not you!
that would be impossible.
we owe youtoo much.
you are welcome--a thousand times welcome!
i am a rich womanindeed, for i have two beautiful daughters instead of one!"
evie dropped her head on the broad, motherly shoulder and shed a tear ofpure happiness and thankfulness.
"tom was right!"
she said to herself softly.
"tom was right--it was tooearly to judge!
good has come out of evil!"
