there were six of them altogether--six great big girls,--and they livedin a great big house, in the middle of a long high road, one end ofwhich loses itself in london town, while the other goes stretching awayover the county of hertford.
years ago, john gilpin had ridden hisfamous race down that very road, and christabel loved to look out of herbedroom window and imagine that she saw him flying along, with his poorbald head bared to the _breeze_, and the bottles swinging on eitherside.
she had cut a picture of him out of a book and tacked it on herwall, for, as she explained to agatha, her special sister, she felt it aduty to support "local talent," and, so far as she could discover,gilpin was the only celebrity who had ever patronised the neighbourhood.
christabel was the youngest of the family--a position which, as everyone knows, is only second in importance to that of the eldest, and, inthis instance, maud was so sweet and unassuming that the haughty youngperson of fourteen ruled her with a rod of iron.
fair-haired lilias was a full-fledged young lady, and nan had had allher dresses let down, and was supposed to have her hair up; but as amatter of fact it was more often down than not, for it was heavy andplentiful, and nan's ten thumbs could by no chance fasten it securely.
hair-pins littered the schoolroom floor, hair-pins stood outaggressively against the white paint on the stairs, hair-pins nestled inthe little creases of velvet chairs: there were hair-pins, hair-pinseverywhere, except just where they should have been--on nan's dressing-table; and here there was such a dearth of these useful articles, thaton one memorable occasion she had been compelled to effect a coiffurewith the aid of a piece of string and a broken comb.
the effect wasstriking for a good ten minutes, and then came the inevitable collapse;but, "dear me," as nan observed, "accidents will happen, and what is theuse of making a fuss about a thing like that, when the world is full ofsuffering!"
elsie thanked her stars that she was only sixteen, and need not be"grown-up" for two long years to come; but when her younger sisters grewobtrusive, she suddenly remembered that she would be seventeen in threemonths' time, and would have them know that she was to be treated withrespect; and, in spite of daily discussions, feuds, and battles, thegirls all loved each other dearly, and believed that such a charming andhighly endowed family had never before existed in the annals ofchristendom.
as a matter of fact, the rendell girls had claim to one greatdistinction--promiscuous accomplishments had been discarded in theircase, and each had been brought up to do some one thing well.
maud wasmusical, and practised scales two hours a day as a preliminary beforesettling down for another two or three hours of sonatas and fugues.
elsie locked herself in her bedroom for a like period, and the wails ofher violin came floating downstairs like the lament of a lost soul.
nanappropriated a chilly attic, carved wood and her fingers at the sametime, and clanged away at copper work, knocking her nails black and bluewith ill-directed strokes of the hammer, as she manufactured the panelswhich were fitted into her oak carving with such artistic effect.
lilias declared sweetly that she was too stupid to do anything, butprivately reflected that at least she had mastered the art of lookingcharming; and what did it matter if she _were_ useless, since with herbeauty she would certainly marry a duke on the first opportunity, and bespirited away to a life of luxury!
as for agatha and christabel, theywere supposed to devote themselves to the study of languages and thedomestic arts, but in private conclave they had already decided on theirfuture career.
they were to keep a select academy for young ladies, inwhich they would correct all those glaring errors of governess andmother under which they themselves had groaned.
"i can bear it better when i feel it is for a good end.
our girls shallnever suffer as i am suffering!"
said chrissie, with an air ofmartyrdom, when she was ordered to bed at nine o'clock, andremorselessly roused from slumber at seven a.m.  "if grown-ups weresensible, they would allow a child to follow its own instinct.
naturemust surely know better than mothers; and my nature tells me to sit upat nights and have breakfast in bed.
to be sent off as if one were achild in arms is really too horribly trying!"
"and when mr barr was there too!
last night he wastalking to me about books, and i'm sure he thought i was quite grown up.
the table was between us, you know, so he couldn't see my legs.
i wasenjoying myself so much, and saying that i thought thackeray much over-rated, when mother came up and said, `time for bed, chickie!
i assure you, i _blushed_ with mortification."
said christabel, bringing out her pet word with emphasis.
"they never think of our feelings.
i shall make it a rule to study thecharacters of our young ladies, and avoid wounding theirsusceptibilities.
i know how it feels!"
in spite of their many sufferings, however, the rendells would one andall have been ready to declare that there never had been, might, could,would, or should be, such another father and mother as they possessed.
to have a son at college, and yourself carry off a prize at a tennistournament, was surely a feat to be proud of on the part of a father;and what joy to have a tiny little scrap of a mother, who could bepetted like a child and lifted up in the arms of the youngest daughter--a mother who had solved the problem of eternal youth, and looked sopretty and so meek, that it was a constant marvel where on earth shemanaged to stow that colossal will-power before which every member ofthe household bowed and trembled.
the rendells' house was at once the brightest, the airiest, and thenoisiest in the neighbourhood.
as there were only six daughters, it cantruthfully be asserted that there were never more than half a dozengirls talking at the same moment.
strangers passing beneath theschoolroom window at a moment when the sisters were assembled together,had indeed been known to estimate the numbers present as from a dozen totwenty; but such a statement was obviously false, and tended to thatpainful habit of exaggeration which it is the duty of all good folk todeplore.
they were girls of strong individuality, and each felt it aduty to state her own views on any given subject, which she proceeded todo, undaunted by the fact that her companions were too much engrossed intalking themselves to be able to listen to a word she said.
maudtalked, pouring out tea and dropping sugar into the cups with tragicemphasis; lilias prattled sweetly, waving her white hands to enforce apoint which no one heard; nan banged the table and upset her cup inviolence of denunciation; elsie squeaked away in melancholy treble; andagatha's "too bad!"
and christabel's "horrid shame!"
were hearduninterruptedly in every pause.
when the door of the grange opened to admit a stranger, the wail of aviolin, the jingle of the piano, and the clang of nan's hammer greetedhim on the threshold, and from morn till night the echo of laughter andof happy voices never died away.
there was only one occasion when therendell girls subsided into silence, and that was when jim--the brother,the typical man of the race--came home on a visit and shed the lustre ofhis presence on his native village.
then the miss rendells sat in rowsat his feet, paying obeisance, and, meekly opening their mouths,swallowed all he said, not even nan herself daring to raise a question.
thurston house, the abode of the rendell family, was one of thosecuriously-constructed houses which are only to be met with in old-fashioned neighbourhoods.
it stood directly on the high road, a biggrey building which could boast of no architectural beauty, and whichindeed presented a somewhat cheerless aspect, with its wire blinds andtall, straight windows.
a gaunt, town-like house--such was theimpression made upon the casual passer--by; but appearances are apt tobe deceptive, and that same stranger would have speedily altered hisimpression, if he had been taken round the garden to view the other sideof the house.
it was almost impossible to believe in such a differentaspect!
from one side a busy high road, strings of cyclists, _char abancs_ driving past, bearing parties of brawling trippers, clouds ofdust, the echo of the drivers' horns, and the continued whirl of wheels;and on the other--deep bay windows looking on to a lawn of softestgreen, winding paths shaded with grand old trees, and, beyond all, ameadow stretching down to the riverside, where punt and canoe stoodwaiting in happy proximity, and clumps of bamboos flourished in easternluxuriance.
"our country house," the girls called the rooms facing south, "our townhouse," those at the front; but though they adored the garden, and spentevery available moment out of doors, the busy high road still held anattraction of its own.
mrs rendell had her own entertaining rooms atthe back of the house, but the girls were faithful to the little porchchamber which had been their property since childhood--a quaint littleden built over the doorway, with a window at each of the three sides,through which an extended view was afforded of the comings and goings ofthe neighbourhood.
"i love this dear little bower," sighed lilias sentimentally.
"there'ssomething so quaint and old-world about it.
i feel like elaine in herturret-chamber, looking out upon the great wide world."
"and it's such sport watching the people pass, especially on rainy dayswhen the wind is high, and they are trying to hold up their dresses, andcarry an umbrella and half a dozen parcels at the same time!"
cried nanwith a relish.
"last saturday was the very worst day of the year, andall the good housewives went past to shop.
chrissie and agatha and ioffered a prize to go to the one who guessed rightly who would have themuddiest boots.
it was lovely watching them!
old mrs rowe, clutchingher dress in front, and showing all her ankles, while at the back it wastrailing on the ground; mrs smith, stalking like a grenadier, with askimpy skirt and snow-shoes a yard long; dear, sweet little mrs bruce,as neat as ever, with not a single splash; and mrs booth, splatteredright up to her waist, with boots as white as that rag.
i had her nameon my paper, so i got the prize, and spent it in caramels.
i'm gettingrather tired of caramels--i've had such a run on them lately.
i mustturn to something else for a change."
"you are getting too old to eat sweets, nan," said lilias severely.
"you ought to set the children a better example.
if all the money youspend at the confectioner's was put together, you would be surprised tofind how much it was.
and it's bad for your teeth to eat so much sugar.
why don't you save up, and put it to some really good use?"
"such as frilling, and ribbons, and combs for the hair!"
suggested nanslily, rolling her eyes at the younger girls, who chuckled in theconsciousness that lilias had got her answer this time at least, sinceevery one knew well how her pocket-money went!
"what is your idea ofsomething useful, my dear?
we'd be pleased to take into considerationany scheme which you may have to propose, but in its present form thesuggestion is somewhat vague."
"my dear child, you know as well as i do that there are a hundreddifferent ways.
the only difficulty is to choose."
lilias stared outof the window, trying hard to cudgel up one idea out of the specifiedhundred, in case she should be pressed still further.
that was theworst of nan, she always persisted on pushing a subject to the end.
"you--er--you might help the poor of the parish!"
"just what we do!
i heard the vicar say myself that mrs evans was astriving little woman who ought to be supported.
if we took away ourcustom--""i mean the really poor.
mrs evans would not shut up shop for the wantof your threepenny-pieces, but the mission at sale is always short offunds.
if you had a collecting-box, you could send in a subscription atchristmas."
"`the misses margaret, elsa, agatha, and christabel rendell--four andsixpence halfpenny,'" quoted chrissie derisively.
she marched acrossthe room and stationed herself with her back to the fire, her thin facelooking forth from a cloud of hair, an expression of dignified disdaincurling her lips.
"how important it sounds, to be sure!
it's all verywell talking about saving up, lilias, but it's not so easy to do withsixpence a week, and birthdays every month, and christmas presents, andpencils and indiarubbers, and always seeing fresh things in the shop-windows that you want to buy.
it's not that i wouldn't like to help: ifi had a sovereign, i'd give it at once, but i won't be put down in thelist for eighteenpence, and that's all i could save, if i tried, fromnow to christmas.
i gave a threepenny-bit to old `chairs to mend' onlylast saturday, and one the week before to a woman who was begging.
i ammost charitably disposed!"
"so am i," agreed agatha--"especially when it's cold.
rags wouldn't beso bad in summer, but they must be awfully draughty in winter.
and ispend less in sweets than any of the others, because my teeth ache.
i've often wished we could do something for the mission; but i'm sopoor, and i sha'n't get any goose-money till autumn.
i wish we couldthink of some plan by which we could make some more.
chrissie and i arealways talking about it.
there seems so few ways in which girls offourteen can make money.
we thought of writing and asking the editor ofthe employment column; but mother laughed at us, and said it wasnonsense.
it's not nonsense to us!"
"if we could only have a sale of work," said lilias slowly.
she wasstill staring dreamily out of the window, and hardly realised what shewas saying, but the other four girls turned sharply towards each other,and a flash of delight passed from one pair of eyes to the other.
"how simp-lay love-lay!"
drawled christabel, with the languid eleganceof manner for which she was distinguished; and agatha beamed broadly allover her good-humoured face, oblivious of the sufferings of the poor inthe prospect of her own amusement.
"what fun we should have!
i'd bake the cakes and manage the refreshmentstall!
tea and coffee, threepence a cup; lemonade, fourpence; fruitsalad, sixpence a plate!"
"i'd sell toffee in tins, and have a pin-cushion table, and make everysingle soul i know give me a contribution."
"i'd give my new oak bracket.
no, it's too big.
i couldn't spare that;but i'd carve something else; and make little brass trays and panels.
`high art stall: miss margaret rendell.
objects of bigotry and virtueto be handed over to her,' and don't you forget it!"
"i'll take visitors out in the punt at threepence a head.
i'm so stupidthat i can't do any work, but the idea is mine, and that ought to countfor something," said lilias; and a vision rose before her eyes of a slimwhite figure gracefully handling the pole as the punt glided down thestream.
punting was a most becoming occupation; on the whole she couldnot have hit on a pleasanter manner of helping the cause.
"i daresay ishall make quite a lot of money!"
she added cheerfully; and her sisterslaughed with the half-indulgent, half-derisive laughter with which theywere accustomed to greet lilias's sayings.
she was so sweetlyunconscious of her own selfishness, and looked so pretty as she turnedher big bewildered eyes from one to the other, that they had not theheart to disturb her equanimity.
"the punt is a good idea," admitted nan, "for people are always pleasedto go on the river, and we must turn our advantages to account.
agarden sale, that's what we must have!
little tables dotted about thelawn beneath japanese umbrellas; tea in a tent, and seats under thetrees.
we can use all the properties that mother keeps for her gardenparties, and make it just as pretty and attractive as can be.
ishouldn't wonder if we made a lot of money, for we shall be so originaland ingenious.
people are so stupid in this world.
i always feel icould do things so much better myself.
who wants to go to a stuffy oldbazaar in the mission room?
no one does!
they go from a sense of duty.
mother groans and says, `oh dear, if i could only give a subscriptionand be done with it!
more cosies and chairbacks!
i've a drawerfulalready!'
and bazaar things are hideous!
father gave me ten shillingsto spend at the christmas sale, and i wandered round and round like alost sheep, and couldn't see a single thing that i wanted.
in the end ibought a cover for _bradshaw_.
it wasn't a bit useful, for i never havea _bradshaw_; but it was the nicest thing i saw.
now, let us solemnlyresolve not to have anything on our stalls that will not reflect crediton our judgment.
nothing ugly, nothing useless, nothing vulgar--""impossible, my dear!
can't be managed.
it's the law of nature thatthe kindest-hearted people have the least taste.
i don't know why itshould be so, but it is, and i'll prove it to you.
if we announced thatwe were going to have a sale of work and asked for contributions, whowould be the first people to respond?"
christabel thrust out her lefthand and began checking off the fingers with dramatic emphasis.
"missross,--mrs hudson,--mary field,--old jane evans.
`so pleased to hearthat the dear children are interesting themselves in the welfare oftheir poor brothers and sisters, and i've brought round a few wool matsas a little expression of sympathy!'
--that's mrs ross!
then mary annwould hobble up with a parcel wrapped up in a handkerchief, and kiss usall twice over, and say, `i've brought round a piece of my own fancywork, lovies, as a contribution for your sale.
my sight is not what itused to be, and it's difficult to get the material one would like inthis little place; but shaded silks always look well, and i made thefringe myself out of odd pieces of wool.'
and _that's_ not the worst!
mrs hudson would paint bulrushes on cream-pots, and forget-me-nots ontambourines, and come round bristling with importance.
`i always findfancy work is overdone at sales, so i thought a little of my hand-painting would be acceptable!
no one needs more than a dozen cosies,but every one is glad of an extra tambourine!'
...  it's easy to talk,my dear, but what could you do when it came to the point?
there'snothing for it but to smile, and look pleased."
"i should say politely, but firmly, that i could not find it in my heartto deprive them of such treasures--that with so many deserving objectscraving support, it would be pure selfishness on our part to monopoliseall the good things!
such munificence was far, far more than wedeserved, and would they kindly send a little cake instead?
they wouldbe delighted, for they are everlastingly giving to some mission orother, and are always in a rush to get work finished.
but i don'tpropose to let things reach such a climax.
i wouldn't hurt their dearold feelings for the world.
so we will say at once that we want cakeand fruit, and we shall get the very best of its kind.
we must fix ourdate for the strawberry season; for the human heart is desperatelywicked, and people will gladly pay sixpence to sit under trees and eatstrawberries and cream, when wild horses wouldn't drag twopence out ofthem for a pen-wiper.
i expect we shall succeed best with punting andrefreshments."
"if it's fine!
but it won't be fine--it will pour!"
said elsiegloomily, and wagged her head in the hopeless manner of one who hastasted deeply of the world, and knew its hollowness by heart.
if therewas by chance a cheerful _and_ a melancholy view to be taken on anysubject, elsie invariably chose the melancholy one, and gloated over itwith ghoulish enjoyment.
she was never so happy as when she wasmiserable,--as an irishman would have had it,--and hugged the convictionthat she was "unappreciated" by her family, and a victim of fate.
sheshed tears over _misunderstood_ in the solitude of her chamber, andcultivated an expression of patient martyrdom, as most fitted for hercondition.
occasionally she forgot herself so far as to be cheery andplayful; but her feelings were so ultrasensitive that they were bound tobe wounded by some thoughtlessness on the part of her sisters beforemany hours were over, when she would remember her own unhappiness, androam away by herself to the other end of the garden to apostrophise theheavens and pity her hard lot.
"it will be sure to pour!
it alwaysdoes pour when we want to do anything!"
she declared; upon which nanthrew her book into the air and caught it again with a dexterousmovement.
it's going to be a bright, glorious summer day, withjust enough sun to be warm and not enough to be hot, and just enoughwind to be cool and not enough to be cold.
and the grass is going to bedry and the strawberries ripe; and all the pretty ladies and gentlemenare going to drive over from miles and miles around, and spend so muchmoney that they will have none left to take them home.
what is the useof croaking?
if things go wrong, it's bad enough to have to bear themat the time; but until then imagination is our own, and we will make themost of it.
it will not pour, my dear raven; so don't let me hear yousay so again!
make up your mind that this sale is going to be asuccess, and try to bear it as well as you can."
elsie looked up at the corner of the ceiling, and arched her eyebrows inresigned and submissive fashion.
when the rain did come,--as of courseit would,--when all the fancy work was drenched and the pretty dressesspoiled, the girls would remember her prophecy, and be compelled toacknowledge its correctness; but till then she would suffer in silence,and refuse to be drawn into vulgar argument.
so she determined, atleast; but a fiery temptation assailed her in the form of anotherobjection, so unanswerable that it was not in human nature to resisthurling it at the heads of her companions.
"i hope you are right, i am sure; but, all the same, it is rather earlyin the day to make arrangements.
you are counting without your host.
how can you tell that mother will consent to let you have the sale atall?"
and at that the listeners hung their heads and were silent, for it wasindeed useless to build castles unless they were first assured of thisfoundation.
after dinner that evening the six girls assembled in the drawing-room,and little mrs rendell sat in their midst on a low chair drawn up inthe centre of the fireplace.
a grey silk dress fitted closely to thelines of her tiny figure, two minute little slippers were placed uponthe fender, and the diamonds flashed on her fingers as she held up a fanto protect her face from the blaze.
she looked ridiculously young andpretty, to be the mother of those six big girls; and a stranger lookingin at the scene would have put her down as a helpless little creature,too meek and gentle to cope with such heavy responsibilities.
but thestranger would have been mistaken.
"mother darling," said christabel insinuatingly, "granting always thatyou are the kindest and most amiable of mothers, do you happen to feelin an extra specially angelic temper this evening?"
"an `oh-certainly-my-darlings-do-whatever-you-please' temper!"
chimed innan sweetly; "because if you do--""i hope i shall never be so forgetful of my duties as to say anything soindiscreet," replied mrs rendell firmly.
"margaret, your hair istumbling down again!
kneel down, and let me fasten it for you at once!"
nan knelt down meekly, her roguish face on a level with her mother's,and the brown coils were twisted and hair-pinned together with swift,decided fingers.
"you must do it like this--do you see!--tighter, closer, more firmly!"
"it's disgraceful that a big girl like you--a girl nearly eighteen--should not be able to do her own hair!"
"you wouldn't like to be known as the girl with the untidy hair, isuppose, or to have a collapse of this sort in church or in the street?"
"then pray, my dear, be more careful.
don't let me have to speakagain."
"i'll try, mother.
a rough head, but a loving heart!
you might kiss menow and say you're sorry, for you stuck two hair-pins right into myscalp, and i never winced!"
mrs rendell smiled, and laid a gentle hand on the girl's cheek.
forone moment her dignified airs seemed to vanish, and nothing but motherlytenderness shone in her eyes, but the next she drew herself up again,stiff as a little poker, and said lightly--"nonsense, nonsense!
get up, child, and don't be ridiculous!
sit onthat high chair, and don't stoop!
i can't endure to see a young girllounging on a couch.
what is this new scheme that you wish to ask meabout to-night?"
"mother dear, you know you like us to be charitable!
you are alwayspreaching--er, i mean impressing upon us--that we ought to remember thepoah," said christabel, standing up as stiff as a grenadier, and smilingat her mother in her most ingratiating manner.
mrs rendell would havedied rather than acknowledge a special weakness towards any member ofher flock; but as a matter of fact her youngest-born possessed a powerof wheedling favours which none of her sisters could boast, and washerself agreeably conscious of the fact, and fond of putting it to thetest.
"i am sure you will approve of our scheme, and feel pleased withus for thinking of it.
it's for the mission.
we thought of getting upa little sale among ourselves, and giving the proceeds towards thefunds."
"it is so little that we can give; but if we devote our time andstrength"--murmured lilias prettily.
"it all adds up when you put it together," said practical agatha; "andyou can stick on such awful prices.
chrissie and i thought we mighthave the refreshments and a pin-cushion stall, and set out little tableson the lawn."
"such jolly fun!"
"every one would come; and we would havegames, and sports, and sails in the boats, and something to pay whereverthey went.
the young ones would stay, after the others had gone, to eatup the strawberries, and we would have pounds and pounds to give to thesecretary."
queried mrs rendell coldly.
"your english, nan, ispainful to hear.
i think i shall write down some of your sentences andgive them to you to parse.
then perhaps you may realise how they sound!
a sale for the mission!
that is an ambitious idea.
how do you proposeto get together enough work to fill a single stall, much less three orfour?"
"there are five months before july, and we would work like niggers allthe time.
nan would carve, we would sew, all our friends would help,and we would make money by tea and refreshments.
really and truly, wecould do very well, if you would only say `yes'."
"and we should so enjoy it!
it's horrid having nothing to look forwardto; and if there was this in prospect, we should be busy and occupied,and the wet days wouldn't seem half so long!"
"now, let us understand each other," said mrs rendell briskly.
"isthis scheme proposed for your own amusement, or for the good of themission?
one says one thing, one another, and i can't make up my mindwhether i am asked to consent to a charity or to a novel form of garden-party.
i should like to have that point settled before we go anyfurther.
are you thinking of yourselves or your neighbours?"
the sisters looked at one another askance.
elsie sighed andshook her head, agatha flushed to the roots of her hair, only nanretained her composure, and said daringly--"both, mother.
we began by saying that we should like to give acontribution, but we had so little money that it seemed hardly worthwhile sending it; and then the sale was suggested.
the first idea wasto help the mission, but we did think that it would be good fun forourselves as well!
there is no harm in that, is there?
you have saidlots of times that you love cheerful givers, and it must be better to doa thing willingly than grumbling all the time.
do people who get upbazaars never think of the fun, and the dresses, and the meeting withtheir friends, but only just of the charity for which they are working?
oh, mother, i don't believe they do!
i've heard you say yourself--""nan, nan, nan!
i object to be quoted!
it is dreadful to have anaudience of six girls swallowing every word, and bringing them up injudgment on the first convenient opportunity!"
mrs rendell showed herpretty teeth in a smile of amusement, and returned to the subject inhand with suspicious haste.
"well, you are honest, at any rate, and solong as you keep the idea of helping others to the fore, and don't allowit to be crowded out by the thought of your own enjoyment, i don't seeanything to object to in your scheme.
no; i don't give my consent yet!
you must think it over quietly for a week, and be quite sure of your ownminds.
a sale would involve more work than you think; for you will haveto give up time and money and do the thing thoroughly, if you once takeit in hand.
i will promise nothing to-night; for i wonder how manytimes you have come to me brimming over with enthusiasm about some newplan, and how often it has collapsed like a bubble in a couple of days!
you are such changeable children!"
"oh, mummy, come!
call things by their nice names," pleaded nan.
"it'snot fickleness--it's fertility of imagination; it's not a collapse--it'sonly a fresh beginning!
but we really mean it this time, and you meanto say `yes,' too.
i know you do; so nothing now remains but to talk itover with kitty in the morning."
until kitty has been consulted nothing can be calledcertain," said mrs rendell, smiling again; and as she spoke she liftedher head in a listening gesture, and pushed her stool from the fire.
she had heard the opening of a door, and knew that her husband hadfinished his after-dinner cigar and was on his way to the drawing-room;and the next moment he appeared on the threshold, looked round the groupby the fire, and threw himself in a chair by nan's side.
the big hand descended on the girl's head, and ruffledthe locks which had been so carefully put in order, while she turned upher face with a beaming smile, for there was a special bond of unionbetween herself and her father, and they aided and abetted each other inmischief like a couple of merry children.
"well, mops, how goes it?
what pranks have you been up to to-day?"
"oh, father, none at all.
i've behaved beautifully--just like a real,grown-up lady!
in the morning i pursued my avocations, and in theafternoon i went out calling, with light kid gloves and a card-case.
every one was out but old mrs reed, and you would have loved it if youcould have heard us talk!
we discussed the weather in all its branches.
cold--dampy-cold--dry cold; warm--close-warm--breezy warm; hot,thundery hot, scorching.
she told me which of each she liked best, andwhich her poor dear mother had liked best; and i lingered on and on,hoping they would bring in tea, until at last i yawned so much that iwas obliged to come away unfed.
then i had cold tea and scraps in theschoolroom, and we discussed charitable agencies."
"oh, nan, nan, this will never do!
you are getting altogether toocivilised.
i shall have no playmate left at this rate," cried herfather, laughing.
"can't you be satisfied with two grown-up daughters,mother, and leave mops to me for a few years longer?"
mrs rendell tried to look shocked, a task which she found somewhatdifficult when her husband was the offender; but if her eyes betrayedher, the elevated brows and pursed-up lips made a valiant show ofdisapproval.
she is past eighteen, remember.
you don't expect a girlof eighteen to run about in short skirts, with her hair down her back?"
"she would look much nicer!"
sighed mr rendell, looking regretfullyfirst at the long white skirt, and then at the coiled-up tresses.
"theygrow up so quickly, edith; i live in terror of having no children left--nothing but fashionable young ladies.
one must give in to custom to acertain extent, i suppose, but i warn you frankly that chrissie shall bethe exception.
it would break my heart to see chrissie properly grownup.
chrissie shall always wear her hair down her back!"
christabel screwed up her eyes at him across the fireplace with a smileof indulgent affection.
he was so young, this dear old father!
soridiculously young, that his vagaries could not be treated with theseverity they deserved.
it was truest wisdom to take no notice, andlead the conversation to wiser topics.
"any news in the great world to-day, father?"
she inquired airily.
"anynice little bits of gossip to tell us?
we look forward to hearing yournews, you know, as part of the day's excitement."
"my news, indeed!
gossip, she calls it.
if you had to provide for halfa dozen daughters, miss christabel, you wouldn't find much time to spendin `gossip.'
i go to town to work, and leave it to you at home to runround collecting the news of the neighbourhood.
i know nothing.
men don't trouble themselves with gossip."
seven long-drawn gasps of incredulity greeted this utterance; sevenpairs of eyes rolled involuntarily to the ceiling; seven heads wagged inaccusation.
"oh, oh, oh!
who goes on 'change and is told the latest jokes?
whogoes to a _cafe_ after lunch and smokes with his cronies?
who hasafternoon tea, and talks again?
who travels every day with the same menin the train, and hears everything, every--single--tiny--weeny snap ofnews that has happened within ten miles around?"
"don't know, i'm sure.
who told us about evan bruce, and about mabel's engagement,and the robbery at the priory, and--and--""for pity's sake, stop talking all at once!
take it in turns.
speak inpairs if you must, but not in a perfect orchestra.
i didn't know i hadbeen the first to hear any of those thrilling incidents, but it wasquite an exception if i did.
we generally read reviews, or talkbusiness.
i've no news for you to-night, at any rate."
"you always say so at first, dear.
you're so forgetful.
frank brightwen, now--he told you something?"
"gold reef shares gone up two per cent.
market closed firm, with atendency to rise."
"i shall buy some at once.
i like things that are going to rise.
besensible now, for i shall have to go to bed in ten minutes, and i do sowant to be amused.
had mr keeling nothing interesting to relate?"
"bad cold, and feared influenza.
details of his last attack.
prescriptions from all the other fellows, with accounts of their ownexperiences."
"deah me, how appalling!
worse than a tea-party!
i had no ideah mencould be so dull.
nobody going togive a dance?
no new people coming to live in the neighbourhood?"
mr rendell struck an attitude of remembrance, at which thewatching faces brightened with smiles.
"yes, now i come to think of it,there was one little item of news.
i forgot all about it; but you willbe interested, no doubt.
the grange is sold!"
the expression of curiosity on his daughters' faces was exchanged forone of blank amazement.
even his wife gave a start of surprise, andturned towards him with eager inquiry.
really let, alfred?
you don't mean it?"
"so i am told."
"we've been told so so often that one grows sceptical.
is it really andtruly sold, and the deeds signed?
i sha'n't believe it unless they are,for difficulties have cropped up so often at the last moment.
are youquite sure this time?"
"as sure as it is possible to be about anything in this wicked world.
braithwaite tells me it's an accomplished fact.
the deeds are signed,and the workmen are to begin putting the house in order next week.
youmay take it as settled this time, for the man really means to come.
heis a certain ernest vanburgh by name, and has been living abroad forsome years."
"and is there a mrs vanburgh, and has he any children, and are theyyoung or grown up?"
"is he a dull sort of man, or will he be hospitable, and give dinnersand parties and help to make the place lively?"
"is he musical, father, because there's that lovely big room where wecould have such charming musical evenings?"
mr rendell shrugged his shoulders with an air of resignation.
"how like a woman, or rather, i should say, how like half a dozen womenput together!
my dears, i know absolutely nothing about the man, exceptthat he has bought the place.
he is in a hurry to get settled, so youwill probably find out all about him for yourselves before many weeksare over.
it's no use asking questions.
he was willing to pay down themoney, and that was all that braithwaite cared about.
he may be abachelor or a second bluebeard, for all i know; but i suppose in eithercase he will still be better than nobody."
"of course he will.
blank windows are so dull.
curtains are much moreinteresting.
there's so much character in curtains.
i can tell thesort of woman who lives in a house merely by looking at her curtains.
it will be a new interest in life to have the grange let again."
"and i have a feeling that it will be an epoch in our lives.
i have afeeling that our fate and that of the new tenants will be inextricablywoven together.
it may be foolish, but these convictions are borne inupon me; i cannot help them!"
cried elsie, clasping her hands andopening her blue eyes to the fullest capacity, as she turned a gaze ofmysterious raptness upon the group by the fireplace.
"perhaps in yearsto come we may look back upon this evening as a milestone marking outthe past from the future, and realise--"a burst of laughter put a stop to further sentimentalising, and elsieretired within her shell, aggrieved and dignified; but for once she wasright in her surmises, for her own fate and that of her sisters wasindeed destined to be permanently affected by the coming of the newtenant of the grange.
the news that the grange was sold was truly of great interest to therendell family, for the house faced their own on the opposite side ofthe road, and its uninhabited condition had been a standing grievance.
that one of the handsomest houses of the neighbourhood should remainempty was a serious matter in a small community, and the younger girlslistened with bated breath to the accounts of the gorgeousentertainments which had been given by the last tenant, hoping againsthope that the time would soon come when the house would once more bethrown open, and the great oak-panelled rooms re-echo to the sound ofmusic and laughter.
like their own house, a portion of the grangeabutted on to the high road, so that a row of windows lay immediatelyopen to inspection; but two great wings stretched back to right andleft, and the house was surrounded on three sides by beautiful andextensive grounds.
the late owner had spent lavishly in beautifying theplace, and had asked in return a sum so exorbitant, that though manywould-be tenants had arrived to look over the house, one and all drewback when the nature of his demands was made known, and the rendellgirls were not the only people who had despaired of a settlement.
butnow at last a delightful certainty had been gained, the deeds weresigned, and the long waiting was at an end!
the morning after the news had been received, agatha and christabelrushed to the porch-room directly after breakfast, and flattened theirnoses against the pane to watch for the first sign of their chosencompanion, that same kitty of whom mention has already been made, andwho came daily to join the schoolroom party, instead of indulging in theluxury of a governess of her own.
she came at last, a tall lamp-post ofa girl, with blue serge skirt blowing back from long brown legs, a plaidtam o'shanter perched on the top of chestnut locks, and a bundle ofbooks tucked beneath the arm of a corduroy jacket.
christabel banged aneager fist upon the window, and rushed downstairs in a whirl ofexcitement to meet her friend, and carry her off to the schoolroom.
"my deah, such news!
you'll never guess!
it's perfectly charming!
you'll go wild when you hear it!"
kitty sat down in a chair and gazed calmly around.
whether she would"go wild" or not when the news was unfolded remained to be seen; but inthe meantime her composure showed not the slightest sign of beingdisturbed.
she ejaculated, and began to divest herself of her outdoorgarments, as if nothing more important engrossed her attention.
shetugged at the fingers of her deerskin gloves, and let them fallindiscriminately at either side of her chair; she sent her cap flyingacross the room, wriggled out of her jacket, kicked her overshoesbeneath the table, then folded her arms and seemed to feel that she hadno further responsibility in the matter.
the art of putting awayoutdoor clothes was one, indeed, which miss kitty seemed powerless tomaster.
in vain her mother exhausted herself in objurgation, and grewalternately pitiful and angry; kitty kissed her fervently and vowedamendment, but the next day there was the jacket as usual, hanging overa dining-room chair, and the other garments dropped in as many oddplaces about the house.
this method of procedure was, no doubt, asaving of trouble in the first instance, but retribution followed whenit came to starting out again after lunch, when miss kitty might havebeen seen plunging wildly about the room in search of a missing glove ortie, while groans of despair attended every movement.
"where _can_ it be?
wish my things could be left alone!
always stuckout of the way!
shall be late again now, and get bad marks.
horrid old servants!
wish they'd do their own work, and leavemy things alone."
so on, and so on, until at last the missing articlewas found, folded up in a magazine, or thrust beneath a fern-pot, whenkitty would seize it resentfully, and stalk down the garden-path on herlong brown legs, puffing and fuming, and feeling herself the most ill-used of mortals.
on the present occasion elsie and agatha entered theroom as she finished undressing, and the former immediately set to workto gather together the scattered possessions and put them away, for shewas tidier-in-general to the household, and could never by anypossibility bring herself to sit down comfortably in a room where apicture hung awry, or a tablecloth dipped unevenly at the corner.
thewhile she moved about she cast a pensive glance at the newcomer, andexclaimed regretfully--"kitty doesn't approve.
i saw it in her face the moment i came into theroom.
i knew she wouldn't, and i don't know that i do, either.
it's agreat risk!"
"i haven't heard anything to approve of yet.
chrissie has been tooexcited to descend to details.
you seem to have been very busy!
inever heard of any news when i was here yesterday."
there was a tinge of displeasure in the voice in which the last sentencewas spoken, and agatha, the tenderhearted, was quick to note it, and toexplain away the misconception.
"there was nothing to hear.
it happened later.
there are two things wewant to tell you about.
one is a piece of news from the outside, andthe other is our own special affair; but of course it's not reallysettled, for, as mother said, until you had been consulted, nothingdefinite could be decided."
"think not, indeed!"
said kitty shortly.
she put her hand in her pocketand drew forth a pair of steel-rimmed spectacles, which she placed, noton the bridge, but on the extreme tip of her nose.
her curly hair wasroughened over her shoulders, the brown ribbon bow stood up erect at thetop of her head; her arms were folded in deliberate inelegance, and shegazed over the spectacles with an air of grandmotherly condescension,comically at variance with her appearance.
"let me hear about it at once, or miss phelps will arrive, and i shallburst with curiosity in the middle of lessons.
what is it that you wantto do?"
elsie, agatha, and christabel immediately proceeded to explain thesituation in characteristic rendell fashion, all speaking together, andcontinuing to speak, without being in the least disconcerted by thebabble evoked.
elsie whined, agatha gurgled, and chrissie drawled,while the listener rolled her eyes from one to another, catching aphrase here, a phrase there, until at length some dawning of thesituation began to make itself known.
"a sale of work!
we are to slave away making pin-cushions from nowuntil july, and then sell them to some one else!
i understand that; butwhat is the idea of doing it?
who is going to get the money when it ismade?"
"the poor and needy!"
"thank you so much!
most considerate, i'm sure!"
"kittay, be quiet!
the mission, of course; the mission at sale.
wethought we ought to help, as it is in debt, and we do no good with ourmoney as it is.
we could collect enough to buy materials if we give upsweets for the next few months."
kitty's face fell gloomily.
"i've only three and fourpence in theworld, and it's mother's birthday next month, and aunt may's andgranny's the month after that, and agatha's next week."
"don't count me!
i'm as poor as job myself, but my old yellow sash willwash and make into sachets, and i'll cut the crushed parts out of hairribbons, and use the ends for needlebooks.
if they are a tiny bitstained, i will embroider flowers over the spots.
we shall manage thework somehow, never fear; and think of the tea and refreshments, andsails in the punts!
we shall simply coin money over them.
lilias isgoing to do the punting."
"naturally she is!"
kitty's eyes twinkled with humorous enjoyment.
"easy and profitable!
just the sort of work lilias likes.
oh yes, iagree.
i'd like to work and feel that i was reforming the world, and itwill be great jokes.
i know what i'll do.
i'll take snap-shots at thecompany with my new kodak, and take orders for copies.
there's an ideafor you!
people are so vain that they always think they would like aphotograph--until they see a proof!
if they refuse, i shall try anotherplan.
i will snap them unawares, and say, `i have taken severalphotographs of you this afternoon at moments which, perhaps, you wouldprefer not to have immortalised.
the negative is yours for two andsix.'
how do you think that would work as a source of income?"
"better not let mother hear you talk like that, my child, or the kodakwill be forbidden once for all, and it is really a lovely idea!
youcould take the punt with the different people on board, and groupseating refreshments, and talking to each other on the lawn.
my deah,you will amass fortunes!
i'm jealous of you.
i believe you will makefar more than we shall with our tea."
"but of course if it's wet"--insinuated elsie persistently, only to befrowned down by her companions, who were eager to impart the second andmost exciting piece of intelligence.
"it won't be wet, croaky!
don't say that again.
that's one piece ofnews, then; now for the other!
three guesses, kitty, for a reallyconvulsing piece of local gossip."
"maud is engaged?"
you can guess that again later on!
this special piece ofnews is not about our family at all.
some one else!
"some one i know well?"
"not at all?"
"then how on earth can i possibly--""it isn't necessary to know the person.
no one knows him yet, but wesoon shall.
he is coming to--to--can't you guess?
think of the emptyhouses near here!"
cried kit, and clapped her hands with delight.
"some onehas bought the grange!
how sweet of him!
now we shall have somethingto look at.
he is coming soon, you say--oh, what fun!
we can watch thefurniture unload, and the family arrive.
who are they, and how many maythey be?
lots of girls, i hope--the right sort, with plenty of fun inthem, and pony-carriages of their own, in which they can drive usabout!"
"we don't know a single thing about them, and can't find out.
the manis called vanburgh, which is all right so far as it goes, but whether heis married or a bachelor--""of course he is married!
a bachelor would never dare to take a houselike the grange.
it would be downright wicked!
he is a married man,with a grey beard, and a fat wife, and four beauteous daughters.
i seethem now before me, as in a mirror!"
kitty shut her eyes behind thespectacles, and screwed up her face into a grimace which was meant to bevague and visionary, but fell a long way short of success.
she was fondof indulging in flights of fancy, and her friends waited for herutterances with smiling delight.
"yes, yes, i see them all!
veronique, the eldest, is a stately beauty,tall and slender, with lustrous spanish eyes, and locks--""black as the raven's wing."
chrissie's murmur seemed a fitting climaxto the description, but the visionary objected to be interrupted, andturning scornful eyes upon her, said icily--"quite the contrary.
bright as pure gold!
she knows not the meaning offear, and rides an arab charger, who knows every movement of hermistress's hand.
she is betrothed to the scion of a noble house, andwill shortly be led to the hymeneal altar, when we shall attend as maidsof honour, clad in the sheen of satin and glimmer of pearls.
gabriella,the second, is _mignonne_ in stature, with a wee, winsome face--"but at this point in the description agatha spluttered with laughter,and christabel rose from her seat, and began banging down books on thetable with disdainful emphasis.
"i refuse to listen any longer to such uttah rubbish."
--"wee, winsomeface," repeated kitty loudly, determined to finish the sentence orperish in the attempt.
"eyes blue as the summer skies, and a skin ofsnow and roses.
she has a timorous, shrinking nature, and prefers amilk-white charger to her sister's untamed steed.
evangeline, thethird, has tawny locks and a dimpling smile, and makes up by charm ofmanner for what she lacks in regular beauty.
valentine, the fourth--"but the characteristics of miss vanburgh number four were fated toremain in obscurity, for at that moment a step was heard approaching theschoolroom door, and the historian made a dash forward to collect herbooks, and place them on the table, before the entrance of miss roberts,the governess.
during the next few weeks the workmen took possession of the grange, andeach morning as kit made her appearance in the schoolroom christabel hadsome fresh item of intelligence to unfold.
"a blue paper is going up in the bedroom--pale, pale blue, with loops ofroses tied with lovers' knots--s-imply sweet!
...  nothing but brownpaper in the little room over the door--nasty, common brown paper likeyou use for parcels.
what can they be thinking of?"
--and thegirls would stare together through the windows, watching every movementof painters and paperers with breathless interest.
later on a still more exciting period was reached, when vanloads offurniture arrived, and their contents were spread about on the roadway.
then the rendell girls massed themselves in the porch-room, and whilethey manufactured needle-books, and scattered bran over the floor in thewholesale manufacture of pincushions, lilias played the part of sisteranne, sitting with idle hands, reporting progress to the workers, andsounding a bugle-note of warning when any object appeared which demandedattention.
the numberless packing-cases were baffling to femininecuriosity, but the furniture itself was so unique that the most prosaicarticles assumed a surprising interest.
there were no modern designs tobe seen here, no cream enamelled bedroom suites, no green wood chairs,nor cosy corners.
everything belonging to the house was of a sombregrandeur which belonged to another country than our own.
sideboards andcabinets of carved indian wood blocked up the roadway, and made blackpatches against the oak-panelled walls; overmantels of the same duskyhue stretched up to the ceilings, and oriental rugs of priceless value,but distressing shabbiness, were spread over the floors, while the lowerwindows were covered with screens of carved wood, such as are to be seenover the windows of turkish harems.
lilias, the worldly wise, was pleased to pronounce the equipments of thehouse as in "a style of quiet magnificence," but her sisters were lessenthusiastic, and nan screwed up her saucy nose in open disdain.
"very grand and antique-y, and all that sort of thing, but my, how dull!
fancy sitting in that oak-panelled room, with those black ghosts rearedup against the walls, and the light shut out by those carved screens.
ishould go stark, staring mad!
give me something bright and cheerful,and lots of sunshine.
what worries me is that there is so little thatis feminine and frivolous.
i haven't seen a single thing as yet thatlooks suitable for a girl's room."
"but think of the cases!
all those dozens and dozens of cases.
you cannever tell what may be inside them.
they may be stored with--""treasures of buhl and ormolu!"
sighed kit softly.
"that's what theyalways say in books, though i haven't the slightest idea what it means.
wouldn't it be a terrific blow if there were no girls after all?"
but such a possibility the rendells absolutely refused to admit.
theprospect of finding friends of their own age in the deserted grange hadtaken such firm hold of their imagination, that veronique, evangeline,and ermyntrude had already become living companions who played a part intheir lives, and whose tastes had to be seriously considered inarranging the future.
they longed for the time to come when doubt wouldbe put at an end; but the vanburghs seemed in no hurry to appear, andmeanwhile april was at hand, and, as was their custom, mr and mrsrendell prepared to leave home on a short holiday, leaving the girlsalone to battle with the terrors of spring-cleaning.
mrs rendell had strong ideas on the subject of domestic education, andwould allow no extra help to be engaged for this yearly upheaval.
itwas timed to take place in the easter holidays, and each girl wasexpected to take a special task in hand, and to bring it to asatisfactory conclusion.
she herself frankly confessed that she hadcome to a time of life when she was thankful to be spared fatigue anddiscomfort; but her husband was not so willing to make the admission,and talked about his proposed absence in an impersonal fashion, whichvastly amused his hearers.
"mother has had to bear the burden of housekeeping for over twentyyears, and i think it quite time that some of you took it off hershoulders.
it is good training for girls to learn everything that hasto be done in connection with a house, so for your sakes as well as hersi feel it a duty to take her away."
so he spoke, and nan rolled hereyes at him in mischievous fashion, poking forward her head until herface was but a few inches from his own.
"and--er, what about your own?
you do not love the smell of soft soap,do you, dear?
i remember last year--"her father waved his arms helplessly.
"everything tasted of it!
soup, fish, puddings, everything one ateseemed saturated with soft soap; and there is something peculiarlydepressing about a house with no carpets on the floors.
i feel as if iwere going to be sold up; and if there is one thing more aggravatingthan another, it is to be obliged to sit in a fresh room every day, andhave all one's possessions stored carefully out of sight.
now,remember, whoever dusts the books in the library is only to take out afew at a time, and put them back--ex-actly where she found them!"
"no servant is to touch them!
i know what that means--every book piledon the floor, and stuffed back into the shelves just as they come!
yougirls are responsible, and must dust them yourselves."
"mine own fair hands shall do the deed--in gloves, however, for i knowthose books of old, and shall smother myself in sheets before i begin.
i don't object to a few days' charing for a change," said nan briskly.
"i love rushing about in an apron, using my muscles instead of my brain,gathering all the ornaments together, and washing them in a nice soapybath--""and watching the water get dirty!
isn't it lovely?"
"it isn't a bit interesting when they are only alittle bit soiled.
i like figures and things with lots of creases wherethe dust gets in, and you have to scrub away with a nail-brush, and thewater gets black--perfectly black!
every one laughed, even mrs rendell, though she felt in duty bound toprotest at the idea of anything being "black" in her well-kept house;and the girls proceeded to sing the joys of spring-cleaning withyouthful fervour.
"what i like best are the picnic meals," said chrissie.
"we always havethe same things for lunch--a round of cold salt beef and beetroot, andcoffee, and bread and jam.
it is all put on the table at once, and weall carve for ourselves, and march about the room with aprons on, andbehave as badly as we like.
then we have tea about three, and cold meatagain for dinner, and fruit instead of pudding, and are all so stiffthat we can hardly move, and all fighting to have the first hot bath.
the water gets cold after the second, so it's a great thing to be first,if you can."
"and there are such amusing _contretemps_!"
said maud, the good-natured.
"there seems to be a special imp of mischief abroad at these times, forsomething is bound to go wrong.
you can't guard against it, for it isalways the last thing you could expect, and it happens at the worstmoment, and in some extraordinary manner stops all the wheels of themachinery.
it is really excruciatingly funny--""you don't think so at the time!
when agatha knocked a nail into thegas-pipe on thursday afternoon, when the shops were closed, and all themen had gone off to a beanfeast, you didn't think it much of a jokethen!"
said elsie darkly.
"we tried leaving the nail in and smearingthe hole with soap, but the gas came out in gusts, and we had to turn itoff, and there were only two candles in the house.
...  we sat allevening in the dark, and undressed together in one room, because we wereobliged to give the servants one of the candles.
it wasn't in the leastfunny, and you didn't think so either."
"oh, i don't know!
it gave us a rest, which we wanted badly, and it isamusing to think of afterwards.
i've often thought of it, and laughedto myself,"--and maud laughed again, the happy, kindly laugh which wasthe outward sign of a sweet-hearted nature.
altogether it was a very cheerful little party of workers whom theparents left behind when the hour for departure arrived.
it was abright, inspiriting spring morning, just one of the days when it isdelightful to start off on the first holiday of the year, and mr andmrs rendell looked fully appreciative of the fact.
he was attired in anew suit, while his wife, not to be outdone, had provided herself with apretty blue coat and skirt, and a flowered toque which was perhaps atrifle more summery than the season justified.
after twenty-five yearsof married life, it was still a delight to this husband and wife tosteal off for a holiday by themselves, and mrs rendell took the samedelight in her husband's approval as when she had first become his wife.
every detail of her attire was daintily correct, and so pretty did shelook, so trig and smart, that her six big daughters stared at her inadmiration.
was chrissie's verdict; then her eyes passed on toher handsome, stalwart father, and a twinkle of amusement showed in hereyes.
"they both do!
and so spick and span--everything new from headto foot.
they might be a newly-married couple--a trifle elderly, butve-ry well preserved!
i shouldn't wonder if people thought they were.
how would it be if we hid a little rice?--""happy thought!
a most delicate attention.
keep them talking for a fewminutes while i pay a visit to the kitchen," cried nan, deftly nippingup the roll of umbrellas, and disappearing from the hall, to return withthe meekest of meek faces, and bid a fond adieu to the parents for whoseconfusion she had been planning.
when the carriage drove off, the conspiracy was divulged to the othergirls, who fully appreciated the humour of the position, but wereunanimously eager to disclaim responsibility.
"i'd give worlds to be there when they open the straps!"
"it will be too killingly funny.
they will both jump and get red in theface--father from laughter, and mother from rage.
oh-oh, it's lovely;but i didn't do it, remember!
i hadn't a suspicion of it until thisminute!"
"i couldn't have allowed it, if you had consulted me, but i'm glad youdidn't!"
"it will be exciting hearing how it comes off.
they won't need rugs or umbrellas in the train, but crossing thechannel mother is sure to feel chilly, as she will never sit in thecabin.
father will settle her comfortably in a chair on deck andproceed to unfasten the rugs.
every one will look on, for there isnothing else to do on board ship but stare at your companions.
thenpatter, patter, patter, down the rice will fall, and roll along thedeck.
i can see it all!
and the more they blush, the younger they willlook; and the angrier and more confused they are, the more natural itwill seem.
oh, i do hope and trust it comes off on the steamer!"
"it would be even better in the train!"
said lilias wisely.
"if theyonce get settled in the train to paris, they would be stuck with thesame people for five mortal hours, whether they liked it or not, andthey would stare, and stare, and stare.
whatever father and mothersaid, it would make no difference, for they would think they were onlypretending.
oh, nan, i wouldn't be you!
you will catch it!"
nan shrugged her shoulders recklessly.
"time works wonders.
if theywere coming home to-morrow i should tremble; but after ten days'galumptious holiday it wouldn't be in human nature to come home and becross with a poor, hard-working cinderella.
besides, why should they bevexed?
when i'm married you can use as much rice as you like.
i don'tmind if i scatter it broadcast wherever i go.
i shall just smile backin the people's faces, and hang on to adolphus for support.
if i canafford a little amusement to my fellow-creatures, i shall not be soselfish as to object; and i must say that for my own part i do adorefinding out a bride and bridegroom, and staring at them with all myeyes."
"i shall never marry; but if i do i shall wear my oldest clothes on myhoneymoon, and snap at my husband every time he opens his mouth.
that'sthe way to manage!"
said christabel with an air, and the two elder girlsexchanged smiles of amusement.
neither of them volunteered anyinformation as to how she herself would behave in the circumstances, forthe nearer such a possibility becomes, the less easy it is to discuss itin indifferent fashion.
lilias dropped her lids in smiling modesty, andmaud's eyes shone with a happy glow.
she was twenty-three now, and forthe last four years a secret hope had dwelt in her heart, and investedthe future with charm.
it had begun on a certain holiday time, when jimfor the second or third time had brought home his friend ned talbot fora visit, and ned had caught his foot in a rabbit-hole, and sprained itso severely that he was a prisoner at thurston house for weeks, insteadof days.
lilias and nan were away at school at that time, but maud hadfinished her education, and shared with her mother the task of amusingthe invalid.
she read aloud to him; played on the piano; was demolishedat halma; and, above all, talked to him on one topic after another,growing ever more and more intimate, until at the end of the visit ithad seemed as if there was no secret which was held back from nedtalbot's knowledge.
he had not said so much in return, but there was nosense of chill in his reserve.
he was naturally silent, and a word fromhim meant more than many protestations from another.
maud knew that heenjoyed her society by a hundred indefinable signs; and when they badeeach other good-bye, the glance of the dark eyes seemed to speak of awarmer interest than that of friendship.
since then four years hadpassed by, and twice a year at least ned had contrived to pay a visit towaybourne.
now that the other girls were at home there were no longer opportunitiesfor uninterrupted converse, for, as the eldest daughter of a largehousehold, maud was often compelled to busy herself with householdduties, leaving the charge of entertainment to the younger girls; butshe felt sure that ned understood, and no trace of dissatisfactionclouded her gentle spirit.
she calculated happily that four months hadpassed since his last appearance, and felt her cheeks flush as sheremembered jim's accounts of a recent prosperous change in his friend'sbusiness.
a great step upward had been taken during the last year, andnow, for the first time, talbot was in a position to keep a wife!
thisbeing so, who could tell what might happen next?
the hour to which shehad looked forward to so long, when ned would give her a right to lovehim and to be his helpmeet in life, might be close at hand.
oh, it wasa good world, a beautiful world!
life was in its spring, and everyopening bud and flower in the green world without seemed to typify thehope in her own heart!
the next few days witnessed a perfect rush of industry.
it was no lighttask to complete the cleaning of so large a house in ten days' time, butmany hands make light work; and while the servants scrubbed and scoured,the girls performed the lighter duties, washing ornaments, polishingpictures, turning faded draperies, sewing on new lengths of fringe,until old bottles were, if not exactly converted into new, at leastassured a fresh lease of juvenility.
there was always a rush to get thework finished a day or two before the parents' return, for the time thatwas over was legally the girls' own, to be employed in whatsoever mannerseemed most pleasing.
christabel stayed in bed to breakfast; agatha ateapples and read novels all day long; elsie made copious entries in herdiary, and wore her hair in the picturesque confusion which sheconsidered becoming, and felt it cruel of her mother to forbid; nanworked in her studio, and came down to dinner in a flannel shirt; liliaswore her best clothes, and went up to town to see and be seen; and mauddreamt dreams at her ease, without the disturbing consciousness of workundone.
by the end of the week the carpets were cleaned and ready to put down,and it was decided that the drawing-room felting should be laid first ofall, because in itself it was a more lengthy task than the mere layingof squares, and also because the after work of arranging pictures andchina would be greater here than elsewhere.
the three maids shutthemselves in the room together for an hour or more, and at the end ofthe time adjourned in a body to the library, where the young mistresseswere busy arranging books.
they looked flushed and discouraged, andeach of the three had her own comments to make upon the situation.
cookreported that "that there felting wouldn't come right nohow."
mary puther hand to her heart, and said her inside ached with dragging thetiresome thing; and bright-eyed jane smiled cheerfully, and vowed that"she didn't believe it never would meet no more."
the girls adjournedinto the drawing-room to investigate the difficulty, and found thefelting neatly fastened at three sides, but steadily refusing to comewithin inches of the fourth wall.
"seems as if it's shrunk itself somehow in the cleaning," said cookdolefully; but maud only laughed, and went forward to the rescue in hercheery, capable manner.
"oh, nonsense, cook!
if the cleaning did anything, it would stretch itand make it bigger.
it is purposely made rather a tight fit, or itwould go into wrinkles, which would never do.
it only wants a littlecoaxing.
nan and agatha, you have the strongest arms, go over there andpull as hard as you can, while elsie and i push towards you."
no sooner said than done.
maud and elsie went down on their knees, andtravelled slowly across the floor, pushing infinitesimal creases beforethem, while the others pulled and strained to make the most of theadvantage thus given.
it was a lengthy business, and the crawlingoperation was repeated several times over before the first ring could beinduced to catch over its nail; but when this was done hope began torevive, and the pushing and tugging was carried on with such vigour thatpresently the last fastening was secured, and the workers rested fromtheir labours, weary, yet triumphant.
groaned elsie, straightening herself with a groan; "it'sbroken in two.
i feel as if i could never stand erect again."
groaned agatha, stretching out her arms, and slowlyuncurling ten cramped-up fingers.
i never worked sohard in my life.
i shall be more careful about spilling crumbs on thiscarpet in the future, now that i know what it means to have it cleaned.
how you ever got it up i can't think.
it must have been even moredifficult than putting it down."
"broke every nail i 'ave," said cook concisely.
"it's not woman's work,and that's the truth.
we 'ad ought to 'ave 'ad a man to do it that 'adproper tools; but there, it's done, thank goodness, for another year,and it's the worst in the house.
them squares is no trouble."
"no; i think you can manage the squares yourselves; but first of all wewill have the furniture brought in here.
the house looks so forlornwith the hall blocked up, and if we get one room tidy, we shall feelthat we are getting on," said maud, who as yet had not risen from thefloor, but sat with feet stretched out, gathering resolution to beginwork afresh.
she stretched out her hands and drew herself slowly alongtowards the farther side of the room; but scarcely had she moved acouple of feet when she gave an exclamation of dismay, and, stoppingshort, passed her hand over the surface of the felting.
"whatever is this?
something sticking up through the felting!
sharplittle points, here and there.
dozens of them all about!
what can theybe?"
the others hastened to the spot, and gazed with horror-stricken eyes ata number of minute molehills showing distinctly in the felting, and eachone presenting a sharp point when investigated by the touch.
croaked elsie deeply; and at that cook gave a groan ofdismay.
"it is, for sure!
them dratted tacks!
your mar said we was to put in atack here and there between the rings, and there was a saucerful justthere.
somebody has knocked it over, i expect, and scattered them aboutthe floor."
maud looked round with a despairing glance.
the accident had happenedin the worst possible position, as such accidents are invariablysupposed to do, the nails being spilt a couple of yards from the wall,in such a position that two sides of the carpet must be unfastenedbefore they could be removed.
she stared at her sisters, and theystared back in a long, sullen silence.
"we can't do it again, and we sha'n't!"
said nan recklessly.
"send fora man, and let him break his fingers for a change.
i need mine foranother purpose."
"thursday afternoon, my dear.
the shops are shut, and not a man to behad."
"never saw anything like it.
it always is thursday afternoon!
put atable over the place then, and leave the tacks where they are.
no onewill see them."
"oh, nan, as if a table could stay in the same place for a year.
besides, the nails are bound to come out; if we don't take them away,they'll work little holes for themselves, and then what would mothersay?
there's no use shirking it.
the carpet has to come up again, andwe shall have to do it."
"it's too disgusting!
all this time wasted, and now to find ourselvesfarther back than when we started.
i could cry!"
protested elsiedolefully; and maud gave a little flop of impatience.
"oh, so could i--howl, if that would do any good; but it won't, so wemight as well stop talking and set to work.
begin at once, jane,please; we'll push, and make it as easy as possible."
the workers crawled wearily back to their posts, while the audience, inthe shape of lilias and christabel, stood in the doorway and cheeredthem with derisive comments.
"amusing _contretemps_, isn't it?
reminds one of maud's ecstasies theother evening.
quite pleased, aren't you, maudie, to have anotherillustration of the humours of house-cleaning?"
"never mind, darlings, keep cool!
you'll think it very funny in sixmonths' time.
if you work hard you'll finish by to-morrow morning!"
the glances cast upon the miscreants in reply to their witticisms wereso threatening, that they ran back to the library to stifle theirlaughter; but five minutes had not elapsed before they were back again,gasping in consternation.
some one at the door!
can't see properly, but it's a man!
a young man in a frock coat and a tall hat.
what shall we do?"
"send him away, of course.
put on a clean apron, and tellthe gentleman that mrs rendell is away from home.
if he asks for us--we are engaged.
sorry you can't ask him in, as the house is upset.
he'll see that for himself," added maud, in a resigned tone, as janehurried from the room.
"the hall looks as if it were in the midst of aremoval, and if he had had any sense he would have known from the lookof the windows that we were not in a fit state to receive callers.
anyhow, he will have to go away now."
the visitor, however, refused to go away, for, to the consternation ofthe listeners, the parley at the front door was succeeded by the soundof footsteps picking their way through the piled-up furniture, andjane's suggestion of "the library, sir," was apparently neglected, forthe tramp came nearer and nearer to the drawing-room door.
six pairs ofhands were raised to smooth six ruffled heads, maud twitched down hersleeves, lilias stood in an attitude of graceful attention, and the nextmoment the door was thrown open, and ned talbot's deep voice called outa greeting.
"may i come in?
i refused to be turned away at the door.
how doeseverybody do?
you look very busy.
i am going to stay and help you."
alas for maud!
had it been for this that she had lived in dreams sinceoctober last, planning afresh, and yet afresh, every detail of the nextmeeting with ned?
had it been for this that she had mentally arrangedbackground, occasion, opportunity, sending abroad mother, and sistersfive, and seating herself in solitude to await ned's arrival?
had itbeen for this that she had cherished her dainty new blouse, refusing tocrush it beneath cloak or shawl, and appearing over and over again inthe pink of a bygone age, so that it might appear in its first beautyfor ned's inspection?
oh, it was hard to have planned so well, and thento be discovered with ruffled hair, flushed cheeks, and unbecomingattire!
lilias was only the more picturesque for her working attire,and was even now shaking hands with the visitor, and welcoming him inpretty, winsome fashion, as the other girls shook down skirts andaprons, and took furtive peeps in the looking-glass.
this is a surprise.
it is delightful to see youagain, but we are so upset!
we are in the throes of spring-cleaning, asyou perceive.
have you come from town?
agatha, chrissie, bring in afew chairs!
this is the only room that has a pretence of a carpet, butat any rate we can give you a chair to sit upon."
"but i don't want one.
i have been sitting in the train, and wouldrather stand for a change, or, still better, help with some work.
please don't treat me as a visitor!
what were you about when i came in?
laying a carpet?
six of you!
it doesn't take six women to lay onecarpet, surely!"
nan groaned dismally.
"it does indeed, and then they can't do it!
it's nasty, horrid, rough,heavy work, only fit for men, and not for our poor little fingers.
wehad just succeeded, with immense labour, in fastening it all round whenwe made the cheerful discovery that a boxful of nails are scattered overthe floor beneath.
you came in at the ghastly moment when it had dawnedupon us that it had all to come up again!"
nan waved her hand with a tragic movement towards the little heap ofnails, then, making a sudden step forward, caught her foot in a loosepiece of braid at the bottom of her skirt, and went rushing forward at aheadlong run, to be caught in ned talbot's arms, and so rescued fromdestruction against a corner of the wall.
"nan, i told you that that braid was torn!
i told you to sew it up!
i_told_ you you'd trip and hurt yourself," cried maud reproachfully; butthe culprit only laid her hand over her heart, and gurgled in impenitentamusement.
"but i didn't, you see!
i came off all right.
it's only a little end--not worth talking about!"
--and she took a couple of pins from the cornerof her apron and began fastening up the offending loop, while her sisterlifted her hands in disapproval.
they won't hold!
better go upstairs and sew it at once.
if youdon't, i warn you, nan,"--but maud did not get any further in herprophecy, for ned talbot came over to her side, and looked down at herwith kindly, anxious eyes.
"maud, you look so tired!
don't trouble any more about the carpet; i'llmanage it for you.
what's the good of a great lumbering six-footer ifhe can't manage a little job like that!
i'll have it up and down againbefore you can say `jack robinson,' and then we will have our talk incomfort."
"it's more difficult than you think," said maud dolefully; but ned onlylaughed, then proceeded to take off his coat and go down on his knees toattack the obstinate rings.
the workers took advantage of theopportunity to adjust hair-pins, and divest themselves of soiled aprons,while lilias, having no such defects to remedy, developed suddeninterest in the work on hand, and knelt down on the floor beside him,holding out first one implement and then another for his use.
thesoftly-tinted face and cloudy golden hair looked lovelier than everabout the long white smock which she had adopted as her working costume,and poor maud stared at her own heated reflection with increaseddisfavour, the while she whispered in nan's ear--"i suppose he expects to stay for the evening.
can we askhim, do you think, when mother's away?"
"mother would be very much annoyed if we sent away an old friend, whohas stayed in the house dozens of times, without even offering him ameal; especially when he has travelled twenty miles to see us!"
"but, my dear, what have we got?
i can't give him dinner.
there'snothing in the house but cold meat."
"cutlets and tinned fruit--the refuge of the destitute!
send maryflying to the butcher's!"
"it's thursday afternoon!"
nan's groan of dismay brought ned talbot's head round in inquiry.
therings were giving way obediently in his strong grasp, and lilias wasclapping her hands at each fresh success, and chatting away in animatedfashion.
the sisters waited until the work was resumed, and thencontinued the whispered conference.
"it always _is_ thursday when we want anything.
people should never beallowed to shut their shops.
cold meat it must be, then, and nothingelse, i'm afraid.
we might manage to manufacture a few made dishes fromthe tinned things in the store-room, but _entrees_ and savouries seemout of place in the middle of spring-cleaning, and the dining-room isimpassable--a perfect block."
"we might alter that if we put out the things that are needed for thisroom.
we had better go and do it now, for we don't seem needed here anylonger,"--and maud cast a wistful look towards the two kneeling figuresin the corner.
she envied lilias her position; but it never enteredinto her honest heart to mistrust her sister's loyalty, or to put acynical construction upon this sudden show of industry.
all the girlswere fond of ned; it was only natural that lilias should want to helphim.
she held out her poor, roughened hands, and looked appealingly atnan as they stood outside the drawing-room door.
"i might wash them, mightn't i, and put on a pair of cuffs, and a freshtie?
i won't change my blouse, of course; but he is a man, and wouldn'tnotice what i'd done--only perhaps that i looked a little bit nicer!"
nan nodded silently, a lump rising in her throat at the sight of thewistful face.
she was the only one of the sisters who had been told thesecret of maud's heart, and the bond between these two girls was verystrong and tender.
she watched maud until she disappeared from sight,with her lips screwed tightly together, and her eyebrows meeting in anominous frown across her forehead.
she felt very fierce and formidableat that moment, and it was a positive relief to be able to vent some ofher pent-up irritation in work, so for the next ten minutes she draggedand tugged at the piled-up furniture, making order out of confusion, andcarrying the lighter drawing-room articles into the hall, in readinessto be put into their proper places.
then maud reappeared, smartened upby those subtle touches which every woman knows how to bestow, and noman is able to understand, though the result is patent to his eyes; andafter a second consultation on the subject of dinner, a return was madeto the drawing-room, to see how the carpet-laying was progressing.
nedtalbot was still on his knees, but now he was fastening instead ofunfastening the rings, while lilias was exhibiting a cup full of sharp,jagged little nails.
the dreaded task was almost accomplished, and thatin less time than would have been possible with the united efforts ofthe feminine household.
cried the new-comers; and agatha shook her mane with amelancholy air.
"it's s-imply wondrous!
he just pulls, and the thing meets as easy aswinking.
it doesn't seem a bit difficult.
and to think how we almostkilled ourselves!
"don't feel it so at all.
if i am beaten at carpet-laying all my life,i'll never repine.
it's a woman's duty to do nice things, and pleasantthings, and pretty things, and leave the men to do the hard bits," saidelsie, standing on one leg to relieve the pain which had come from longkneeling, and looking with melancholy significance at her thin littlearms.
"look at those compared to his!
nature never intended me--"ned fastened the last hook, and straightened his back with a sigh ofsatisfaction.
that's all right.
i'm glad i came in time, for it's stiffishwork.
i am staying in town for a few days, and thought i would chanceit this afternoon, and run down to see you for a few hours."
he looked at maud as he spoke, and she hesitated uncertainly, thinkingonce again of her mother's absence, the disordered rooms, the prescribedcontents of the larder.
"it was very good of you, and we are very pleased.
will you--er--willyou be able to stop and dine?"
"thank you very much.
your sister has already asked me.
if it wouldn'tbe giving you too much trouble."
"oh, no trouble!
i mean, of course, we are very much upset, and i don'tquite know what we can give you, but if you will stay we will do ourbest!"
"now, mr talbot, listen to me!"
interrupted nan decisively.
"there aretwo alternatives open to you, and you can take your choice.
would yourather sit here by yourself, looking at albums and illustrated bookswhile mary changes her dress, and cook flies into a temper preparing aproper dinner, and jane helps to tidy the dining-room, and maud ransacksthe store--room, and elsie polishes up silver, and chrissie cutsflowers, and i--"ned talbot threw up his hands in despair.
please stop, nan.
you make me feel the mostshocking intruder.
if i am to cause such an upset, the sooner i rushback to the station the better.
what is the alternative?
tell it me atonce.
you said i had a choice!"
"the alternative," said nan slowly, beaming upon him the while, in afriendly, encouraging fashion, "the alternative is what would happen tous if we were alone, and you had not arrived.
dinner in the schoolroom,with the library pictures ranged along the walls, and the books piled onthe floor.
no flowers--no fruit--no waiting--no evening dress.
everything on the table at once, and very little of that.
cold beef--very good cold beef!
i'll answer for that, for we've had it two daysalready--potatoes in their jackets, perhaps one other vegetable...""nan!"
cried maud protestingly; but talbot gazed at her with a smile,shadowed only by a faint anxiety.
he queried eagerly.
"put my mind at rest on that pointbefore we go any further!
surely there are pickles?"
as many as you like; but mostly onions, i amafraid, for we like the cauliflowery bits best, and poke about with thefork to get them out first.
but there are lots of onions.
cold beefand pickles, then, and something plain and wholesome in the shape of apudding, such as stewed prunes and rice; biscuits and cheese to follow;and a really good cup of coffee made by our own fair hands."
"it's a feast for the gods!
nothing i should like better.
don't youknow, nan, that nine out of ten englishmen would rather be set downopposite a joint of meat than half a dozen kickshaws!
it will be likeold times to have a meal in the schoolroom, and if you will really letme stay, and treat me exactly like one of yourselves, i shall enjoy itmore than a dozen dinner parties.
you will promise faithfully to makeno alteration whatever in the _menu_?"
"certainly, if you wish it."
"and--er--you will not feel it necessary to dress on my behalf!
i canmake no change myself, so please don't confound me by yourmagnificence."
lazy nan consented readily enough, but once more the thought of the bluesilk blouse sent a pang of disappointment to maud's heart.
she shouldnot be able to wear it after all, and the long hoarding up had been invain.
she reflected on the disappointing nature of earthly hopes, witha melancholy which would have done credit to elsie herself, as she tookher way downstairs to interview cook on the subject of dinner.
it isone thing to give a promise to make no difference in a _menu_, andanother to keep that promise to the letter, as every housekeeper knows;and even if circumstances did not allow of any substantial addition tothe meal, there were a dozen little contrivances by which it could begiven an air of elegance and distinction.
they took time to arrange,however, as all such contriving do, and cook was cross at being asked toundertake fresh duties, and wished to know what people wanted comingworriting about a house when a child in arms could see he wasn't wanted!
maud smiled at the reflection that, in this instance, the child wouldbe vastly mistaken in his views, but did her best to soothe the offendeddignitary; and finally matters were smoothed over by mary being told offto help in the kitchen, while maud herself undertook the arrangement ofthe table.
"nan will help me," she told herself encouragingly, as she mounted thestaircase and saw through the window a procession of girlish figuresmaking their way down the garden path, escorting ned to a survey of thedaffodils and spring bulbs, for which mr rendell was famous amongamateur gardeners.
lilias walked first, a dainty figure against thebackground of fresh green; slim little elsie picked her way daintilyover the gravel; agatha followed, large and beaming; and christabelmajestically brought up the rear.
maud pressed her face against thewindow and watched with a spasm of envy.
oh, to be out, enjoyingherself with the rest--to let everything take care of itself, and takeher place by ned's side!
too bad to be kept indoors when heropportunity had come at last, and the sun was shining, and all natureseemed bright and gay!
no one seemed to have thought of her, or ofoffering to help, except nan--dear, good, thoughtless, and yet mostthoughtful of nans; and here she came, flying three steps at a time,upstairs to the rescue.
"oh, you are here!
i've been searching downstairs.
out you go!
ifthere's anything to do indoors, i'll do it.
your place is in thegarden."
"i've been in the kitchen, and cook was so cross that i told off mary tohelp her.
i promised to lay the table."
"i'll do it for you!"
maud tried not to smile.
well she knew what would happen if the workwere left in nan's care.
crooked cloth, forks and spoons looking as ifthey had been tossed upon the table; as likely as not, no cruets norwater-bottles; and a general air of slipshod carelessness, which wouldmore than defeat all her arrangements.
"i--er--think i ought to look after it myself," she said apologetically;"but please help me, dear!
if we work together we'll get it done in notime, and then i can go out and enjoy myself with an easy mind."
"i want you to go now.
if you think i can't manage alone, send inchrissie.
she's even more particular than you, and i'll do as she tellsme like a lamb!"
said nan, not one whit offended at the implied slighton her own powers; but maud shook her head.
i never ask help in an ordinary way, and i couldn't do itto-day!"
"good for you!
i'd feel the same.
come on, then; let's set to work andget it over.
he'll be wondering what you are doing.
where are thethings?"
"mary has taken up some already, and the rest are in the pantry.
i'lltell you what i want, and you can carry up a trayful at a time while iset the cloth.
i know exactly how i want everything laid, you see!"
"don't apologise, my love.
i know i'm no good at finnicky work, buti'll fetch and carry with the best.
leave the plates till the last, and bring up the rest first.
knives and tumblers for seven.
they shall beyours before you can say `jack robinson.'"
"not too quick, now!"
cried maud warningly; but nan was off, leapingdownstairs in a succession of daring bounds, swinging round corners atbreak-neck speed, and singing at the pitch of her voice, after the usualdecorous and ladylike manner in which she was wont to descend to thelower regions.
left to herself, maud took a couple of steps towards the window, turnedback resolutely, spread the cloth over the table, and went back at a runto peer behind the curtains and see what was going on in the garden.
chrissie and agatha were strolling about arm in arm; elsie walked apart,bowed in thought; lilias flitted among the flower--beds, gesticulatingwith graceful _abandon_ as she called ned's attention to the choicestblooms.
maud could hear her pretty ecstasies as plainly as though shehad been standing by her side.
"the little dears!
aren't they just _too_ sweet?
don't you love thefirst spring flowers?
they seem so full of hope and promise!"
she had heard it all before, every time that a visitor was taken roundthe garden; and just for a moment a wish passed through maud's mind thather beautiful sister were not quite so fond of acting a part for thebenefit of strangers!
as a matter of fact, lilias took less interest inthe garden than any of the girls, yet she always gushed the most!
thenext moment she pulled herself up sharply, abashed to have cherishedsuch uncharitable sentiments, and went on resolutely with the laying ofthe table.
spoons and forks had been neatly laid in their places beforenan's approaching footsteps could be heard ploughing upstairs to anaccompaniment of jingling glass and steel.
she had taken the warning toheart, apparently, for there was a noticeable pause between eachfootstep; but, alas!
when the top of the stair was reached, there came asudden and violent change in her procedure.
maud heard a gasp, andthen, even as she started forward to investigate the cause, in rushednan, head foremost, the contents of the tray raining on the ground,while she stumbled helplessly forward, and finally collapsed on thefloor in a nest of knives and broken glass, to lift up her voice in awail of anguish.
"oh, oh, oh!
i caught my foot!
that horrid braid tripped me up at thevery last step, and sent me flying forward.
what shall i do?"
"i told you,"--began maud, but stopped abruptly, knowing by experiencehow trying it was to be reminded of past warnings.
"oh dear, the frightyou gave me!
to fall down with such a dangerous load.
nan, are youhurt?"
cried nan, with a sniff.
"talk of your fright, indeed:i'm shaking all over.
i'll run away and drown myself.
always make amess of everything i do!
what will mother say?"
"don't worry about that, dear.
you were trying to help, and being sogood and kind, and half a dozen tumblers are not a deadly thing.
thatwon't ruin us.
it might have been far worse."
"two water-bottles--the best ones, too.
i thoughtthey'd look so nice.
oh dear; oh dear; and just when i thought i wasgetting on so well!
i came up so slowly, stopping at every step.
youmight have heard me--""i did; but you know, nan, i said before--never mind, it's done now, soit's no use groaning.
you look so white, dear; i am afraid you have hada shock.
don't try to do anything more, but go to your room and takesome sal volatile, and lie down until dinner."
but at that nan rose to her feet with a laugh of derision.
i act the fine lady, and go to bed for a fall?
ishall have to work harder than ever to make up for this.
the knivesmight as well go in their places first, and then i'll go down and getsomething to brush up the glass.
don't you come: it's dangerous walkingover here, and i can do it quite well."
"nan, please leave it to me!
i am sure you are hurt, though you won'tacknowledge it.
sit down and rest, if it's only for five minutes."
but nan would not be persuaded.
she picked up the knives and hobbledround the table, laying them in their places and tossing her head withan air of triumph, oblivious of the fact that a drop of blood markedeach stage of her progress, leaving a vivid stain on the fresh whitecloth.
a groan of dismay from maud's lips aroused her attention,whereupon she flushed red with dismay, and stared down at her cutfingers with an air of shocked surprise.
it was really too aggravating, and even placid maud felt aroused toirritation; but it is difficult to upbraid an offender who is herselfovercome with penitence, and who lavishes such violent reproaches uponher own head, as nan now proceeded to do.
"oh, mussey me, i thought they felt queer!
they are cut all over.
lockjaw, i suppose.
i shall never be able to speak distinctly any more,but have to push all my food between my teeth, like poor jane smith.
oh, maud, maud, i wanted to help, and i've only made things worse thanbefore!
i always do.
do please scold and get cross.
don't look sowretched.
abuse me as i deserve!"
"what's the good?"
sighed maud dismally.
"you didn't mean to do it, andit's done, and can't be undone.
come to my room and i'll bandage yourhands.
i'm not afraid of lockjaw, but you can't go about any longerlike that.
then we must get a clean cloth, and begin again."
she set her lips and went through the new duties withoutshirking or skimping, resolutely avoiding a look into the garden.
therewas no chance now of being able to join ned before dinner, and as soonas the meal was over he would be obliged to hurry off to catch the lasttrain.
after all the longing and expectation, it seemed as though shewere to meet with nothing but disappointment.
maud had just time to change her working attire for a dress which wassuitable for the evening, though not sufficiently dressy to break thecompact which had been made with the visitor, before the gong sounded,and she returned to the schoolroom to join the other members of theparty.
ned was standing beside the fireplace, and greeted her with apleasant smile as she entered.
"you didn't come out and join us in the garden," he said; and when shereplied with a vague murmur, "ah, well," he added lightly, "perhaps youwere just as wise.
there is a decided nip in the air still, and if youget out of the sun, you are apt to feel chilled."
maud's eyes opened with a quick glance of surprise, but she made noremark.
the words had chilled her as no east wind could have done.
didned really believe that she would have stayed indoors and sacrificed anhour of his society for fear of a slight discomfort?
if he thoughtthis, he was indeed unconscious of the true nature of her feelingstowards him; and though maud was the last girl in the world to wear herheart on her sleeve, she had been happy to believe that she and nedunderstood each other, and could count on a mutual affection.
she didnot know which hurt the more, the suggestion of her own indifference orthe unruffled serenity with which it was made.
as she sat opposite nedat dinner, she studied his face, to see if she could find there areflection of the depression which was stealing over her own heart, butlooked in vain.
truth compelled her to admit that she had never seenhim brighter, more radiant, more full of life and animation.
she triedher best to throw off the cloud on her own spirits and to enter into theconversation, but the effort was not a success.
the hands of the clockon the mantelpiece held her in fascinated attention.
every strokeseemed, to sound the knell of the bright hopes with which she had lookedforward to this meeting, every stroke brought the parting nearer.
if maud did not speak, the other girls more than made up for hersilence, talking all together in true rendell fashion, and telling thenews of the last few months in their usual breathlessly eager fashion.
until now, conversation had had no chance of becoming general, and eachone had some personal items of information to offer which appeared toher to be of absorbing interest.
lilias had paid a visit to an oldschool friend, where she had had many pleasing adventures, which sherelated in characteristic manner.
her sisters often discussed what itwas which gave to lilias's stories such a suggestive and flatteringatmosphere.
it must have been something peculiar in the way in whichthey were told; for though she never said such a thing in so many words,the hearers were yet impressed by the fact that she had played a leadingpart, had been surfeited with admiration, and positively oppressed bythe attentions which she had received!
this evening was no exception tothe rule; for as she spoke the listeners saw before them a picture ofher own lovely figure moving like a queen through the scenes which shedescribed, her humble vassals following in her wake.
lilias must becleverer than most people supposed, nan told herself sagely, as shewatched the face of the visitor, to see how he was impressed by therecitals.
impossible to say!
ned stared fixedly at his plate, and madeno remark.
he very seldom looked at lilias at all, nan noticed.
if itwas not too absurd, she would have thought that he really avoidedlooking in her direction, while at every point in the conversation hiseyes turned towards maud, as if asking her sympathy in his enjoyment.
nan's spirit rose with a bound, and she burst into the conversation oncemore, talking every one down by her high, clear tones.
"mr talbot, do you realise that i've growed up since you saw me last?
i've said good-bye to childish things, and blossomed into a societydame.
i'm a lady growed.
didn't you notice it?"
ned's eyes gleamed upon her with the deep, kindly glow which maud knewand loved to see.
"i didn't, nan; i'm sorry.
i thought you looked exactly the same!"
"never noticed my long skirts, or my done-up hair?"
ned looked surprised, and tilted slightly back in his chair toobtain a better view of nan's head.
it was really rather puzzling todecide whether her curly mop was intended to be up or down; and theburst of laughter which followed showed how perfectly his uncertaintywas appreciated.
nan made a grimace intended to express recklessindifference, and waved her bandaged hand in the air.
"well, it _is_ up!
don't pay any attention to those silly things.
iought to know best, for i've three separate hair-pins sticking into myscalp at the present moment.
jim took me to my first dance when he wasat home for christmas.
it was s-imply lovely!
i was awfully nervous,for i generally manage to make an idiot of myself if i get a chance; buti got on finely.
i fell down full length as i was entering the room,but that was only because the floor was so beautifully polished.
idanced every single dance--all waltzes, and the most ex-quisite music.
i was introduced to an awfully nice man.
he had ears like windmills,and the biggest mouth i ever saw; but he could dance!
we went on, andon, and on, as long as the music lasted, and never stopped once; andwhen it came to an end i was as red as a lobster.
it was simplylovely!"
elsie smiled in an elderly and forbearing manner.
"more than you were, i expect.
i can just imagine how you looked, withyour hair all wild, and a crimson face above your white dress.
younever think about your appearance, nan."
"hope i never may.
i haven't one to think about, and that's a blessing!
it would be so boring to be pretty, and to have to worry about clothesand complexion.
i'm thankful there's none of that nonsense about me,"cried nan, beaming; and every one of the listeners thought how prettyshe looked at that moment, as she tossed her saucy head and smiled herdimpling smile; but they would not for the world have said so, andspoilt the charm of her unaffected self-depreciation.
christabel seizedthe opportunity, and took up the thread of conversation before any oneelse had time to come forward.
"mr talbot, i've been waiting to ask you a question.
do you knowanybody called vanburgh?
the grange is let at last, and the gentleman'sname is vanburgh.
we are simply aching to get to know something aboutthem.
the furniture has arrived, but nobody is in the house yet, exceptthe servants.
we made up our minds that there would be a family ofdaughters, but we begin to have qualms."
chrissie was obviously pleasedwith the effect of that last expressive word, and repeated it once morewith artistic relish.
the furniture isso massive.
we can't see anything at all that would suit a girl'sroom."
"i can't give you any help on that point, chrissie.
you can judgebetter than i; but vanburgh is an uncommon name, so we ought to be ableto find out something about them.
do you happen to know where they havebeen living till now?"
"here, and there, and everywhere; wandering over the face of the globe!
a great deal of the furniture comes from india and egypt; and one of theworkmen came over to ask cook for some hot water one day, and said hebelieved the master had been travelling abroad.
i wanted cook to pumphim to find out more, but she said mother had forbidden her to gossipabout the neighbours.
such a nuisance!
i love gossiping about myneighbours.
i remember when i was a little girl, how i used to adorebeing in the drawing-room when callers came and discussed the affairs ofthe village.
i knew i should be sent away if i appeared to listen, so iused to sit and pretend to play with a doll or a book, while my earswere fairly sticking out of my head with curiosity."
"you little hypocrite!
i wouldn't have believed you could have been sodeceitful.
but do tell us if you know anything of the vanburghs, mrtalbot.
did you ever meet any one of the name?"
"i met a man once--a fellow about my own age.
he was at oxford with me,but not at the same college.
i saw very little of him."
"that could not be the father, of course.
he would have to be a son,and we never arranged for boys.
what sort of man was he?"
"i beg your pardon."
"what does that mean?
what sort of man is supposed to be represented by`humph!'
may we ask?"
ned talbot screwed up his lips and shook his head withdetermined obstinacy.
the girls stared at him in silence for a good twominutes.
then maud spoke again.
"do you decline to say anything but `humph' on the subject, ned?"
"how very interesting!"
nan clasped her hands in delight.
how frightfully suspicious!
i'm sure there'ssomething very dreadful about him, and in that case he will be even moreinteresting than the girls."
"i can't help it.
we know so many estimable people that it would bedelightful to meet somebody bloodthirsty, for a change.
everything inwaybourne is so painfully commonplace that we are simply spoiling for amystery, as the americans would say.
now, mr talbot won't commithimself to a definite charge, but his silence is more impressive thanwords.
i'm sure there's a mystery: something too gruesome and terribleto be divulged."
"you leap to conclusions, nan.
perhaps i had better state at once thatthere is nothing at all mysterious about the man i mentioned--nothing ofthe kind, i assure you."
"nor in the faintest shadow of a degree bloodthirsty."
"nor thrilling, nor gloomy, nor terrible?"
"the farthest possible remove from such qualities."
nan groaned with disappointment.
"what a blow!
i hope, then, that your vanburgh hasnothing to do with ours, for he sounds terribly uninteresting.
nevermind; when you come down to see us in the summer, we shall have solvedthe mystery for ourselves; and you will be obliged to come down for oursale, you know.
have you heard anything about our sale?"
"i--er--yes; i heard something,"--began ned hesitatingly.
he halfturned his head towards lilias, and then once more stared down at hisplate, while she continued for him, in her sweet flute-like voice--"oh yes; i told him about it.
he has promised to come and help me wheni get tired.
i can't manage the punt all alone!"
once again was noticed the subtle suggestiveness of lilias's manner; butthis time it was her pleasure to pose as a martyr--a poor, fragilemartyr, to whom had been deputed a hard and ungrateful task, while hercompanions played in the sunshine.
nothing could be said against anunspoken accusation, especially in the presence of a stranger; but thesisters exchanged meaning glances across the table, and nan stamped _so_violently upon elsie's foot that that melancholy young person writhed onher seat.
the best safeguard to the feelings of the family was tochange the subject, which chrissie at once proceeded to do.
"but sha'n't we see you again before midsummer?"
she inquired eagerly.
"is this really the only visit you are going to pay us this time?
you generally come and stay over a sunday at least.
can't you come again before you go north?
mother and father will behome on thursday."
ned talbot flushed suddenly, and bit his lips under his moustache.
hewas evidently struggling with a spasm of nervousness; and maud noticedas much, and wondered as to its meaning, even as she blessed christabelin her heart for her welcome suggestion.
surely, surely ned would notrefuse!
"you are very kind," he said slowly.
"i had thought of asking if imight come.
i am anxious to talk to mrs rendell.
if it would not beinconvenient to have me from saturday till monday so soon after herreturn, i should very much like to come."
he looked inquiringly at maudas he spoke, and she smiled a happy assent.
"i am quite sure it will be convenient; but i'll tell-mother the momentshe returns, and she will write to you herself.
you will probably hearon friday."
"thank you; i hope i may.
this afternoon has been all too short, and ihave not had time for anything.
not even a glance of `kittay.'
it'sabsurd to pretend to have been to waybourne when one has not seen`kittay'; isn't it, christabel?"
chrissie dropped her eyelids, and twisted her lip with an expression ofsupreme disdain.
"i do not say `kittay'; i say `kittee.'
you are too sillay.
whatevah isay you mock me in this ridiculous mannah.
i sha'n't speak to you atall next time."
talbot made a gesture as of one heaping ashes on his head, and then,glancing at the clock, rose hurriedly from the table.
"i must go!
just time to catch the train.
i had no idea it was gettingso late.
that comes of enjoying myself so much.
i have had a jollyafternoon.
don't know when i have had such a good time."
he held outhis hand to maud, and she took it, trying hard to smile as brightly ashimself, but it was a difficult task.
she would rather he had been lessbright, less complacent.
she could have been happier if he had goneaway with a shadow of her own depression upon his brow.
sheturned back from the door with an aching heart.
the schoolroom seemedon a sudden unbearably grey and gloomy.
her former peace had givenplace to an aching doubt.
the next day, when kitty arrived at thurston house, she was informed ofned talbot's visit, and promptly remarked that it was a "mean shame"--the shame consisting in the fact of the visit having been so timed thatshe herself had been deprived of the pleasure of seeing one who washonoured by her special approval.
all interest in ned and his doingswas soon wiped away, however, by a piece of intelligence so excitingthat the listeners could only gasp, and hold on to their chairs forsupport.
it was maud who brought the news to the schoolroom.
she had been in thekitchen interviewing the cook, and had received it straight from thelips of that authority.
she cried breathlessly, "the vanburghs havearrived!
they came late last night, cook says.
she saw the table laidfor breakfast this morning, and the postman said he had taken someletters to the house."
the girls stared at one another in mingled excitement anddisgust.
"and we never saw them!
how simply disgusting, when we havebeen sitting staring out of this window for the last three weeks!
why couldn't they come in the daylight, in adecent, honest fashion?
they might be ashamed of themselves!
how manyare there, and what are they like?"
but maud knew nothing beyond the mere fact of the arrival, and theschoolroom party were obliged to control their curiosity as best theymight until lessons were over, and they were free to station themselvesonce more in their place of observation.
if the vanburgh family hadventured out of the house about noon, they would have been slightlydisconcerted to see the row of heads in the window opposite, all craningforward to watch their slightest movement, and bobbing behind thecurtains when they imagined themselves observed.
they didnot come out.
the nailed door remained closely shut, and thedisappointed watchers tried to console themselves by inventingsatisfactory reasons for their non-appearance.
"they are busy, you see.
there is so much to unpack.
gabrielle ishanging her ball-dresses in the wardrobe and covering them over withmuslin curtains."
"she wouldn't unpack for herself, silly!
they have a french maid whodoes all that sort of thing for them!"
"i know they have; but gabrielle is so particular!
she can't bear anyone to touch her dresses but herself; besides, therese has enough to doattending to the other young ladies.
evangeline has a bad sickheadache.
she is lying down in that room where the curtains are drawn.
travelling always does make her ill!"
"ermyntrude is arranging her treasures.
her bedroom looks out on thegarden, and she is nailing up pictures, and draping the mantelpiece.
she has piles and piles of photographs to arrange.
they will keep herbusy all day.
it's ridiculous to suppose that they would go out thevery first morning after their arrival.
you know how it is with us whenwe come home after a few weeks' holiday!
there are a thousand things tobe done."
the girls unanimously agreed in this decision.
nevertheless, the hopethat one of the four miss vanburghs might appear at the windows keptthem glued to their own posts until it was time to start for the dailywalk.
the conversation turned exclusively on the subject of the newneighbours, as the little procession of girls and governess fileddejectedly down the street, and great ingenuity was exhibited inexpressing disappointment in the language which was the order of theday.
"c'est un horrible shame," sighed kitty sadly.
"c'est tout bien pourvous, parce que vous etes toujours ici; mais moi, je suis chez moi, etsi elles sortez quand je ne suis pas ici, je serais _mad_!"
"j'expect qu'elles sorteraient quand nous sommes tous loin.
c'esttoujours le fashion!"
sighed chrissie, acutely conscious that her frenchwas superior to that of her friend, but politely ignoring the fact.
"jedemanderai a ma mere--er--er--(how do you say `pay calls'?)
--a faire unevisite, aussitot que possible."
"moi aussi," assented kitty.
"et puis vous savez, elle peut dit:`j'espere, madame vanburgh, que vos mademoiselles seraient tres grandamies avec mes filles.
voulez vous permittez qu'elles venez a themercredi prochaine?'"
"oui, et puis elles nous inviteraient en retourn."
christabel tossedher mane over her shoulders and smiled in anticipation.
she made up hermind then and there to decorate her bedroom with her most treasurednick-nacks on the afternoon of the vanburghs' visit, and to keep her newhair ribbon unused for the occasion.
but no miss vanburghs appeared!
the next day passed, and the next, andstill another, and still no sign of a feminine presence lightened thedark windows of the grange.
the solemn butler flitted to and fro; thefigure of a white-haired man could be dimly discerned, stretched upon asofa, in the oak-panelled apartment immediately facing the porch-room ofthurston house; but that was all that the most unremitting scrutinycould discover.
nan shivered at an attic window for an hour on end,with no more exciting result than a glimpse of a tablecloth and a row ofsilver dishes; and the great nailed door remained persistently closed.
and then the blow fell!
there were no miss vanburghs!
there was not even a mrs vanburgh!
could it be believed there was no woman in the family--no one but an oldinvalid gentleman, who spent his days on a sofa, or in a wheeled chairbeing slowly driven about the garden?
a solitary man as tenant of thegrange!
the finest house in the neighbourhood monopolised by aninvalid!
the ball-room, the billiard-room, the music-room, given overto the possession of one who would never use them; the stables unused;the gardens deserted!
the rendell girls could not believe it.
it wastoo horrible to be true.
ermyntrude, evangeline, and gabrielle had noexistence.
the happy dreams which had been woven about them could neverbe fulfilled.
it was indeed a cruel and crushing disappointment.
"what can he want with a house like that, the selfish, horrid creature?"
demanded agatha, nigh to tears.
"if he is an invalid, what is the useof having a house big enough to hold a regiment of soldiers?
there arehundreds of villas where he might have been as ill as he liked, withoutmonopolising our only grange!
what is to become of us, if all the besthouses in the country are sold to hermits, and invalids, and white-haired old patriarchs, with not a single child to boast of!
"i'm sorry his back is bad; but he had no business to come here," agreedchrissie firmly.
"we don't want invalids.
we want a nice, big, livelyfamily, with plenty of money and hospitable hearts.
i'mlonely without gabrielle.
i'd taken such a fancy to her!
this is worsethan if the place had never been sold at all."
"but still, you know the old man may be nice!"
"wouldn't it be lovely if he took a fancy to us, and made usall his heirs?
a million each!
i'd buy a pony-cart and a phonograph--afriend of father has a phonograph at his home, and it's such funlistening to it.
the cornet-solo is fine, and there's a cylinder of ababy crying which sounds just like a dog barking.
the poor little soulwas quite good, but its parents thought it would be nice to preserve itshowls; so they pinched it and made it cry.
mean, i call it!
imagineher feelings when she is grown up, and this wretched thing is wound upto amuse strangers.
parents ought to consider theirchildren's feelings.
i read an awful story once of a girl who waslooking over old magazines with some friends, and she came upon aphotograph of herself as an advertisement of infants' food!
if that hadhappened to me, i should disown my parents and leave the country.
mrvanburgh hasn't any children of his own, but he may like us all the morefor that.
it would be an interest in life for him to make us happy, andwe should reward him by our devotion.
it sounds like a book, andperhaps it may turn out for the best, after all.
i believe it will!"
"don't be so horribly resigned!
i hate people who are resigned when iam miserable!"
said chrissie sharply.
"i want some nice girls, and idon't care a rap about phonographs--silly, squeaky things!
there wasone on the parade at the seaside last year, and it irritated me beyondwords!
besides, i don't think it's at all nice to make up to a personjust because he is rich, and might leave you some money.
i wouldn't doit.
it's toadying; and if there is one thing i detest above anothah, itis--""i never said i would `make up' to him.
i never hinted at such a thing.
we were not supposed to dream that he would leave us anything until hewas dead, and then we would be overcome with surprise.
i should hope idetest toadying as much as you!
and kitty tossed herhead and curled her lip in disdain.
both girls were upset by the suddenoverthrow of their hopes, and therefore inclined to take offence morereadily than usual.
christabel retired to the window in dignifieddispleasure, while kitty wriggled into the corduroy jacket, stuck thetam o'shanter on her head at a rakish angle, and hitched her books underher arm in preparation to depart.
agatha's expressive frowns and smileswere of no avail towards a reconciliation, and the parting took place inforced and chilly manner.
then the door banged, and kitty went stalking home, to drown her woes inafternoon tea, and to have her ruffled feathers smoothed down by hermother's kindly sympathy.
mrs maitland regarded the disappointment from a personal standpoint,for the discovery that there was no mrs vanburgh was almost as great ablow to her as the absence of daughters had been to the schoolroomparty.
she agreed with kitty that it was most officious of a solitarymale to monopolise the grange, and bemoaned the loss to theneighbourhood in a manner tragic enough to satisfy even her daughter'srequirements.
and i was looking to her for so many subscriptions!
i had put her down for two five-pound notes, and half a dozen guineas.
i meant her to take half my stall at the hospital bazaar, and to be thesecretary of the mission.
how useful i had made that woman, to be sure!
and now she has vanished into thin air before my eyes.
i'm terriblydisappointed, kit; but we must make the best of it.
poor, lonely oldman!
he will be bored to death in that silent house.
lies on his back,you say, and is wheeled about in a chair?
that means paralysis, isuppose, or very bad rheumatism.
it's sad to be old, and ill, andlonely."
mrs maitland stared thoughtfully before her, cup in hand, andher eyes grew suddenly moist.
she was thinking how blessedly well offshe was in her cheery, sunny little home, with husband and child to loveher, and good health to enable her to do her work, and to find pleasurein the doing; and the picture of the strange old man lying on his couchin the dim oak-panelled halls seemed by comparison gloomier than ever.
"we'll help him, kit!"
she said briskly.
"we'll help him, you and i!
we'll make his life brighter for him, and cheer him in every way weknow!"
but, as it turned out, mr vanburgh was not anxious to be cheered, andmrs maitland found it more difficult than she expected to put her goodresolves into practice.
on thursday evening, mr and mrs rendell returned home from theircontinental trip.
the house was spick and span, the girls were bloomingin pretty evening dresses, and the travellers themselves lookedimmensely benefited by their holiday, so that the kissings and huggingsof welcome were exchanged under the happiest conditions.
nan was thankful to feel that no shade of displeasure lurked behind thetenderness of her mother's greeting, and before the evening was overactually screwed up courage to put a question concerning the discoveryof the scattered rice.
the explanation was disappointingly simple.
mr and mrs rendellexchanged a smiling glance, and appeared much amused by the girls'discomfiture.
"well, my dear, we had the carriage to ourselves as far as dover, andyour mother suggested in her thoughtful way that it would be wise to getsome wraps ready, as it was often very cold on the pier.
obedient asever, i unstrapped the bundle, and discovered your nice little plot.
welifted the cushions, poured all the loose rice on the seats, shook thecloaks out of the window, put down the cushions again, and hadeverything clear and tidy in ten minutes' time!
it was a nice littlediversion, which came just as we had finished reading our papers.
mostthoughtful of you to provide it for us!"
"and you had no stray pieces left?
none that caught in your clothes,and shook out afterwards?"
"i had a cloth brush in my bag, and i used it well.
i am sorry todistress you; but we were not once mistaken for edwin and angelina.
itwas a brilliant inspiration on your part, and i sympathise with yourdisappointment.
i said at once, `this is nan's doing!'
and wished i wasnear, to pay you out for your audacity.
i hope your other pranksafforded you more satisfaction.
i expect you have been up to all mannerof mischief while we were away!"
"i've been most industrious, father, and good, and docile.
ask maud ifi haven't.
i had a few accidents: they _will_ occur, you know!
trays,for instance, jumping out of my hand, and smashing the glass.
it's amercy i was not killed."
queried mrs rendell quickly; and nan smiled backat her with infantile candour.
"better tell her the first evening, when she can't find it in her heartto be cross," she had decided diplomatically; and there was certainly nonervousness apparent in the manner in which she made her confession.
"oh, only some tumblers.
not so many.
seven or eight, perhaps.
theywere not the best ones; none of the best set were broken except twolittle water-bottles.
such a mercy, wasn't it?"
she affected not tohear mrs rendell's groan of dismay, and spread out her scarred handswith an air of thanksgiving.
"as for me, i can't imagine how i escaped.
there were knives on the tray, and they fell in showers round me--literal showers--and dug into my hands!
nan rolledher eyes to the ceiling, and shuddered dramatically.
shewanted me to go to bed, but i struggled on.
we were particularly busythat night, and wanted to help the servants."
"ned talbot was here.
he appeared suddenly, when we were layingcarpets, and went down on his knees to help us.
he seemed to expect tostay to dinner, so we gave him a scramble meal, and he left by the 8:30train," explained maud hurriedly.
she, like nan, had decided to giveher own special piece of news on the evening of her parents' return; butthough she appeared to be looking in an opposite direction, she wasacutely conscious of her mother's searching glances.
mrs rendell said slowly.
"he is staying in town, then, isuppose?
is he to make a long visit?
shall we see him again thistime?"
"he said of his own accord, mother, that he would like to come fromsaturday until monday if it would not inconvenience you so soon afteryour return.
i promised to give you the message, and said you wouldprobably write yourself."
"he said he wanted particularly to speak to you and father.
i wonderwhat about!
he doesn't generally care to be with you as much as withus; but he said it as if he meant it--he really did.
i can't imaginewhat he wants!"
said agatha the tactless, blurting out her thoughts asusual, and beaming round the company, unconscious of the consternationwhich her words had caused.
maud flushed crimson.
elsie and nan blushed in sympathy for herconfusion, and chrissie from sheer rage and irritation, and longing totake the big, blind blunderer by the shoulder and administer a goodshaking.
only lilias remained cool and self-possessed, and came to therescue with a change of subject, for which her sisters blessed her intheir hearts.
no further reference was made to ned talbot that evening, nor was anyletter forwarded to his london address; but next day, as maud passed themorning-room on some domestic errand, a voice called her by name, andshe entered, to find her mother seated before an open desk.
"i am writing to ned talbot," she said, "and i wanted to consult youbefore finishing.
i think the time has come for plain speaking, maud.
am i to tell this young fellow that we shall be pleased to see him orno?
it has been easy to see that he has had a special attraction inthis house for some years past; and now that his position isestablished, he may have made up his mind to state his wishes.
i havelittle doubt what they will be, nor, i think, have you, so it lies withyou to decide the question."
maud laid down her bundle, and grasped the sides of the table to steadyher trembling hands.
"mother, i don't know--i'm not certain!
i have only thought at timesthat perhaps--perhaps he cared--""of course, dear.
i understand that.
he could not show his feelingstoo plainly while he was unprepared to speak.
that is all right, i'msure.
what you have to consider is your own attitude.
if you do notcare for him, or do not wish to be hurried into a decision, we willpostpone this visit until a future occasion.
he himself doubted whetheri could receive him so soon after our return, so that i can easily makean excuse.
on the other hand, maud, if you would like to see him--"she paused significantly, and looked full into maud's eyes.
for a longsilent minute that gaze continued, the mother sitting with raised head,the girl standing before her, flushed and shy, yet showing no sign ofshrinking before her scrutiny.
"yes, mother, i would.
i'd rather you let him come!"
a quiver passed over mrs rendell's face, and her eyes dropped.
nomother in the world can hear that her daughter's heart has gone beyondher keeping, without feeling a pang of pain mingling with the joy; andthis was a peculiarly tender mother, despite her little airs ofseverity.
there were a few minutes when she dared not trust herself tospeak, then she held out her hand and drew the girl to her side.
"bless you, my daughter!
my good girl--my dear, kind helper.
i'll missyou sorely; but i am glad of anything that makes for your happiness, nowand always.
you know that, don't you, darling?"
maud put down her head and shed a few tears of happiness and excitement,which had in them no trace of bitterness.
when the time arrived forleaving home, that would doubtless be a real trouble; but at present shecould not realise the wrench, while her mother's certainty concerningned's love was the best medicine possible for the doubts which had beenso distressing since the occasion of his last visit.
in ten minutes'time she returned to her work, with no stain of tear-marks to tell ofher recent emotion, but with a quiet illumination in her face whichsatisfied the mother that this attachment to ned talbot was no meregirlish fancy, but the deep faithful love which endures for a lifetime.
the important letter was posted, and the invitation which it containedaccepted by telegram within an hour of its arrival, and half fridaynight maud lay with wide, bright eyes staring through the darkness, tooexcited, too happy, to sleep.
ned arrived on saturday afternoon.
it was a glorious spring day, thesun shining so powerfully that for the first time in the year afternoontea was carried out to the summer-house, while the family gatheredaround on various garden stools and chairs.
they were hardly seatedwhen ned came walking across the lawn, a tall, handsome figure, in aspring-like suit, his dark face lit up with a smile of pleasure.
maudlooked at him, aglow with love and pride; but as he drew nearer shebusied herself with the teacups, and had only a casual word of welcometo offer.
it would not do to appear too glad, she told herself; andwhen there were so many, an individual greeting was hardly noticed, norwas there any opportunity for _tete-a-tete_ conversation.
when the tea-things had been carried away, however, and the girls beganto wander about the garden in twos and threes, maud found ned by herside, waiting for her, and allowing the others to walk on ahead.
shelooked up with a questioning glance, and met a smile of frank affection.
"well, have you finished your duties, and got five minutes' leisure foronce?
come along, and have a walk with me.
i never met such a girl forbeing busy all day long.
don't think i have ever seen you sitting withidle hands.
you remember jim's old nickname, `maud of all work'?
but he would have missed it badly if he had not had youto wait upon him.
i used to tell him i envied him such a sister!"
maud smiled vaguely and turned her head aside.
it was all very kind,very flattering, very friendly, yet somehow it failed to satisfy; andeven as she listened the old ache of uncertainty came back to her heart.
it was difficult to say why, unless perhaps it was that ned's mannerwas a little too friendly to be welcome.
in the old days he had notbeen so much at his ease; they had talked merrily enough together whilethe others were present, but so soon as they had been left alone aconstraint had been wont to fall upon them,--a silence, awkward,embarrassing, yet in some inexplicable way more eloquent than words.
maud thought of the past with a quick catching of breath, and throughthe whole of that afternoon and evening the vague depression deepened,and refused to be argued away.
ned, it was true, took advantage ofevery opportunity of being near her, yet the time had been when he hadseemed shy of approaching; and she preferred the shyness to this openfriendliness.
he talked to her more than to any one of her sisters,yes!
in frank, cheery words with unlowered voice, as a brother mighttalk to a sister, or a son to his mother.
he looked at her with kindlyaffection, and the look chilled her heart.
once again maud passed asleepless night, but the darkness was no longer illumined by rosydreams, but black with fear and dread.
sunday was a glorious day, and maud felt it another drop in her cup tobe obliged to wear winter clothes instead of blossoming out in thepretty spring costume which she had hoped to possess.
the dressmakerhad proved faithless, like the rest of her kind, and, being unable tofinish two dresses by the promised time, had followed her usual customand sent home the one destined for the younger sister; for, in spite ofher gentle manners, lilias had "a way with her" which carried infinitelymore weight than maud's good-natured placidity.
the sisters were standing in the hall providing themselves with hymn-books from the pile laid out on the top of the oak bench, when liliascame tripping downstairs in her pale grey draperies, a very incarnationof the beautiful spring morning.
maud looked at her with ungrudgingadmiration, then turned instinctively to see how ned in his turn wasaffected by the charming vision.
she saw him flash one quick glance atlilias, and immediately turn on his heel and walk to the other end ofthe hall, and throughout the walk to church she puzzled over the meaningof such behaviour.
why should the sight of lilias in her fresh beautydisturb ned's equanimity?
was it possible he had taken a dislike toher, or felt a masculine disdain for her innocent vanity?
maud honestlyhoped not; for, though she desired above all things to possess ned'slove for herself, it would be still necessary for her happiness that heshould accept as his own her five beloved sisters.
the day passed without any important developments.
maud went off toteach her sunday-school class in the afternoon, trying hard to conquerthe spasm of envy which overcame her at the sight of lilias seated inthe garden hammock, swinging herself to and fro on the tips of herlittle shoes, while ned mounted guard by her side, and agatha andchrissie paced lazily up and down.
maud was devoted to her "boys," buton this occasion there was no denying that it was an effort to tearherself from home, and she would gladly have welcomed a holiday.
herpath led through the garden, and as she approached the gate the hopeflitted through her mind that ned might offer to accompany her on herwalk.
it would be an opportunity for a quiet _tete-a-tete_, which wasrarely to be gained in the midst of such a large family; and if mrsrendell's surmises were correct, surely--surely!
but ned did not evenrise from his seat beside the hammock: he only waved his hand and noddedan unclouded farewell.
the twelve mischievous little boys behaved withunprecedented decorum that afternoon; for, in spite of their elfishways, they were devoted to maud, and the ringleader sent round animperative message to the effect that "teacher was bad, and must not beworried."
it was characteristic of maud also that she did not allow the lesson tosuffer because of her own depression, but rather put into it more thanthe usual earnestness.
she had always felt a heavy sense ofresponsibility in taking this class, and every week, as she looked atthe eager young faces, she was thrilled with a fresh longing to helpthem to grow up into strong, upright men, who would be a power for goodin the world,--"gentlemen of christ," as the grand old phrase has it.
when they were indifferent or callous, after the manner of boys, shestrengthened herself against disappointment by remembering how wordscommitted to memory in her own careless youth remained indelibly printedon the brain, to be a strength and solace in after years.
the hymns andchapters were learnt as lessons now, but in time to come their truemeaning would be revealed; and she loved to combat the suspicion thatthe bible was a dull, uninteresting book, by relating the histories ofits heroes in a manner most calculated to arouse schoolboy enthusiasm.
brave, lovable david, with his chosen friend jonathan, the type ofprincehood; the gloomy but majestic figure of saul, trustful abraham,and fearless daniel.
it was a joy to make them live in the boys'imagination, and see the bright interest on the listening faces!
when mrs rendell said good-night to her daughter, she was especiallytender in her manner, for she vaguely felt that all was not going well,and took herself to task for having forced a confidence.
could it be bethat she had taken too much for granted?
that her motherly pride hadgiven her an exaggerated idea of ned talbot's feelings?
he had shown noanxiety to speak to her in private, and at one time it seemed as if hewould go back to town without touching on any but impersonal topics; buton monday morning, after wandering restlessly about the house for sometime after breakfast, ned seemed suddenly to take his courage in bothhands, and, coming up to his hostess as she sat writing notes, beggedthe favour of a few minutes' private conversation.
mrs rendell looked up sharply, met an embarrassed yet steadfast glance,and felt a throb of relief.
"in ten minutes from now i shall have finishedmy household arrangements, and will meet you in the summer-house.
gointo the garden and enjoy a smoke until i come."
ned walked away obediently, and mrs rendell thrust the half-finishednote under her desk, too agitated to complete it.
she had shown nosigns of surprise to the young man himself, but her heart was beatingquickly, and she bundled away her writing materials in a haphazardfashion very unlike her usual methodical ways.
her first thought wasfor maud, and most of the ten minutes of ned's waiting were taken up ininterviewing the girl, and deputing to her a dozen little shoppingcommissions which would keep her occupied in the village for an hour tocome.
"i am going to have a talk with ned in the summer-house.
you will findus there when you return.
come straight to me, and tell me how you havesucceeded."
these were her last instructions, and when she had given them she turnedsharply aside, lest her face should betray the meaning that lay behindher words.
ned was waiting for her with an evident nervousness mingling with hisusual kindly courtesy.
he made no attempt to open the conversation withmeaningless commonplaces, and, after they were both seated, severalmoments passed in silence.
then suddenly the two pairs of eyes met; theyoung fellow flushed and paled, and laid a hand on his hostess's chairwith a boy-like pleading gesture.
"oh, mrs rendell," he cried, "i have a great favour to ask you!"
half an hour later, nan rendell let herself out of the front door, andran hurriedly down the steps.
her sailor hat was perched uncertainly onthe top of her heavy braids, the buttons of her jacket were unfastened,and she drew on her gloves as she walked, as if she had been in too muchhaste to finish dressing before leaving the house.
severalacquaintances saluted her as they passed, but she rushed alongunconscious of their greetings, and presently arrived at the point inthe high road where houses stopped and the little township began.
theshops which mrs rendell patronised were indiscriminately situated oneither side of the road, which no doubt accounted for nan's erraticdives to and fro.
she peered her head round the corner of the draper'sdoor, dashed across the road and craned through the grocer's window,stood on tip-toe to investigate the interior of the post office, thenran back once more, to interview the fishmonger, and ask if miss rendellhad yet called to leave the morning order.
it was in the confectioner'sthat maud was run to earth at last.
she was coming out of the doorwaycounting her change into her purse, when suddenly nan's face confrontedher, and she started back in surprise.
"yes, it's me.
i've been looking for you everywhere."
"but i thought your were going to work?
i left you hard at it.
said nan; and her looks justified the word, for hercheeks were pale, and her eyes looked worn and strained.
"i couldn'twork any longer.
i thought a little walk would do me good, so came outto meet you."
"but--er,"--maud hesitated uncertainly.
she did not wish to appearinconsiderate towards her beloved nan, but, remembering her mother'sinstruction, she could not bring herself to stay away from home longerthan was necessary.
she looked at her sister appealingly, and slid ahand through her arm.
"but--i've finished my shopping, dear, and mother said i was to gostraight back.
wouldn't it do just as well to sit in the garden?
youwould get the air without fatigue, and i'd make you so cosy in the deckchair.
you know, nan, i--i want to go back!"
nan turned her head aside, and spoke in a queer, muffled tone.
"very well; but we'll go round the back way.
it's only five minuteslonger, and it's quiet.
i don't want to meet any one.
you'll do thatto oblige me, won't you, maud, as you have finished your shopping?"
of course she would.
maud gave a little grip to her sister's arm, andturned willingly enough up the side street which led off the high road.
as in all small towns, the change from town to country came surprisinglyquickly.
three minutes' walk took the sisters into a pretty lanerunning parallel with the high street, and commanding a sweeping viewover the countryside.
here were no houses, only an avenue of beeches,with here and there a seat in a position of welcome shade.
maud oftenreturned home by this quieter route, and seated herself on one of thebenches to make up her accounts and enjoy the view at one and the sametime.
it was a favourite spot; but after this morning she could neverpass it without a shrinking of the heart, a sickly remembrance ofmisery.
at the first seat nan slackened her pace insinuatingly, whilemaud marched ahead, intentionally obtuse; but at the second a hand waslaid on her arm, and such a trembling voice besought her to stop, thatshe forgot herself in sympathetic alarm.
"nan, you _do_ look ill!
as white as a sheet.
lean forward and putyour head on your knee, as low as you can get it!
that is the bestthing to do if you feel faint.
sit still for a minute, and then we willmake another dash for home.
you ought to lie down!"
but nan sat bolt upright, clasping her fingers in nervous misery.
"i'm not faint.
i'm thinking of you, not myself!--maud darling; it'sbeen a mistake--we were all mistaken; but you are so good, you will bebrave for our sakes, if not your own.
it would break our hearts to seeyou suffer."
she stopped short with a little sob of agitation, and maud stared at herwith wondering eyes.
why should i suffer?"
then the colour rushed in a suddenwave to her cheeks, and her voice broke in the single, stifled inquiry,"ned?"
it is lilias!
he has asked mother for lilias.
she came upstairsand sent me out to meet you, so that you might not hear it suddenly.
she thought you would rather have it so."
"how kind of her!
that was good of you both!"
said maud calmly.
herheart had stopped for a moment, and was now beating away atextraordinary speed; a singing noise was in her ears: it was as if someone had dealt her a violent blow, and she was as yet too stunned torealise its nature.
she turned her head aside, and _gazed_ vaguely upand down.
a nursemaid wheeled a perambulator on the opposite pavement,while a little white-robed figure trotted at her side, tossing a ball inthe air.
maud watched her movements with fascinated gaze.
it seemed asthough some tremendous issue depended on whether the ball was caught inthose tiny, uncertain fingers.
"ned wants to marry lilias, does he?"
her voice sounded strange and faraway, and she noted as much, and pondered on the peculiarity.
"theywill make a handsome couple.
lilias is so fair.
she will look wellbeside him."
for pity's sake don't take it like that!"
the tears were raining down nan's cheeks, and she seized her sister'shand in a passionate grasp.
"i know all about it.
i am almost as wretched as you are.
don'tpretend to me.
say what you feel to me, at least, and it will help youto bear it."
"but i don't feel anything," said maud dully.
"it seems like a dream.
he loves lilias, and not me; he never loved me at all!
he hasbeen thinking of lilias all this time.
i thinkwhat i feel most is shame for my own conceit.
i have been deceivingmyself all along, and that is a miserable thought!
you should notsympathise with me, nan: you should scold me, and tell me to be ashamedof myself."
she spoke in the same dull, strangled note, and nan continued to cry andclasp her hand in distress.
"i could never do that, or be anything but proud of you, darling!
itwas no conceit at all on your part, for we all thought the same.
healways seemed to prefer being with you, and to be so shy and constrainedwith lilias.
i suppose that was a sign, but we did not recognise it.
even mother was sure it was you: every one was, except lilias."
maud gave a quick glance upward.
"did lilias guess?
did she know that this was coming?"
"i have not seen her; but from what mother said, i imagine she did."
"and she will--she cares for him too?"
it was a very low little yes, almost a whisper, but at the sound of itmaud shrank as at a blow, and her face became drawn with pain.
for thefirst time a realisation of what the news meant, broke upon her, and shecried aloud in a voice sharp with misery--"they will be engaged; they will be married; and i shall have to stay athome and look on!
i shall have to take part, and pretend that i don'tcare.
oh, i can't--i can't do it!
if it had been some one at adistance, some one i need never have seen, i could have borne it; but myown sister, living in the same house together all day long--that is toobitter!
i'd rather die than face it!"
"then i'll die too!"
cried nan hotly.
"whether ned cares for you ornot, you are all the world to me.
you don't know how i love you, maud!
it would have broken my heart if you had married and gone away, and inever want to marry myself, if you and i can live together.
no mancould make up for you.
i hate them all!
nothing but miserywherever they come.
i'll never fall in love, and you'll get over thisin a few months, and we will look forward to having our own littlehouse, and growing old together,--won't we, darling?"
"yes, we will," assented maud meekly.
she looked at her sister andtried hard to smile; but the prospect seemed so dull--oh, so heart-breakingly dull!--after the rosy dreams of the past, that what was meantas comfort proved, after all, the last strain which was to break downher composure.
she threw up her hands to her face, and rocked to and fro in anabandonment of distress.
"oh--oh, the days, and weeks, and months!
they will be so long; i can'trealise it yet, but i know how i shall suffer.
oh, nan, isn't it hard,after being so happy--after feeling so sure?
i never had a doubt allthese years except just this last week, and then i thought it was my ownfoolish imagining;--and now to have it end like this!
i can't believeit!
are you sure, are you quite sure?
it seems like a hideousmistake!"
nan shook her head, and her face hardened.
"there's no mistake on my part, but there's one on his, and a big onetoo.
he'll find it out, that's one comfort!
he'll suffer for it!
ifhe thinks lilias is going to be the sort of wife he needs, he'll findout his mistake.
he thinks himself well off because he has a fewhundreds a year, and is as proud as a king because he has a house of hisown in a dull little country town.
lilias's ideas of poverty and his ofwealth will come to much the same thing.
she hates the country, andflies off to town at the least excuse.
ned is quiet and book-wormy; andshe wants some one who is fond of life, and likes gadding about.
theydon't suit each other in any one way that i can see, and before a yearis over they will have found it out for themselves.
then he will besorry!"
maud cut her short with uplifted hand.
"don't, nan; you make it worse!
you mean to be kind, but it doesn'tcomfort me to think that he will be disappointed.
i love him, you see;and i can't change in a moment because i discover that he doesn't carefor me.
i want him to be happy.
it would make me more miserable thanever if i thought it was a mistake.
you are too hard on lilias.
she isvery sweet and amiable, and if she really loves him she will not mindlittle things like that.
we never spoke about him together, she and i,and she has only done what i did myself.
no one is to blame--no one!
it was my own foolish mistake, and i must bear the consequences."
"you are an angel, and too good to live!"
cried nan, with a gulp.
"iblame everybody, and myself worst of all.
prided myself on being sharp-sighted, and couldn't save you from a blow like this!
...  maud, youdon't want to go home?
you would rather not see him this morning?
mother said she would give no definite answer before talking to father,but would let him see lilias for half an hour, and then pack him off bythe midday train.
she was going to tell him that under thecircumstances she would prefer that he did not stay to lunch, so therewould seem nothing strange about it if you and i were not back before heleft."
"no," agreed maud softly.
she drew her watch from her belt and lookedat the hour.
"perhaps you are right, nan.
it would be better not totry my strength too much this morning.
in a day or two i shall havegained a little courage, but this morning i--i've had rather a shock,and feel weak and nervous.
we will sit here and wait until he is gone."
"wouldn't you rather come for a walk?
the time seems so long when youare sitting still.
a nice brisk walk through the woods!"
suggested naninsinuatingly; but maud drew back with a quiver of pain.
not this morning!
i should remember it always.
every step ofthe path would bring back this wretched day in the future, and i do solove the woods.
let me keep them free from association, at least.
itwill be bad enough to dread this road, as i always shall after this."
"just as you like, dear, just as you like; but what will you do?
youcan't sit still and think all the time!"
"i'll make up my accounts," said maud simply; and, despite her sister'scry of protest, she insisted on doing as she said.
pencil and note-bookcame out of her pocket, and one item after another of the morning'sshopping was jotted down, and the result compared with the change in thehousekeeping purse.
how could she do it?
nan tried to imagine how she herself would haveacted in similar circumstances, and felt her heart beat fast at thepossibility.
rage, storm, despair; drown herself in the nearest stream;lie down beneath the express train; bid farewell to the world, andretire into a nunnery.
all these alternatives seemed natural and easy;she could imagine taking refuge in any one of them.
but to go on withordinary, everyday work, to take up the "next duty" and perform it inquiet, conscientious fashion--that was impossible!--the last thing inthe world that she could bring herself to do.
she did not realise that the bent of a lifetime is not reversed in amoment, and that even the pangs of slighted love must be borne accordingto the temperament of the sufferer.
dear, placid, domesticated maudfound her best medicine in the "trivial round, the common task."
nan, looking over her shoulder, saw that the little rows of figures wereas neat and accurate as ever, and caught a sigh of satisfaction whenthey were added together, and the change in the housekeeping purse wasproved correct.
even in the midst of her distress, maud was consciousof a distinct sense of satisfaction in balancing her accounts to apenny.
the remaining hours of that day were the most painful which maud hadever known.
the sisters returned to find the household in a state ofwild excitement, for such secrets seemed to leak out in the air, so thatthe very servants suspected the truth, and walked about the house withcurious smiles.
the housemaid confided to the cook that the missis hadcome in from the garden all of a tremble; had replied, "yes!
when asked for instructions, and had then sent miss liliasto see mr talbot in the drawing-room all by her very own self.
whatdid that mean, she would like to know?
and cook shook her head, andsaid it wasn't for nothing she had fallen up the cellar stairs the weekbefore; and a very good thing too, if one of them did go off!
whenthere were six of them waiting for their turns, the elders ought tohurry up and make room.
mary, the waitress, shed tears over her silverin the pantry, because there was a look about the back of mr talbot'shead that reminded her of her young man, who had gone abroad to preparea home; and all three flattened their noses against the window when neddeparted, in the hope of witnessing a tender and affecting farewell.
they were disappointed, however, for lilias did not leave the drawing-room, and only mrs rendell accompanied the young man to the door.
shehad put on her bonnet, and followed him slowly down the road, forordinary duties must be attended to, even on the exciting occasion ofthe first engagement in the family, and on this particular morning therehappened to be a committee meeting at the vicarage, which she felt boundto attend.
when maud returned, therefore, only her sisters were at home to receiveher, and she had barely entered the house before agatha rushed forward,flushed and beaming, and drew her forcibly into the drawing-room.
"maud, maud, such news!
have you heard?
did nan tellyou?
isn't it lovely?
the first engagement!
oh, how i have longed tohave a wedding in the family, and now it's really coming off!
it's toogood to be true!
ned talbot, too!
such a scrumptious brother!
ialways hoped he'd ask one of us, but i thought it was you.
i said to chrissie--""it was very bold and interfering of you to say anything of the sort,then; what business have you meddling with other people's love affairs?"
interrupted elsie sharply; and maud glanced at her, and turned awayquickly to avoid a look of sympathetic understanding.
elsie was oldbeyond her years, and had been quick to understand the true position ofaffairs; but maud hardly knew which was more painful--agatha's tactlessspeeches, or the other's undisguised commiseration.
it was a relief toturn to lilias and meet her lovely eyes, guilelessly free from anyfeeling but her own happiness.
lilias had little natural insight, andwas, besides, so wrapped up in her own interests, that she was as blindas a bat to what was passing around.
she came forward, smiling andblushing, and maud kissed her, as was expected, and murmured words ofcongratulation, feeling meantime that this very unconsciousness would beher greatest assistance in the difficult time to come.
"i've heard all about it, lilias.
i hope you will be very happy.
it isreally all settled, and you are engaged?"
not formally, i mean.
mother won't consent to anythingdefinite until she has consulted with father; but, of course, we,"--lilias dimpled and smiled seraphically over the unaccustomed word--"wefeel that it is settled.
we are quite sure of ourselves, at least."
"then i'd get married as soon as you could if i were you, in case youchanged," said agatha darkly.
"you do change most awfully, lilias, youknow.
when you bought your last hat you said it was a `simple love,'and the next month you pulled it all to pieces.
and you used to adorefanny newby, and now you go out of the side door when you see hercoming.
get married in summer and have a rose wedding, and we'll all bebridesmaids.
i pine to be a bridesmaid, with everything new from headto foot, and no nasty old clothes to wear out.
that's the worst ofbeing number five!
i never have everything new at once.
there's alwaysa hat, or a jacket, or a blouse that has to be finished off.
let's sitdown and talk about it now!
there's half an hour before lunch, and it'simpossible to do any work.
maud, sit down and take off your hat, andlet's be comfy!"
"no, she can't.
i want her!
i don't care who is going to be married;i'm ill, and i want maud to nurse me.
my head is smashing.
i believeit's sunstroke, for i sat out yesterday without a hat.
i shall go crazyin a moment if somebody doesn't do something!"
cried nan loudly; and hersisters stared in dismay at her flushed, heated face.
it was so evidentthat she was in pain that even agatha submitted to a postponement of thelonged-for "talk," and the conclave broke up for the time being, thesisters separating, to go off in various directions: lilias to be pettedand cross-questioned by the two schoolgirls; elsie to indite amelancholy entry in her diary, beginning, "yet another example of thestrange intermingling of joy and pain": and maud to lead nan to her ownroom, and devote herself to the work of nursing, at which she was soclever.
perhaps nan's head was really aching, perhaps the morning'sexcitement had brought on an attack of neuralgia, but whatever herailment, she certainly made the worst of it, groaning and rolling hereyes to the ceiling as one in mortal agony; for she was wise enough torealise that nothing would take maud so much out of herself as thenecessity of waiting upon another.
when mrs rendell entered the room, and recognised the odours of eau-de-cologne, menthol, and sal volatile, her first thought was of poorbrokenhearted maud; but, behold!
it was maud who was playing doctor, andbuxom nan who lay prone upon the bed.
a few inquiries and expressions of sympathy were spoken, and then agesture bade maud follow into another room.
she went, shrinking fromthe ordeal, yet longing to have it over, and for a few minutes motherand daughter gazed at one another in silence.
the girl's face was graveand set, but self-composed in comparison with that of mrs rendell,which was quivering with distress.
"my dear child!
what can i say to you?
i can never forgive myself formy part in this disappointment.
i should not have spoken as i did theother day, but i thought at the time that it was the right thing to do,and i had no doubts on the subject.
what can i do to help you, dear,through this difficult time?"
"speak as little as possible about it, mother, please," said maudsoftly.
she pressed her lips together, wincing with pain, and mrsrendell's eyes flashed a look of approval in reply.
of spartan bravery herself, it delighted her to see her daughter bracingherself up to bear her trouble without useless outcry and repining.
"i quite agree, darling," she said warmly.
"after to-day we will nevermention the subject; but there are one or two things which must be saidfirst.
to begin with, ned has no suspicion of our mistake.
i took careof that; and it may help you to know that, after all, we were not sovery far from the truth.
he spoke quite openly, and it seems that forthe first two or three years you were the attraction!
he said he hadbeen sincerely attached to you, but that he saw you regarded him simplyas a friend.
then lilias came home, with her more demonstrative ways;he turned to her for comfort, and now,"--she stopped with a littleeloquent gesture, while maud gave a groan of pain.
"oh, mother, that is hard--to think that it came so near, and that ispoiled my life by my own mistake!
i suppose my very anxiety not toshow how much i cared made me seem stiff and constrained; but i nevermeant him to take it in that way.
it makes it worse than ever, and yeti'm glad too.
it's a comfort to feel it was not all imagination."
"i thought you would feel it so; that is why i told you.
but you mustnot talk of your life being spoiled, dear.
these are early days, and ihope there are many, many blessings which still remain open to you.
itis a great mistake to think that marriage is the only gate to happiness.
a single woman may have a most full and useful life."
assented maud dutifully.
her heart died downwithin her as she spoke, and her thoughts flew away to old mary robinsin her lodging, and miss evans in her stuffy little cottage, and shewondered if it were really, really possible that she--maud rendell--could ever grow like them, and feel satisfied with the duties andpleasures which constituted their lives!
"full and useful!"
it soundedestimable enough; but her young heart hungered for happiness also, andat the moment that seemed lost for ever.
the downcast face was sopitiful that the tears came into mrs rendell's eyes as she watched it.
"don't think of the future, dear," she said fondly.
"take each day asit comes, and try to bear it bravely, and i'll help you in every way ican.
ned will come down pretty often, for i must consider lilias aswell as you, and we cannot consent to have a formal engagement untilthey know each other more intimately than at present; but it will not beso hard as you expect.
you must be at home sometimes, for the lastthing we want to do is to arouse suspicion; but i will arrange that youhave as many changes as possible; and in any way that i can help i am atyour service, dear, if you will only let me know!"
"thank you, mother," said maud again, and made a little involuntarymovement towards the door, whereupon mrs rendell dismissed her, after alingering embrace.
she saw that it was misery to the girl to discussher disappointment, and realised that it would be the truest kindness toallow the subject to drop.
it was only natural that maud should find iteasier to talk to a friend of her own age, and nan would be able to helpmore than any one else in these first painful days.
later on her ownturn would come; and all day long the mother's mind was busy weavingplans by which maud could be shielded from suffering, and her life madebright and interesting during the months ahead.
lessons came off badly that afternoon, for the girls were too muchabsorbed in the excitement of the prospective wedding to be able to fixtheir attention on the problems of arithmetic and geography.
when thegreat problem of the hour was to decide the number of bridesmaids andwhat kind of frocks they should wear, how could they be expected to feelany interest in discovering how many yards of paper it would take tocover the walls of a problematical chamber, or in describing theeccentricities of the gulf stream?
miss roberts realised theimpossibility of the situation, and shortened the hours in consideratefashion; and no sooner had she taken her departure than the three girlsrushed to the porch-room, surrounded lilias in a whirlwind ofexcitement, and dragged her to a chair in their midst.
"at last we can talk!
such a pity nan is ill, and won't let maud leavethe room; but we can have it all over again with them to-morrow.
i feel as if i could talk for ever!
oh, lilias, how do you feel?
if iwere engaged, i don't know what would happen to me!
i should go stark,staring mad with excitement."
"how nice for him!
you would have another person to consider then,remember," said lilias prettily.
"i am not at all inclined to go mad,though i am certainly very much excited.
it is difficult to describe myfeelings.
i can't realise it yet, and feel all--""jumbled up!"
suggested agatha sympathetically.
"of course you do.
oh, lil, do have them in yellow!
i've been thinkingabout it all the afternoon, and i think yellow would be sw-eet!
withbouquets of daffodils!
very few people have yellow, and it would be souncommon, and make us look much paler too.
i shall have a face like abeetroot with excitement; i know i shall."
and how should i look, i'd like to know?"
"sea green, my dear.
i'm sallow enough as it is,but imagine my appearance in a yellow dress!
i should present ashocking spectacle!
nothing is so nice as pink: it suits every one, andis so bright and pretty.
pink silk dresses, with leghorn hats."
elsie grimaced in disapproving fashion.
every one has pink.
we must have something altogetherunique and striking.
no use deciding now, for we will change our mindsa dozen times before the time arrives.
when are you to be married,lilias?
what is the date?"
"my dear, i've no notion!
i am not even properly engaged yet, so howcould we begin talking about marriage?
i believe we are to be put onprobation for some months, so it will certainly not be this year at anyrate."
"what a bore!
i'm longing to stay with you in your own house.
it's myidea of happiness to go and stay with you girls when you are married.
you will ask us all in turns, won't you?
i'd like to come withchrissie; and then, if you and ned get too affectionate, we can amuseourselves in another room.
it will be lovely having no grown-up personin the house.
oh, well, of course, you are grown-up, if it comes tothat, but only young grown-up, and that makes all the difference.
youwon't make us do things because they are `good for us'--send us a walkwhen we don't feel inclined, for instance, or to bed early, or make useat `good plain food.'
when i come to stay with you, i should likenever to go out unless i have something special to do, and to have teafor lunch, and nice rich cake, and laze about from morning till night,just as i felt disposed."
"and you'll ask people to meet us, won't you, lil, and take us about,and give us all your old gloves and ribbons?
marie elder's sister isengaged, and he won't let her wear any gloves that are the l-east littlebit soiled; so marie gets them all.
i hope ned will be fussy about yourthings, too.
what shall you call your house?
i hope it's a nice one.
florrie elder is going to have a blue drawing-room, and marie is workingher a cushion of the most ex-quisite ribbon-work you ever did see.
florrie says she would quarrel with her nearest and dearest if he daredto lean against it.
if you like, i'll ask her for the pattern, and doone for you.
it wouldn't matter having them the same, when you live sofar apart."
"what will jim say?
ned and he vowed that they would be bachelors alltheir lives, and live together when they were old.
now he will beobliged to marry himself, in revenge.
how i shall detest the girl!
shewon't be half nice enough for him, and he will like her better than us,and that will be horribly exasperating.
i don't envy her when he bringsher to see us, that's all!
six sisters all glaring at her in a row, andsaying to themselves, `i don't like her nose!'
`i don't like her eyes!'
`what a hat!'
`however could he fall in love with her!'
and motherall icy kind, and father smirking behind his moustache.
that's whatwill happen to you one of these days, lilias, when you go north, `onview,' to ned's people."
lilias rolled her eyes, and affected to tear her hair in despair.
i pray you, don't!
i shall die with nervousness.
his parents are reserved and undemonstrative, like mostnorth-country people, he says, but are very tender-hearted at bottom.
that means, i suppose, that they would be stiff and polite all the timei was there, and begin slowly to unbend just as i was coming away.
frederica, the girl, goes in for higher education, and doesn't care abit about going about with other girls.
i know they will bedisappointed with me.
ned is so silly, and he is sure to tell them."
--she stopped, sweetly simpering, and the hearers had little difficulty inguessing what it was that ned would tell his people.
he would say thathis _fiancee_ was the loveliest girl in the world; that she had hairlike spun gold, a complexion of milk and roses, and eyes soft and dewyas a violet.
then lilias would arrive in person, and his people wouldthink that he had not said half enough.
each of the three hearers had avision of lilias advancing to meet the new relatives with lifted eyes,and a smile that would melt a heart of stone; each one saw inimagination the sudden thaw on the watching faces, and beheld liliasinstalled forthwith as the pride and darling of the household.
theysmiled at one another in furtive amusement, but discreetly avoidedputting their thoughts into words, for lilias fished so transparentlyfor compliments, that it had become an unspoken law never on anycondition to encourage her by giving the desired assurance.
agatha turned aside to hide her amusement, and, the next moment, gave ajump of astonishment.
for your lives don't look out of the window!
sit where you are, and go on talking.
my dears, he is watching us!
i distinctly saw him lean forward and stare across.
he is inthe room directly opposite, and he dodged back the moment i looked.
fancy his being as much interested in us as we are in him!
"we must look very ridiculous, sitting here in a row, chattering andwaving our hands as if we were mad.
i don't wonder he stared, but i dowant to stare back.
let us take it in turns to peep beneath oureyelashes, while the others go on talking," suggested elsie; and theproposal was carried out forthwith, each girl watching till the covetedglimpse had been obtained, and informing her companions of her successby groans and exclamations.
"i see him, i do!
he is staring across.
he looks very ill.  his hairis quite white.
poor old man, how dull he must be!"
when it came to chrissie's turn she stared across with undisguisedcuriosity, and refused to accept her sisters' reproaches when the whitehead was hurriedly withdrawn from view.
"i was the last!
you had all had your turns, so i have not deprived youof anything," she maintained.
"i only meant to smile at him in a kind,neighbourly fashion.
he will look out again in a few minutes, neverfear!"
but mr vanburgh's face appeared no more at the window, and it seemed asif the knowledge that he had been observed had been so unwelcome as toput an end to his scrutiny.
the girls could only comfort themselveswith the remembrance that their mother had promised to call at thegrange during the next few weeks, when, no doubt, first-hand informationwould be forthcoming about its occupant.
after due consultation, mr and mrs rendell decided to sanction aprivate engagement between lilias and ned talbot for a year to come,with the understanding that if the young people remained of the samemind, no objection would then be put in the way of their speedymarriage; and as they would be allowed to correspond, and to meet asoften as opportunity offered, the decision was received withsatisfaction by the lovers.
lilias complacently settled to be marriedin fifteen months' time, and was resigned to a probation sweetened bythe receipt of constant letters, presents, and adulation; while ned,with characteristic honesty, confessed in his own heart that he had novery deep acquaintance with his beloved's character, and that he couldnot be better employed than in the study of the same.
lilias'sexquisite girlish beauty had so dazzled his senses, that he had been shyand ill at ease in her presence, and their conversations together hadbeen of the lightest, most impersonal nature.
it would be an entrancingoccupation to discover all the hidden charms possessed by this sweetestof created beings; for, like most young men, ned was convinced that alovely body must needs be an index to a lovely mind, and that beauty offace was but a reflection from the soul within.
every month that passedwould draw lilias and himself more closely together, as each came toknow and understand the depths of the other's nature.
so ned toldhimself happily, as he came down to thurston house for his first visitin the new character, a week after the all-important interview.
lilias met him at the door, and led him into the drawing-room, allfragrant with spring flowers and plants.
she looked like a flowerherself, with her soft pink and white colouring, and to the last day ofhis life ned talbot could never inhale the fragrance of a narcissus or ahyacinth without a spasm of painful remembrance.
it brought back sovividly the intoxicating joy of that meeting.
they talked together inlover-like fashion, lilias alternately shy and reticent, and queening itover him with absurd little airs of authority, at which he laughed witha lover's delight, until presently a tap came to the door, and agatha'sface peeped round the corner to announce that tea had been taken out tothe garden, and to ask if the lovers would rather come out, or, have itsent to them indoors.
"here, please," said lilias.
"oh, we'll come out certainly," cried ned in the same moment, and thenturned to her with a smile of apology.
"if you don't mind, dear!
i want to see maud.
she was out when i leftthe other day, you remember, and i can't feel that i am really receivedinto the family until maud has given me her blessing."
"just as you wish, of course.
it does seem a pity to stay indoors whenthe weather is so glorious!"
assented lilias readily.
though inwardlyannoyed that she should have appeared more anxious than ned for anextension of their _tete-a-tete_, she was far too proud to show hervexation.
nothing could have appeared more ready or more natural thanthe manner in which she rose from her seat and slipped her hand throughagatha's arm; but even while she smiled and chatted she was registeringa vow to punish mr ned on the first opportunity.
out in the garden maud sat, busying herself with the teacups and nervingherself to face the dreaded moment, as footsteps approached nearer andnearer her seat.
cried ned, and gripped her hand with affectionate fervour, "iwas longing to see you.
it seemed too bad going away without a wordfrom you the other day.
we have so much to say to one another!"
"yes, indeed; but meantime i must pour out the tea!
are you going tomake yourself useful and hand round the cups?"
replied a laughing, self-possessed voice, which maud hardly recognised as her own.
it was easierto play a part than she had expected: the looking forward had been worsethan the reality; and, as she met her mother's smile and nan's approvingglance, she even began to feel a dreary pride in her own composure.
lilias had seated herself between two of her sisters, an intentionalrevenge for the slight which she considered herself to have received,and ned was therefore left free to devote himself to his old friend.
"of course you saw--you knew what was coming," he whisperedconfidentially, when the general conversation made it possible toexchange a quiet remark.
"i realised that i gave myself away by myawkwardness and stupidity whenever she was present, but i was powerlessto prevent it.
and you were so good to me, maud, always doing your bestto help and make things easy.
i can never be grateful enough for yourfriendship.
i am so thankful to feel that you are at home still.
itseems an assurance of safety; for you'll look after her, and see thatshe gets into no danger through all this long year of waiting."
he looked at her appealingly, and she gave a forced little laugh.
"oh yes, i'll ward off the beasts of prey.
there are so many, you know,roving about this sleepy place.
she will meet so many dangers!"
"don't laugh at me!
i can't help being anxious.
she is so young andchild-like, and there are dangers everywhere.
i shall think of them when i am far away, and worry myselfto death.
but you are a bulwark of strength, maud, and if you will takeher in charge--"maud laughed again.
it seemed so ridiculous to think of any of hersisters promising to take lilias in charge!
lilias, the most cool-headed, independent, and self-confident member of the family.
she wasinfinitely more capable of taking care of the whole family than thefamily was of influencing her movements; but ned could not be expectedto realise as much, and he was obviously wounded by the absence ofexpected sympathy.
an exclamation from christabel, calling attention to kitty maitland'sfigure crossing the lawn, came as a welcome interruption, and ned tookthe opportunity to cross to a seat on the other side of the group, whilemaud watched his departure with mingled relief and concern.
"he thinks i am hard and prosaic, and is disappointed in me.
he won't confide his rhapsodies in my ear any more, and thatwould be really more than i could bear.
the old days are over, and hemust look elsewhere for sympathy."
meantime kitty had seated herself on the grass, and was proceeding toaccount for her appearance.
"please i hope you don't object to my coming back so soon!
mummy hasgone with father to call on mr vanburgh, and i walked with them to thegrange, and came in here to wait until she comes out.
she put on allher new things, and looks a perfect duck.
i expect he will like herawfully, and i told her to introduce my name into the conversation asoften as possible.
`my daughter likes this'; `my daughter likes that';`as my little girl says to me';--that sort of thing, don't you know,just to attract his attention.
perhaps he will tell her to bring mewith her next time she calls, or even ask me to tea by myself.
he mayhave nieces or grandchildren who will come to stay, and then it would beuseful to know a girl in the neighbourhood.
i think he is certain toask me--""mother!"
interrupted chrissie shrilly; and her voice was so sharp withdistress that every one stopped talking, to listen to what she had tosay.
"mother, mrs maitland has gone to see mr vanburgh before you!
iasked you to go!
i had set my heart on your being the first caller; andnow it's too late, and you can only be second.
i told you so!
i _said_how it would be!"
mrs rendell lifted her brows with the little surprised air of reproofwhich chrissie knew so well.
"i regret to have disappointed you, my dear," she replied, withelaborate politeness; "but i fear i should hardly have been the firstcaller, even if i had gone the day after my return, and i have been toomuch occupied this week to pay outside visits.
i am sure you will bedelighted to hear mrs maitland's report, and will not grudge kitty thepleasure, if she makes mr vanburgh's acquaintance before yourself."
chrissie collapsed into silence; but, veiled by her thickly-flowinghair, she grimaced to herself and scowled at her friend, who wasregarding her with that air of enjoyment which it is impossible not tofeel when a companion receives a nice little snub for her pains!
agatha and elsie had already begun to invent forecasts of the news whichmrs maitland would have to tell, when, to the amazement of all, whoshould appear round the corner of the house but that lady herself!
shecarried her card-case in her hand, and waved her hand in greeting; but,for once in their lives, the girls were too much overcome with surpriseto respond.
back already, when she had barely had time to go up to the door andretrace her steps!
what did it mean?
not at home?
but mr vanburghwas always at home.
according to report, his farthest expedition wasinto the garden, where surely he would be able to receive a visitor on abright spring afternoon.
surprise held them dumb, until mrs maitlandhad reached speaking distance, when, with one accord, they deafened herwith inquiries, to which she did her best to reply after the firstgreetings were over.
"how do you do, mrs rendell?
good afternoon, mr talbot.
i am one ofthe privileged _few_ who have been told your secret, and i wish youevery happiness, and dear lilias also.
i tell every engaged couple imeet that i hope they may only be as happy as i am.
my dear children,don't pull me to pieces; this is my very best dress!
i'll tell you allabout it in a minute.
i am so glad to have this opportunity of seeingyou all together, for i was longing to come over.
may i sit here?
well, then, to begin at the beginning..."she put her card-case on her lap, and clasped her hands together inpreparation, and the girls watched her with approving eyes, for mrsmaitland was a most satisfactory story-teller.
she began at thebeginning--the very smallest possible beginning--instead of halfwaythrough the narrative, as other grown-up people had a habit of doing,and went straight through to the end, noticing every detail, anddescribing it in racy, picturesque language.
"well, we went up to the door and rang the bell.
it is not an ordinaryeveryday bell, but a quaint, wrought-iron handle, hanging on a chainfrom a sort of signpost arrangement, and i could hear it pealing away inmost melodious fashion inside the house.
the curtain inside the glasspanels of the door was caught slightly back, and i could get a peep intothe vestibule.
the oak has been left untouched, and there are palms oneither side sunk into great pots of copper with snakes and dragons andall kinds of uncanny animals standing out in relief.
i was stillpeering through when the inner door was thrown open, and the butlerappeared, upon which i straightened myself at once, and tried to lookstately and dignified.
i had just one minute to take in the inner hall,so cannot tell you much about it, except that it is a perfect museum ofwonderful and beautiful things--pieces of tapestry hung on the walls,carved oak cabinets full of curios, a figure of a knight in armour, andcurious eastern-looking lamps burning dimly in the distance; but thebutler looked so very solemn and imposing that i dared not stare as muchas i should have liked.
`is mr vanburgh at home?'
i asked; and heinclined his head in a gracious bow.
`he is at home, madam, but is notreceiving visitors.'
i drew out my cards, and said, `i am sorry to missseeing him.
i hope he is not more unwell than usual to-day?'
he bowedagain, like a mechanical figure, and said, `mr vanburgh charges me tosay, madam, that as he is unable to return visits, he must deprivehimself of the pleasure of receiving them while in waybourne.'
i neverfelt so small in my life.
dismissed on the doorstep, and sent away likea child!
i don't know how i looked, or what i said.
my one idea was toget out of the man's sight as quickly as possible; and the door had nosooner closed on him than i began dreading kit's disappointment.
it wasa most trying experience!
father has gone for a walk, and i came in tobreak the news to you!"
she looked appealingly at kitty as she finished, and met a glance ofblackest gloom.
this was indeed a blow.
not only were there no missvanburghs, but the only vanburgh who was left refused to open his doorto visitors!
cried chrissie; and agatha struck her hands together indespair.
"there ought to be a law about it--a law to prevent hermits from buyingthe best houses in a neighbourhood.
does he mean to say that he willsee nobody?"
"perhaps he didn't know who you were, mrsmaitland.
he takes an interest in us, we know, for we have _seen_ himstaring across.
perhaps if he had known you belonged to kitty, it mighthave been different.
mother, you will go all the same, won't you?
youwon't give up without trying?"
mrs rendell shrugged her shoulders.
"i am not particularly anxious to be turned away from the door, and isee no reason why i should be treated better than mrs maitland.
theservant is evidently entrusted with a general message.
i think the bestthing will be to send father across on saturday afternoon, to see if therule applies to ladies only.
if mr vanburgh really wants to be quiet,we can't force ourselves upon him.
i am sorry the grange is not let tomore interesting people, but we must make the best of it.
it hasevidently been chosen as a museum in which to store a collection of arttreasures, and, after all, you must remember it is no more closed to usnow than it has been for years past."
"dear me, no!
we can live without the grange, i hope.
let the poor olddear shut himself up if he likes.
he will be the loser, not we!"
criedmrs maitland, laughing.
that was the worst of grown-up people!
theywere so aggravatingly reasonable and resigned!
after a storm comes a calm.
as in nature, so in the affairs of humanlife, and the rendells found another example of the truth of the oldadage in the month following lilias's engagement.
nothing seemed tohappen; even the interest which had been taken in the new occupant ofthe grange died away after mr rendell's failure to gain admission, andone day jog--trotted away after another in monotonous fashion.
they were dreary days to maud, but at the end of even the longest anddreariest she acknowledged to herself that the battle was not sohopeless as she had expected.
the trouble was there, the difficultmoments arose, the quick stabs of pain following happy memories, but sheherself was strengthened to bear them in a manner which she could nothave believed possible.
maud was one of the sweet, open characters whoare religious by nature; but though she had asked for god's help everynight of her life, she had never been conscious of its presence in suchabundance as in this hour of trial.
it almost awed her at times torealise her own strength, and this testing of the power of faith was aray of light shining out of the darkness.
passages from the bible whichshe had known all her life became suddenly instinct with new andwonderful meaning; the words of christ went straight home to her soreheart and comforted it as no earthly power could do.
the new communionhad a joy and a sweetness which she had never known before, and hercharacter grew daily stronger and deeper under the influence of sorrownobly borne.
her mother's tenderness, moreover, manifested itself in ahundred little schemes for her distraction, and nan's demonstrativeaffection heartened her for the fight.
the world was not all lostbecause ned had chosen another; and, so far from neglecting her oldduties, maud worked away more industriously than ever, finding her bestmedicine in a busy, occupied life.
ned talbot had gone back to the north, whence he could not return fortwo months to come, and lilias settled down contentedly to play theinteresting part of the _fiancee_.
she did not fret for her lover, butseemed abundantly content to receive his letters, and pen lengthyanswers; and though the date of her marriage was so far ahead, she beganat once to make preparations for her future home.
one rainy afternoonshe shut herself in her bedroom, and rearranged all her belongings,leaving the lowest drawer in the wardrobe empty, and covered with freshwhite paper.
then she wrote something at her desk, lingered outside thedoor for a minute, and finally rejoined her sisters, with a mischievoussmile curving the corners of her pretty lips.
presently chrissie ran upstairs on some trifling errand, and came to astand-still on the landing, uttering sharp cries of surprise; thenagatha followed to discover the cause of the excitement, and guffawedwith laughter, when nan and elsie jumped from their chairs and ranhelter-skelter in pursuit.
they found the two younger girls leaning upagainst the wall, staring at the door of lilias's room, on the centre ofwhich was tacked a square of paper, neatly lined and lettered:--notice!
to all whom it may concern.
miss lilias rendell desires to inform her friends and the public  generally that she has just opened a bottom drawer, and that every  description of household goods, useful and ornamental, will be  gratefully accepted towards the furnishing of her future home.
_nb_--carved oak articles especially welcome!
"that's one for me!"
cried nan, grimacing.
"what is your especialfancy, my love--a side-board or a dining-room table?
don't be bashful,pray!
aim at the sky, and you may succeed in hitting the tree.
ishouldn't wonder if i rose to a milking-stool, if you asked me nicely."
"and i'll work you a kettle-holder, sweet one, as soon as the sale isover, and chrissie a--""twine bag," said chrissie, simpering; "but until july you might as wellgive up the idea, lilias.
every moment we have, we must use for sale-work, and every penny we can save in to the bargain.
we can't attend toyou just yet."
"i thought perhaps you might start me with a few contributions from thethings you have made," said modest lilias.
"the drawer looks lonesomewith nothing in it, and i've made it so tidy!
it would be a comfortablehome for that little blue cushion, and the mats with the roses.
and youwould never miss them!"
"wouldn't we just?
the very best things we have!
it is a pity yourmodesty doesn't equal your taste.
i should miss the smallest thing wehave made; and whenever i get low-spirited, i turn them all out of thebox and gloat over the collection--eleven pin-cushions, three sets ofmats, a table centre, three work-bags, two handkerchief sachets, sixbabies' shoes, and a nice wool shawl!
it's not bad for a start, andthere are lots of things on hand, besides nan's carving and brass-work.
it would be like tearing my heart out of my body to give anything away,and i don't think it would be at all a nice idea to start yourcollection by stealing from the poor!"
lilias looked appalled at the suggestion, but all the same she was nottoo much shocked to seize on the chance of future spoils.
"agatha, how can you?
i am the last person in the world to think ofsuch a thing.
i suggested the sale, remember; you would not have had itat all but for me; but how could a little thing like a pin-cushion becalled a theft?
however, it's all right; don't give them me at presentif you would rather not.
after the sale there are sure to be somethings left, and then--you would not mind giving them to me then, isuppose?"
at least i am quite willing if the others are," saidagatha, looking round inquiringly; upon which nan and elsie noddedassent, and chrissie bargained, "unless i am engaged myself by thattime, when, of course, they must be equally divided,"--a contingency soremote that lilias congratulated herself on a good morning's work, andfelt that so far as pin-cushions were concerned the future held nofurther anxiety.
work for the sale had, indeed, been carried forward with great zest; andnow that the days were lengthening, there was a good two hours aftertea, when kitty could join the party in the porch-room, and stitch awayat some dainty task while carrying on that breathless stream ofconversation which never seemed to run short, despite the dailymeetings.
nan brought down her carving, and worked at a little table ofher own; elsie cut and planned with delicate, accurate fingers; and thethree younger girls sewed away in characteristic fashion: agatha bendingdouble over the seam; christabel, erect and stately, drawing her threadto its full length with leisurely, dignified movements; and kitty, withher spectacles on the tip of her nose, peering over them from time totime in grandmotherly concern at the frivolity of her companions.
nothing more had been discovered about "diogenes," as mr vanburgh hadbeen nicknamed since his refusal to receive visitors; but on fine dayshis couch was wheeled close to the window, and as he lay looking out, itwas inevitable that the movements of the girls in the sunny porch-roomimmediately opposite should attract his wandering attention.
when theyglanced across in their turn, he politely turned aside, and appearedengrossed in his book; but no sooner were they at work again than thetired eyes would be lifted once more, to dwell with wistful interest onthe bright young faces.
one afternoon in especial, as nan sat bendingover her carving, the conviction strengthened that she was observed.
she peered under her eyelashes, smiled mischievously to herself, andsuddenly leapt from her seat in a manner most startling to the nerves ofher sisters.
she hopped on one foot and waved her arms in the air; sheswooped down on chrissie's work and threw it wildly to the ceiling; shethrust her face into elsie's and went off into a peal of maniacallaughter, which sent that nervous young person flying to the farthestcorner.
she seized a bundle of ribbons and danced an impromptu skirtdance, flourishing them to and fro, while he onlookers scuttled togetherlike rabbits, and felt that their lives trembled in the balance.
finally, after succeeding in turning the room topsy-turvy, and raisingthe most powerful doubts as to her own sanity, miss nan tottered out onto the landing and collapsed in a breathless heap on the lowest stair,while her sisters looked on askance from a discreet distance.
"h-have some sal volatile!
i'll get it from my room.
never mind, dear,you'll be better soon!"
stuttered elsie fearfully; but at that the crazycreature laughed afresh, though in a more restrained and naturalfashion.
"oh no; i am not mad!
i did it for a purpose, my dear, as you shallhear.
that poor old diogenes was lying on his couch, looking acrosswith such a dull, pathetic face, and i felt so sorry that the poor dearhad nothing more exciting to amuse him.
he must be precious dull whenhe takes so much interest in girls like us, and i felt grieved to thinkhow little fun we had given him, sitting sewing day after day like somany machines.
i says to myself, says i, `it is in your power, margaretrendell, to infuse some brightness into the lot of this poor lonelysufferer, and you are going to do it!
he shall have some excitementbefore the day is over, bless him!'
therefore, as you perceived, iexecuted a new and original war-dance for his benefit, and sent you allattitudinising about the room.
that's the reason of this thusness, anddiogenes is now, no doubt, full of agitation, believing that one soyoung and fair has suddenly lost her wits, and imagining you alloccupied in binding me to the bedpost till help arrives!"
"i don't know how he feels, but i feel extremely ill!"
grumbled elsie,her sympathy suddenly changed to resentment.
"sticking your face intomine and laughing in that crazy fashion.
never do it again!
my heartis right up in my throat, and thumping like a steam-engine.
i can'twork any more.
i am going to recover my equanimity in the garden!"
it was baffling to curiosity that all the actors shouldhave disappeared at the most exciting moment of the play; and the actorsthemselves were fully aware of the fact, and with child-like enjoymentdetermined to lengthen out the mystery.
the porch-room was abandonedfor the afternoon, and such sequestered nooks in the garden as wereinvisible from the grange were chosen as resting-places, while kittywillingly consented to walk an extra half-mile on her way home, so as toavoid going out by the front gate.
such a reversal of the usual comingsand goings would, it was hoped, give the final touch to mr vanburgh'scuriosity, and teach him a wholesome lesson on the folly of shuttinghimself up and holding no communication with the world.
when agathasuggested that the poor old dear might lie awake all night fromagitation, nan cold-bloodedly hoped that he would, since he, on hispart, had been so cruel as to shut the doors of the grange against hisneighbours.
she would have been much surprised if she had known how, and for whom,those doors would first be opened!
at the beginning of may the first returning ray of brightness came intomaud's life.
a letter arrived from a friend of the family who had beenliving abroad for her daughter's education, and had now reached paris,preparatory to returning to england in a month's time.
it had been allwork and no play for the girl during the winter, her mother wrote, andit had been long promised that the month in paris should be entirelygiven over to pleasure-seeking.
mabel had drawn out a programme solengthy and varied, that mrs nevins doubted whether she herself wouldhave strength to go through it.
one thing at least was certain, thatthe girl's enjoyment would be doubled by the presence of a companion ofher own age, who would be able to share her ecstasies, as a tired-out,middle-aged woman could never do.
therefore, might maud come?
couldmaud be spared for a month to give mabel the very great pleasure of hersociety?
she should have every care, and be brought back to londonearly in june.
mrs rendell carried the letter up to maud as she practised in her room,and handed it to her with a smile; and maud flushed and paled, and laidher hand affectionately on her little mother's shoulder.
how much from you, and how much from mrs nevins?
you have hadsomething to do with this, i'm sure you have.
the suggestion came fromyou in the first instance!"
what a child!
such notions as she takes!"
cried mrs rendelllaughingly.
"how it comes about is little matter; you don't need to betold how truly delighted mabel will be to have you.
you can believe inthat, at least.
you have always wanted to go to paris,dear!"
"yes, mother, i have.
oh yes, always!"
maud smiled bravely, tryinghard to appear as pleased and elated as her mother expected.
it was notthe first, nor the second, nor the twentieth time that she haddiscovered schemes for her own benefit during the last few weeks.
school friends had been invited on visits; books for which she hadwished had opportunely arrived from town; concert tickets had beenpurchased with unprecedented frequency.
maud fully appreciated thekindly purpose of these attentions, and, to a certain extent, enjoyedthe amusements provided; but she was conscious of a dreary regret thatthese long-wished-for pleasures should arrive at a time when it wasimpossible to throw herself into them with whole-hearted enjoyment.
theregret was particularly keen at this moment, for to her, as to so manygirls, the first trip abroad had been the dream of a lifetime, and apang came with the realisation of how different from her expectationsthe realisation must be.
the ache at her heart would cloud thebrightness of the beautiful city,--she would look at everything, as itwere, through a veil of crape.
the tears rose to her eyes despite allher efforts, and she turned hastily aside, fearing that her mother mightthink her ungrateful for receiving the news in such churlish fashion.
mrs rendell, however, affected to notice nothing unusual, and talkedaway in cheery accents, discussing various practical matters concerningthe proposed visit, in which it was impossible not to feel an interest.
maud's tears dried gradually; she found herself suggesting amendments tothe plans, and growing momentarily more interested and eager.
she wasto be entrusted with a sum of money with which to buy presents for hersisters, besides a well-filled purse for her own use.
she and mabelcould choose their summer clothes together, amid the bewilderingfascinations of parisian fashions; and there was absolutely no limit inthe amount of sight-seeing permissible.
she could run the whole gamut,from the louvre to the catacombs, and get to know her paris almost aswell as she knew her london.
what girl of twenty-three would not feelher woes assuaged by such a programme, especially in the company of abosom friend to whom she had been devoted from childhood?
mr and mrs rendell rejoiced to see maud's brightening face, and tohear her voice raised to its old happy ring, as she busied herself withpreparations for her journey; and nan rejoiced as much as they, andracked her brains to discover how she could best assist in the samepreparations.
"let me do some sewing for you!
do let me help!"
she pleaded, andproceeded to stitch up the seams entrusted to her with suchunprecedented care and neatness, that maud hid the garments at thebottom of her box, not having the heart to disclose that the seams wereon the wrong side, and must needs be as laboriously unpicked!
she upseta box of tooth-powder over a blue serge skirt; squeezed a bundle ofboots on the top of a chiffon bodice, and went beaming downstairs,feeling that at last she had learned to be domesticated and to renderefficient service!
maud departed smiling and cheery, and all the members of the family drewa breath of relief as she drove off from the door.
the secretconsciousness of her suffering had been a cloud over their spirits forthe past month, and now, as was only natural, a reaction set in, whenrestrained spirits found their vent.
mr and mrs rendell went up to town for a couple of nights to attend adinner-party and reception, and the girls discussed how they could bestorganise a little festivity on their own account.
it was decided tohold the first picnic of the season, bicycling to a favourite spot inthe woods, where primroses and bluebells were luxuriant, and to invitemrs maitland and miss phelps to drive up in a pony cart stored withprovisions for an out-of-door tea.
everything was arranged--cakes werebaked, sandwiches cut, cream and milk corked up in bottles, and a basketpacked with every requisite--when, "of course," as elsie had it, therain descended in sheets, and the project was frustrated.
the usual scene of grumbling and ejaculating followed, before the girlscould resign themselves to their fate.
to settle down to practise andstudy seemed unbearably dreary after looking forward to such a charmingexcursion; but there was nothing else to be done, so they marchedsulkily to their different occupations, and did not meet again untilafter four o'clock.
then the schoolroom party joined lilias in thelibrary, and were about to summon nan from the attic, when mary entered,bringing a card on a salver.
some one had been brave enough to face the elements, and pay a call inthe midst of a downpour of rain.
whom could it be?
lilias examined thecard with curious eyes, and turned in surprise towards her sisters.
don't know her from adam.
who in the world is missthacker?"
"oh--er--er--wait a moment and i'll remember!"
cried agatha, rufflingher hair in reflection.
"i've heard the name, i'm sure--i know!
she'sthe creature who's come to willow cottage.
she called once before, andmother said she could not for the life of her decide whether she wasquite mad, or only three-quarters.
what can she want?"
"have to go and see, i suppose.
or stay, i'll bring her in here, tohave some tea, and then you can help me to entertain her; but whateveryou do, don't laugh!
it's awfully bad form to make fun of a visitor."
and lilias left the room, to return followed by a tall female figure,which certainly approached perilously near the grotesque in appearance.
an old-fashioned poke bonnet and a gauze veil shaded a solemn whiteface, braids of red hair fell over the cheeks, horn-rimmed spectaclescovered the eyes, while the absence of two front teeth gave a singularlyblank and unpleasant expression to the mouth.
a merino shawl was foldedacross the shoulders, and a venerable silk skirt dripped with rain uponthe carpet.
an extraordinary-looking figure indeed; and it would appearthat eccentricity was not confined to appearance only, for the strangerreturned the girls' salutations with wriggles of the body, and began atonce to talk in a soft guttural voice, running her words togetherwithout any stops, and at such express train speed that every now andthen she was obliged to stop short, and give a deep gasp of exhaustion.
"s-s-sorry your mother is from mome me dears quite counted on findingher rat ome.
said to myself at lunch must go and see mrs rendells'afternoon such a kind woman full of sympathy for rothers!
hurried outand thought as had come so far might come in and see miss rendell asservant said at tome and disengaged!"
the big mouth opened in a gasp for breath, which was heard throughoutthe room, and lilias stammered out a dismayed assent.
so glad you did.
if i can do anything i shallbe most pleased--""of course, my dear.
your mother's daughter.
knew it by your face.
not tany tea, thank you, bad for digestion enjoyed bad health for manyyears and can only stay a minute.
called at four rouses already to-daywith no result.
breaks your rart to see the callous sardness of thehuman race, every luxury and ease themselves and cold as sice to others.
wouldn't believe it unless you were present to see rebuffs si get.
ladies not a mile from this souse--could mention names but won't--paypounds and pounds for gloves and dats and not talf-a-crown to spare forcrying need, but said to myself all day, mrs rendell will help!
i'llget ta welcome there!"
"oh yes, i'm sure mother would be pleased," stammered lilias, more andmore puzzled to understand the drift of the strange woman's remarks.
from the farther end of the room a little squeaky sound was heard,elaborately turned into a cough.
lilias grew hot with embarrassment,and miss thacker peered suspiciously over her spectacles as she produceda circular from her satchel and handed it over for inspection.
it borethe heading "waybourne home for incurables," and set forth a plea forhelp with which the girl was already familiar.
she read it over,however, once and yet again, puzzling her head meantime as to what to donext.
to refuse to give a donation was to class one's self at onceamong those whose "callous sardness" had been denounced, and lilias'slove of appreciation was so intense, that even before this unlovelystranger she could not bear to appear in an unfavourable light.
shedetermined to delay the evil moment, and leave to her mother theunpleasant task of refusal; for it seemed in the last degree unlikelythat mrs rendell would desire to supplement her ordinary subscriptionby a gift to an unauthorised collector.
"i am very sorry you should have had your walk in the rain," she saidsweetly, "but, of course, in mother's absence i can make no promises.
she will be home the day after to-morrow, if you could call again to seeher."
she flattered herself that she had evaded the difficulty very cleverly,but miss thacker rounded on her in unexpected fashion.
"shouldn't dream of asking you my love.
too much respect for your dearmother but wished to appeal to young and generous sarts like self andsisters!
any contribution however small!
every little helps.
mostgrateful i am sure, subscription or donation?"
"but--but," lilias heard three separate gasps of dismay from the window,and realising that no help was forthcoming from that quarter, nervedherself to the unpleasant task.
"we should like to subscribe very much indeed, if we could, but we haveonly a small allowance, and at present are doing all we can to assistanother charity.
i fear that we cannot spare any more money--"miss thacker peered at her solemnly through her spectacles, and shookher head from side to side.
"ah, yes, my dear, can if you will!
every luxury and comfort, cupoverflowing, only will is lacking.
look into your rart and ask yourselfwhat can i deny myself for rothers?
some worldly bauble, some articleof adornment which you had planned to get, which you could do without,and reap pa rich reward.
what is a hat, a dress, a fan, compared to thesuccour rof suffering garts?"
now, as it happened, lilias was bound for town the very next day to buya supply of those fineries which her soul loved, so that this suggestionwas so aptly timed as to strike her dumb with confusion.
she could havegushed over the poor incurables for an hour on end; was ready to shedtears at a recital of their woes; but to give up a new hat in order todevote the money to their use, this was a flight of generosity to whichmiss lilias rendell could never attain!
she grew hot with anger at theinconsiderateness of the stranger in proposing such a sacrifice, hotterthan ever at the thought of the three young sisters agape to hear heranswer.
here was a pretty alternative, to consent and go without somedetail of her summer outfit, or to refuse and be branded as vain andselfish?
lilias chose a middle course, and, extracting half a crownfrom her purse, handed it over with melancholy resignation.
"i shall be pleased to give you a small donation, but i would rather myname did not appear in your list.
put it down as from a friend."
"or a giver--a cheerful giver!"
cried miss thacker, with an accent onthe adjective which brought the blood into lilias's cheeks.
thewretched woman seemed to have fathomed her reluctance, and to bescoffing at her beneath a pretence of approval; but surely, now that shehad got what she wanted, she would take her departure, and end this mosttrying scene.
she made a little movement of dismissal, whereupon missthacker glanced appealingly at the window.
"and our rother dear young friends," she was beginning, when suddenlyshe put her hands up to her face and made a curious spluttering noise,at sound of which the sisters started in dismay.
she recovered herselfat once, and continued her harangue with redoubled energy; but suspicionhad been aroused, and could not easily be allayed.
it hadbeen so like, so extraordinarily like; and yet that hair--thatcomplexion--those missing teeth!
it could not be!
chrissie drew nearerand nearer, staring at the stranger with searching scrutiny, met adirect glance of the eyes, and straightway flew upon her, wrenching offbonnet and veil, and twitching the horn-rimmed glasses from her nose.
she squeaked and struggled, and fought the air with her woollen gloves,but it was of no avail: there she sat, discovered and exposed, withnan's dark tresses streaming down behind the auburn front, nan'sdimpling smile breaking over the whitened face.
"such callous sardness!
dragged my hair out by the roots!
is that theway you treat your visitors, my dear young friends?"
she stuttered; buther dear young friends had no sympathy for her woes, and crowded roundher, breathless with indignation.
"wretched, miserable girl, so it was you all the time!
what made you doit?"
"wanted to amuse you on a wet day, and couldn't think of anythingbetter.
did i do it well?"
i could never have believed we should have been sodeceived.
how you managed to disguise your voice i can't think, and tomake yourself look so awful.
you are as white as a clown; and yourteeth, nan!
what has become of your teeth?"
"covered them with black sticking-plaster, that's all.
not even foryour benefit, my dears, could i extract my two front molars.
i smearedmy face with cold cream, and then rubbed in flour.
sticky, butefficacious, and sucked a chocolate all the time, to make my voicethick.
i'll swallow it now."
nan gulped, and rolled her eyes inexpressive enjoyment.
"when i was dressed, i stole downstairs, letmyself out of the side gate, and rang at the bell as bold as brass.
mary did not recognise me, so i felt i was safe; but my one terror waslest you should go upstairs to call me down."
"and you found all the clothes in the dressing-up box!
it is so longsince we used it that i had almost forgotten the dear old things.
theshawl and skirt i recognise, of course, but you have trimmed the bonnetyourself.
i will say for you, my dear, that you made the most appallingold woman i have ever encountered."
"but i don't quite approve of making fun of anything so very, very sadas those dear incurables!"
said lilias solemnly.
"well, perhaps youdidn't make fun of them exactly, but it was not quite a nice subject tochoose for a practical joke.
we ought to think of them tenderly.--bythe by, i want that half-crown, nan.
give it back to me!"
drawled nan, shaking her head, and speaking in broad, north-country dialect, "n-ay, lass!
i'll none give it oop.
it mun bide withme till i dee!
i'll give you back good coin of the realm instead, butthis precious piece is mine, and shall be pierced with a hole, andchained to my side, to commemorate the occasion.
it will be good foryou as well as for me.
you can look at it, and remember how generousyou were!"
said lilias, and turned to the tea-table to pour out the long-delayed tea.
it was too strong to drink; and when mary appeared inresponse to the bell, it was a treat to see her stagger back at thesight of the dishevelled figure in the arm-chair, and to watch the smileof benign condescension with which nan wrinkled up her face and inclinedher red-brown head.
mary was an old friend of the family, and on sufficiently intimate termsto express her opinion in terms unchequered by forms of politeness.
shewished to be informed what miss nan would be up to next, and repeatedwith unction her own description of the "hugliest old woman you ever seteyes on," as given to cook in the kitchen, ten minutes earlier.
"we'vebeen talking about you ever since, and wondering what you were after."
this was fame indeed!
the girls shared in the reflected glory of nan'sperformance, and only regretted that it had not been witnessed by alarger audience, while chrissie, in especial, bewailed the absence ofher _alter ego_.
"kitty will never forgive us if she doesn't see you," she declared.
"oh, nan, do go and call upon mrs maitland!
then kitty would see you,and you might get some more money from her!
it would be the mostsplendid fun.
oh, nan, do!
i'll love you for ever, if you will!"
elsie and agatha swelled the chorus by groans of appeal, and nan visiblywavered.
she could do nothing until she had had tea, she declared, butafter that, if the rain grew less heavy, she would consider the matter;and hesitation being taken for assent, she was plied with cake andwaited upon with obsequious attention.
the elements seemed in favour ofthe scheme, for, by the time that tea was finished, the downpour wasexchanged for a gentle drizzle, which could afford no excuse to aweather-proof creature like nan rendell.
she was therefore shawled andbonneted once more, escorted to the front door by a giggling and excitedquartette, and set off forthwith to tramp half a mile of muddy highroad, half abashed at finding herself abroad in such a strange guise,altogether delighted at the madcap nature of the expedition.
the visit to mrs maitland was a huge success, for kitty sat staringsolemnly over her spectacles, while her mother had obviously much adonot to laugh outright at the eccentricities of her visitor.
in thematter of donations she presented a firmer front than lilias had done,but nan would not allow herself to be foiled without a struggle.
whenmrs maitland said bravely, "i cannot see my way to giving anything moreat present," she bridled as with indignation, and replied--"but you must not consider yourself, you must consider me!
here am i,tramping through mud and mire, drenched with rain, and chilled withcold; here rare you in your comfortable home, surrounded with luxury anddease, and you turn a deaf ear to the cause si plead, and let me toil invain.
i cannot gaze upon your good, kind face, and believe in suchcallous sardness ...  the smallest trifle, if it be but half a crown--"well, it seemed a cheap price to pay to get rid of the terriblecreature!
like lilias, mrs maitland meekly handed over the desiredcoin, and rose to her feet with an air of determination.
"and now, if you will excuse me!
i am rather busy, and--"nan bowed and smirked, then suddenly swooped across the room to wherekitty sat, her arms stretched wide in invitation.
"and will the dear child give me a sweet kiss before ri go?"
the consternation of the "dear child" and her mother can be imagined;but discovery came with the next moment, together with such shriekingsof delight, such shakings and scoldings, such questionings andexclaimings, as were proper to the occasion.
nan returned home in highglee, chuckling over the success of the afternoon's escapade, and farfrom suspecting that the chief adventure still was to come.
such wasthe fact, however, and this is the way in which it happened.
she had passed along the high road in safety, meeting few inhabitants,owing to the inclemency of the weather, and looking forward with delightto the welcome which she would receive from her sisters.
presentlythurston house came in view, and, sure enough, there were four excitedheads bobbing to and fro at the window, four broad beams of amusement totestify to the grotesqueness of her appearance.
nan lifted a solemnglance in return, and chrissie, seized with a sudden demon of mischief,pointed a forefinger at the door opposite, and gesticulated violently inits direction.
as plainly as words could speak, that forefinger said,"call at the grange!
there's an adventure for you, if you like!
beardthe lion in his den.
i dare you to do it!
you dare not go!"
it was done on the impulse of the moment, and on the impulse of themoment nan turned and skipped obediently across the street.
she neverthought of possible consequences; her one idea was to horrify hersisters by pretending to carry out the suggestion, and the sight oftheir agitated faces pressed against the pane was sufficientencouragement to sustain her courage, as a pull at the bell sent apealing chime through the house.
the appearance of the old butler inthe doorway did indeed evoke a thrill of nervousness, but then, whatmattered?
visitors were never admitted, and she would certainly bedismissed, even as the others had been before her!
she quite prided herself upon the _sang-froid_ with which she made theusual inquiry--"mr vanburgh is at home, i presume?
will he be able to see me thisafternoon?"
will you walk in?
mr vanburgh is quite atliberty."
the horror of it seemed to take away all power of resistance.
did theman drag her in by force, or did she obey him of her own accord?
nancould not tell.
the awful truth remained that the next moment she stoodwithin the hall, and the door was shut behind her!
"this way, please, ma'am.
will you come up-stairs?"
said the butler;and nan stumbled blindly forward, past the branching palms, the indiancabinets, the knight in his glittering armour, past a hundred treasures,with never an eye to notice one of them, and a heart beating fast withagitation.
the ascent seemed to last for a year, yet it would be overfar too soon; the dreaded moment of introduction would arrive, and, inthe name of all that was horrifying and perplexing, what should she dothen?
by what name should she be announced?
what should she state asthe object of her visit?
what excuse could she offer for her intrusion?
"if i ever get out of this alive, i'll first pay out miss chrissie, andthen turn over a new leaf for life!
no more practical jokes for me!"
said nan to herself, and pulled her bonnet resolutely over her face.
the butler had paused, and was looking at her inquiringly as he threwopen the door of his master's room, and waited to announce her name.
she croaked at him,--there is no other word to describe the inarticulatesound which issued from her lips,--then swept forward, and the manretired, no doubt thinking the stranger's manner on a par with herappearance.
left to herself, nan took a few steps forward and stopped abruptly,finding herself in a room which was at once the most beautiful and themost extraordinary which she had ever beheld.
in every direction inwhich she turned her eyes, they were greeted by some quaint treasure,which had been brought from the ends of the earth to be stored against abackground of tapestry and carved oak panel.
it was like stepping backhundreds of years, and finding one's self in an old baronial castle; andthe occupant of the room was in keeping with his surroundings.
he layon his couch, staring at her with sunken eyes, a picturesque-looking oldman, with a complexion of bleached transparency; a white head, coveredby a velvet skull-cap, and a wasted form, wrapped in a dressing--gown ofembroidered oriental silk.
he looked both sad and suffering, and nanrecognised as much with a pang of regret for all the hard terms she hadlavished upon his want of hospitality.
he looked too illto receive visitors; too weary to be troubled with the commonplaces.
what could she say to explain her own visit?
what in the world shouldshe find to talk about?
"won't you sit down?"
said a melodious voice.
"pray take a seat!
icannot wait upon you myself, as you see, but i can recommend that oldsaddle-bag.
it is most comfortable."
as he spoke, the invalid wavedhis hand towards a chair near his own, and nan seated herself upon it insilence, glancing timidly in his face.
this dumbness was appalling.
she racked her brains to think of something to say, but no ideas wereforthcoming; she could only twist her fingers in embarrassment, and waitanother lead.
"it is most kind of you to come to see me on such a tempestuousafternoon," mr vanburgh continued politely.
"i did not expect anycallers.
ladies, as a rule, are not fond of venturing out in the rain,unless they have special business on hand."
here was a lead at last!
what could be better than to follow upthe suggestion of a business call?
nan asked herself eagerly.
mrsmaitland had regretted the loss of subscriptions upon which she hadcounted from the wealthy owner of the grange: would it not be a goodaction if she could draw mr vanburgh's attention to the needs of theincurables, and induce him to promise a subscription?
she would nottake the money, but leave the address of the secretary, to whom it couldbe forwarded.
oh, it was admirable--an admirable idea!
the afternoon'sescapade would lead to good after all.
nan's elastic spirits rose witha bound, and she smiled upon her companion with restored equanimity.
"i have a special business.
i did not come merely to pay a call, but toask your help for a cause in which i am much interested.
i hoped thatyou might feel inclined to give a subscription, and can assure you thatany sum which you may decide to give--"to her dismay, the benevolent expression upon the watching facedisappeared, as she spoke, to give place to one of suspicion anddistrust.
mr vanburgh moved himself on his pillows, so as to face hermore fully, and stared at her fixedly, beneath frowning brows.
"you want a subscription!
you have come here to beg--to ask for money?"
"but not for myself!"
explained nan eagerly.
the scrutiny bent upon herwas so searching that she felt bound to protest against a personalinterest.
"it was for a charity, a local hospital, which is in want offunds.
it was thought--i thought that, as a newcomer to theneighbourhood, you might like to hear about the various organisations,and to give some support.
there is a large poor population at sale, amile from here, and the committee is always short of funds.
many of theold residents have left, and the new ones don't--don't always."
--herremembrance of odd sentences heard at committee meetings came to asudden end, and the voice trailed off in inarticulate murmurings.
"do not always come forward in their place.
and i am tounderstand that you are deputed by these various charities andorganisations to plead their cause and collect subscriptions?"
nan cleared her throat vigorously.
it was the only way she could thinkof by which to gain time, and decide how to evade the question.
"they are most grateful for all they can get.
the committee would sendyou an acknowledgment of your subscription.
it would be better to sendit direct, instead of giving it to me.
i just wish to call yourattention--to tell you particulars and enlist your interest--""just so!"
said mr vanburgh again; and nan fancied that there was aslight softening in the watching eyes.
and for what specialcharity do you wish to plead to-day?"
"for the home for incurables!"
the word came with a hiss from between closed teeth.
you choose your object well, madam!
i congratulate you on yourdiscretion.
the cause is truly fitting."
she had made a false move this time, there was no doubt about it, forthe old man's voice was sharp with displeasure; but blundering nan couldnot even now imagine wherein lay the offence.
she gaped at him, with a stammering--"fitting!
i don't understand what you mean!"
"only that being incurable myself, i need your charity every whit asmuch as those for whom you come asking help--""incurable!
you won't get better!
never get better until you--""die?
that is what it means.
i shall spend my life uponthis couch, or being wheeled about in a bath-chair, suffering tormentsof pain and weariness until death comes to set me free--the kindliestfriend that could step inside my door!"
cried nan sharply.
the tears rushed to her eyes, and shetrembled from head to foot.
it was terrible to listen to those words,terrible to her youth and strength to hear death spoken of in thoseyearning tones; her heart--nan's big loving heart--went out in a rush ofsympathy towards the lonely sufferer.
she stretched her hand towardshim, and cried brokenly, "i'm sorry!
oh, i'm sorry!
we knew, ofcourse, that you were ill, but we never thought it was as bad as that."
who are we?"
mr vanburgh's fingers closed over her hand, and heheld it firmly in his own, while he gazed at her with a gentleness ofmien before which nan's resolution died a sudden death.
she stammered humbly.
"oh, mr vanburgh, forgive me.
i'm nan rendell.
i live in the house just across the road.
i'm not anold woman at all, only a stupid girl dressed up.
i never meant to come,but chrissie dared me, and i thought i would come to the door and ring,to give her a fright.
i never thought you would let me in.
you hadrefused to see all other visitors.
my father and mother called, and mrand mrs maitland--""they did, and many others.
it was very kind, but i felt too ill toreceive them.
with you, however, it was different, for i seemed to knowyou already.
i had seen so much of your life through `my studywindow'--""saw me!
then you knew all the time who i was?
you knew--""i did!
it was very interesting.
i wondered how long you couldkeep it up."
mr vanburgh smiled quietly.
"my couch is placed near the window, and during my long lonely days idevote a good deal of attention to the passers-by.
about three o'clockthis afternoon i observed a black robed figure steal out of your sidegate and approach the front door.
i saw her admitted by the servant.
isaw her go out once again, and, like her sisters, kept watch for herreturn."
"and you saw chrissie point across to your door, and heard my ring?"
and rang myself, to give orders that you should be admitted.
that is the true and authentic account of the mystery.
it is not somysterious after all, is it?"
"it's very embarrassing!"
nan was suddenly overcome by a consciousnessof how ridiculous she must have appeared in her assumed character, andcollapsed into feeble laughter, "what _must_ you think of me?"
"to tell the truth, i prefer your ordinary appearance.
it is difficultto recognise you in this attire.
would you think it a liberty if iasked you to resume your ordinary guise?
and he waved his handwith an appeal which had in it an element of authority, despite all itscourtesy.
nan felt very small, very much like a mischievous child whohas spilt the ink-bottle, and is sent upstairs to be washed and tidied;but, all the same, she was not sorry to remove the ugly trappings, andappear in her true guise once more.
bonnet, veil, spectacles, and cloakcame off in succession; her dark hair curled in little rings round herforehead, and the round young throat rose like a pillar above thequaintly-cut bodice.
if lilias had been in her sister's place, shewould have reflected that her antique costume was appropriate to hersurroundings, but such thoughts as these never occurred to honest nan.
she was merely concerned to see that the last remains of powder werewiped away, and, being satisfied on this point, smiled at mr vanburghin friendly fashion.
he said cheerfully.
"i begin to recognise you again.
i have seen you only from a distance so far, but i seem to know you verywell.
you are `nan,' you say, and you are what--number three, isuppose?
the young lady who went away the other day is the eldersister, and after her comes the fair one with the golden locks."
yes; she is the beauty of the family; i come next, and thenelsie, the little one, with big, dark eyes.
we call her `mrsgummidge,' because she is melancholy, and feels things `more thanothers.'
then comes agatha; you know agatha!
the great big girl withthe huge feet and the rosy cheeks; and christabel, the youngest--""oh yes, i know christabel!"
said mr vanburgh, smiling, "and her friendwho comes to lessons every day: the brown-legged stork, with the red capand the curly locks.
i like that child.
she looks honest andstraightforward!
who is she?"
"why, that's kitty!"
replied nan, in a voice of surprised reproof, forsurely every one in waybourne must know an important personage likekitty!
"her name is really gwendoline maitland, but everybody calls herkitty; and she was longing to know you, and made her mother come to callin her new spring clothes, with a promise to bring in her name at everyturn of the conversation; and then, after all, you would not receiveher!"
"that was very sad!
i am afraid i must have appeared churlish; but, asa matter of fact, i came down to waybourne to avoid old friends, ratherthan make new ones.
i am too ill to be sociable.
it is a trial to me,nowadays, to meet strangers."
"and yet--""and yet i wished to see you!
that seems rather a contradiction, doesit not?
but i have always been fond of young people, and i seemed tohave made your acquaintance in spite of myself.
perhaps you are hardlyaware how plainly one can see into your sitting-room from here."
nan smiled and bent forward to look across the street, in response to awave of the invalid's hand.
the porch-room was exactly opposite, and the three-sided windows didindeed allow an extraordinarily clear view of the interior.
the girlshad always believed themselves out of range of vision when they wereseated at the table; but at this moment nan could distinctly discernfour anxious faces scanning the opposite house, catch agatha's craningmovements, and lilias's waving hands.
the sight provoked anirresistible chuckle of amusement, and mr vanburgh's eyes turnedtowards her in wistful scrutiny.
"you seem very merry together, you young people.
life is full ofhappiness to you!"
"oh, we have our trials!"
said nan quickly.
"we are awfully happytogether; but still, of course, it isn't all as we should wish.
eachone of us has a grievance, and could talk about it for hours at a time,if we had a chance.
sometimes we have dreadful fits of dumps.
elsiehas them chronically, but the rest of us are up and down.
i'm generallyup myself; but still, i have my moments!"
"i should think they are very rare!
would it be indiscreet to ask whatis your peculiar cross?"
nan pondered with raised brows and an expression which grew more andmore uncertain.
"it's rather difficult to say straight off, isn't it?
there _is_something, i know, but i forget what it is.
i am always making stupidmistakes for one thing, and that is so awkward, now that i am supposedto be grown up.
i'm eighteen, so i ought to know better.
i went out tomy first dinner-party this winter, and the most awful thing happened.
astupid male creature took me in, with a collar about a foot high, andsuch an affected drawl that i could hardly understand a word he said.
however, i talked away and tried to be pleasant.
i have a habit ofwaving my hands when i talk; we all have--perhaps you have noticed it!
i was telling a story, and came to a point where it seemed necessary tolift my hand suddenly, to give emphasis to what i was saying.
well, idid it, and at that crucial moment if the waiter didn't go and hand asauce-bowl over my partner's shoulder!
my hand met the bowl, and ...maud was sitting opposite, and she said that never in all her life hadshe seen anything so appalling!
the bowl flew up in the air, turned asomersault, and the sauce rained down in showers upon his knees!
he hadhis serviette spread open, of course, but still it was bad enough.
there was silence all round the table.
he sat stock still, staring athis hands, all brown and dripping; then he said, in a very small,exhausted voice, `i think i had bettaw--go up-sta-ahs!'"
mr vanburgh lay back against his cushions and pressed his hands to hismouth.
his shoulders heaved, and a curious muffled sound emerged fromhis lips.
he tried to strangle it, tried to frown, to choke theinclination in his throat, but it was of no avail: laugh he must, andlaugh he did, his slight form shaking with merriment, the tears risingin the tired eyes and streaming down his cheeks.
nan laughed afresh atthe comical spectacle, and as she looked a door behind the couch waspushed gently open, and a startled face peered round the corner.
it wasthe face of the dark-skinned foreigner who was the invalid's attendant,and his master greeted him with affectionate freedom.
it is quite true!
i was laughing!
it is a longtime since you have heard such a sound from my lips.
no wonder you arestartled.
it is this young lady who has wrought the miracle."
the dark eyes rested on nan's face with a glow of gratitude which madethe girl's heart beat fast with pleasure.
the eloquent southern glanceconveyed many meanings, but he said simply, "the signorina is welcome!
i hope the signorina comes again!"
and left the room in the same quiet,unobtrusive manner in which he had entered.
when mrs rendell returned home and heard of nan's latest escapade, shewas breathless with horror and consternation.
"i don't know what i am to do with you, child," she cried.
"every timei go away there is a fresh outbreak, and you seem to grow worse insteadof better.
it is useless to warn you!"
"oh, mummy dear!"
nan's voice was full of protest, and she stared withreproachful eyes in her mother's face.
"it's not fair to say that!
ialways do as you tell me.
i never do what you have forbidden.
youcan't think of a single instance where i have played a trick the secondtime, when you have cautioned me against it!"
"but what is the good of that, when you immediately hit on somethingeven worse?"
queried her mother despairingly.
"what sane woman wouldever dream of forbidding a girl of eighteen to walk about the streets indisguise, and go begging for subscriptions at strange houses?
it takesaway my breath, even to think of it!
all sorts of things might havehappened!"
"but only nice things did happen, dear!
i always fall on my feet, youknow, and mr vanburgh is an old love.
he sent his respects to you, andhoped you and father would do him the favour of paying a second call, ashe would much like to make the acquaintance of my parents!
it was thefirst time in my life that i had heard you spoken of as adjuncts of mynoble self, and i can tell you i felt proud.
really and truly, it was ablessing i went, for you can't think how he enjoyed seeing me.
i saidgood-bye three times over before he would let me go, and i told himevery single thing about our family!"
"i've no doubt you did!"
mrs rendell groaned aloud, and staredhelplessly at the ceiling.
"please add to your list of prohibitions forthe future, my dear, that you are forbidden to go outside the door in anassumed costume; and do try to behave like a reasonable creature,instead of a hare-brained schoolboy!
i can't make any promise aboutcalling again until i see what father says."
nan was comfortably secure that her father would do as he was told, andhad little difficulty in persuading the good man that, above all thingsin the world, he desired to make the acquaintance of his neighbour.
there was little fear that the visit would be deferred too long; forwith five daughters vying with each other to introduce the subject onevery possible opportunity, and to discuss times and seasons atbreakfast, lunch, and dinner, it speedily became an object to get thecall paid as soon as possible.
on the very next saturday afternoon, therefore, mrs rendell attiredherself in calling array, was carefully surveyed by a critical audience,pronounced to be a "credit to the family," and despatched to the grange,with a score of divergent instructions as to what to do, what to say,and, above all, how to lay the foundation-stone of a future intimacy.
perhaps, if the truth were known, mrs rendell was scarcely less excitedthan her daughters at the prospect of being admitted into the presenceof the mysterious stranger; but if this were so, she was doomed todisappointment, for the invalid seemed too weary and dispirited to enterinto conversation, and it was only by a most apparent effort that heroused himself to reply to her remarks.
mrs rendell would have feltrepelled by his coldness of manner, had it not been for one redeemingpoint--his unaffected interest in her children!
the wan face brightenedinto a smile at the mention of nan's name, and he begged that the girlmight be allowed to come over to see him "often--as often as possible,"in a tone of unmistakable sincerity.
mrs rendell assented graciously;and, mindful of the reproaches which would be hurled at her head if shereturned without doing her best for every member of the family,suggested that perhaps mr vanburgh would like to make the acquaintanceof the other girls also!
he hesitated for a moment, but lookedgratified by the suggestion.
"if they would not find it too dull.
i am fond of young people, but amalways afraid of boring them by my company.
our lives lie so far apart.
perhaps they would come over at different times, and let me make theiracquaintance by degrees.
the two younger ones especially--your owndaughter and the little girl who is her friend."
on the score of this distinction, christabel and kitty were the firstcouple to take advantage of the invitation and cross the road tointerview diogenes in his den.
they confided in each other that theywere "simply dying of fright," but contrived to conceal their expiringcondition beneath haughty and dignified exteriors.
the manner in whichchrissie requested the old butler to inform his master of their adventwould have done credit to a princess of the blood, while kitty stalkedupstairs behind her with majestic gravity.
outside the dreaded door,however, it was impossible to resist exchanging a grimace of agitation,and it was another instance of the contrariety of men that the butlershould turn his head at that inopportune moment, and discover them soemployed.
chrissie grew red with mortification, and kitty splutteredwith laughter; so, after all, it was in the guise of two blushing,giggling schoolgirls that they made mr vanburgh's acquaintance, insteadof that of self-possessed women of the world, as they had fondly hopedwould be the case.
he looked from one to the other as they sat beforehim--big, bonnie, well-grown girls, with flaming locks and freshcomplexions, and there was a great wistfulness in his gaze.
the girlsfelt it; and though the meaning thereof was a mystery, they understoodthat here was an understanding, sympathetic soul, and immediately losttheir feeling of shyness.
in ten minutes' time they had confided to him their dream of the "selectacademy," and he had promised to recommend the school to his friends,with a seriousness which was balm to their vanity.
nothing is moreannoying to mature women of fourteen than to be treated as if they werechildren; and when mr vanburgh discussed at length various points ofmanagement on which the future partners were at variance, and gavevaluable suggestions on architectural designs, christabel screwed up hereyes at him with her most approving smile, and reflected that seldom, ifever, had she met a grown-up person with so much common sense!
tea wasbrought in for the girls' benefit, and kitty poured it out, spilling themilk over the cloth, and covering the wet spot with the muffin dish withadmirable presence of mind.
she felt so much at home that she helpedherself to cake a second time without being asked, drank three cups oftea, and only refrained from a fourth because the pot was drained.
after tea, conversation turned on hobbies, and it being discovered thatone girl had a mania for miniature jugs, and the other for foreign post-cards, the italian servant was summoned, and received instructions inhis own tongue, which resulted in an addition being made to eachcollection: kitty returned home hugging "a little d-arling" jug ofitalian pottery, while chrissie exhibited a chinese post-card, andpictures of mongolian belles printed on transparent rice paper.
theglories of the interview lost nothing from their descriptions; andlilias and elsie sighed continuously until the time came for their ownvisit.
in each heart the thought lay concealed that if mr vanburgh had been sokind to the other girls, he must of a surety extend a still greaterfavour to herself.
the mirror assured lilias that she was a sight to"make an old man young"; while elsie shook her head over the reflectionthat only those who have suffered themselves can sympathise with thewoes of others.
disappointment awaited them; for, strange torelate, the invalid found lilias's fragile charms less attractive to hiseye than the healthful vivacity of her sisters; while condolence was sodistasteful to his ears, that he fairly scowled down elsie's plaintiveassurances of sympathy.
as a matter of fact, it was brightness andamusement of which the recluse was in need; and as the last visitorswere the least humorous members of the family, it followed that theirpresence was least welcome.
awkward silence recurred at intervals; andwhen the girls rose to say good-bye, no request was made for a furthervisit, though a message was sent to nan, begging her to come by herselfon the first convenient occasion.
elsie made a public announcement inthe schoolroom that evening that she washed her hands of mr vanburgh,finding in him a cold and unresponsive soul; but lilias was not soeasily discouraged.
it rankled in her mind that she had failed whereothers had succeeded, and she determined to break down mr vanburgh'sprejudice and win the post of favourite, cost what it might.
she hadnot had a fair chance when elsie was present.
the members of one's ownfamily are apt to betray surprise at injudicious moments, to check one'sinnocent rhapsodies by counter-assertions, and even to quote words usedon previous occasions, as a proof that conduct does not coincide withtheory.
there were a dozen pretty little speeches she had been longingto make, but it was impossible to deliver them when elsie was sittingthere, listening with all her ears, ready to repeat them to a schoolroomaudience, or even commit them to the surer testimony of her diary.
someday she would make excuse to go alone, and then--!
lilias nodded herhead in assured self-confidence, and watched nan's air of proprietorshipwith a smile, convinced that her own triumph was at hand.
she wasbeginning to realise that a declared understanding was less excitingthan an incipient love affair; the thirst for fresh conquest was uponher, and in default of any more interesting prey, she determined to turnher attention to mr vanburgh, and raked her silly little head to deviseschemes for subjection.
honest nan had no scheme at all, nothing but the kindliest desire tocheer a lonely old man, and was so entirely her bright merry self at thesecond interview, that again, and yet again, the sound of laughter brokethe silence of the room.
she discovered that the old man had a keensense of humour, though it had long lain dormant; and as it seemed toplease him to hear her chat away in unconstrained fashion, chat she did,with such an accompaniment of sparkling eyes, waving hands, and sunnysmiles, as was a positive tonic to behold.
she told stories of her ownadventures or misadventures, which mr vanburgh capped by remembrancesof his own boyhood; they compared notes as to their mutual sensations atcritical moments, and so sympathetic did they appear, that the girl wasforced into an expression of astonishment.
"you remember so well!
most old people seem to forget how it feels tobe young, especially people who have not had any children of their own.
how have you managed to remember all these things?"
the old man looked at her quietly.
the smile left his face, and thelines round his lips and eyes seemed to deepen in sudden, mysteriousfashion.
nan divined that she had touched a hidden wound, and waitedanxiously for his reply.
it was a long time in coming, and then it wasaltogether a surprise.
mr vanburgh touched the bell which lay near athand, and spoke a word of direction to the italian, who appeared at thesummons.
"take this young lady into the study and show her--my pictures!"
he saidslowly; and nan followed pedro out of the room in perplexity of spirit.
the man's dark eyes studied her face critically, but no words were saiduntil the room was reached, and they stood together before a curtainedalcove.
"it is his sorrow, the sorrow of his life," murmured the soft voiceplaintively, as the curtain was drawn back, and nan gazed with awed eyesupon four portraits hung against a fluting of crimson cloth.
the richframes, the carved table beneath, with its bank of white flowers, gavethe alcove the appearance of a shrine; and a shrine it was indeed,dedicated to the memory of a lost happiness.
the first portrait was of a man, the second of a woman, with a beautifuland gentle face, which bore so strange a likeness to those of a boy anda girl on either side that it was easy to trace the relationship betweenthem.
the girl bade fair to become as lovely as her mother; the boy was amagnificent fellow, with waving locks, thrown back from a noble brow,and such an air of pride and candour in the carriage of the head and theflash of the eyes as would have filled a parent's heart with pride tobehold.
nan's eyes passed by the other two portraits to dwell on thiswith wondering admiration; and something in the appearance of thebeautiful young lad seemed strangely familiar.
family likeness is amarvellous thing, revealing itself in the most unexpected fashions; andthough at first sight no two people could have been more unlike thanthis incarnation of youth and strength, and the bleached and wearyinvalid in the next room, it was certainly of mr vanburgh, and noother, that nan was reminded at this moment.
the shape of the eyes wasthe same, the curve of the lips, the growth of the hair on the forehead.
she looked back at the first picture, and gave a start of recognition.
she had not realised it at first, but yes!
that handsome, happy, self-confident face had once belonged to mr vanburgh himself; it was his ownportrait at which she looked.
nan wheeled round to the servant with anagitated question:"it is himself!
but why is he here?
they are dead, these others, buthe--""he also is dead, signorina," the man replied, and bent his head as ifin obeisance before the picture.
"he died with those he loved.
something lived on, perhaps, but not my master.
he lies buried withthem--his wife--his son--his daughter.
all that he had.
ah, what atragedy!
one day all happiness and love; the next it is done, it isover, his heart is broken!
we were out yachting together, and my masterand i have gone on shore on business--to make purchases, to buyprovisions.
we should join them again next day; and meantime they wenta little cruise to pass the time--an excursion to a bay which thesignora wished to visit.
it was all calm when they started, but thoseare treacherous seas; a squall sprang up, and they were driven on therocks.
the gale lasted two days, and at the end pieces of wood werewashed ashore from the wreck.
there was nothing else--no, nothing!
wewere like madmen both, searching about, and waiting, always waiting,year after year.
...  they might have been picked up, and landed at somefar-away port; they might for a time have lost their minds and beenunable to remember.
such things have been; and why not again?
but atlast hope died away, and strength with it.
he took no rest, no care forhimself, and so the illness came which ends as you see.
then i took himaway, for the living must come before the dead, and i had my duty to himto remember.
we have wandered over the world, signorina, in search ofhealth and peace, but they come not with money.
everything else,"--hewaved his hand round the exquisite room, with its paintings, itscarvings, its china, its treasures of ancient art--"everything else, butnot these.
so at last we came home, to rest--and die!"
nan trembled and was silent.
she had no words in which to express herpassion of pity, but the italian understood, with the quick insight ofhis race, and flashed a grateful glance upon her.
"it is not every one to whom he shows these pictures.
they are coveredwith a curtain, so that they are hidden from the stranger; but everymorning we come together, he and i, and put fresh flowers.
it is agreat sign of his favour to the signorina that he should have sent herhere.
he has opened his heart to her as is not usual with him, and shecan help him if she will."
"oh, i will!
i long to help him," murmured nan brokenly.
shestood gazing at the pictures until the curtain dropped once more, andshe found herself being escorted back to her seat.
mr vanburgh looked at her silently.
it was not possible for him to bewhiter than usual, but his lips were contracted in a nervous pressure,and a nerve was throbbing visibly at his temples.
nan stretched out herhand impetuously and laid it over his; the fingers were icy cold to hertouch, and she rubbed them between her own with tender care.
he whispered breathlessly, and looked at her with kindlyeyes.
"you are a wise child.
you understand how to console.
words are tooweak.
you judged too quickly, you see, in taking for granted that i hadalways been alone.
fifteen years ago--you saw their portraits?"
they are all beautiful; and oh, the boy!"
sighed the father softly.
"yes, if you could have seen myson.
it was not only i, but every one who met him said the same thing:that they had never seen his equal.
all that i did was for him, toprepare for the time when he should succeed me.
he was so strong, sofull of life; it seemed impossible that he could die."
"mr vanburgh, how did you bear it?
how can people go through suchtrials and live?
to lose everything at once, and live on, and keepone's reason--i can't understand it.
you must be very good!"
the old man smiled sadly.
"no, child, i am not good.
i had my time of madness and rebellion, andmy old self died, never to revive again; but i have kept my faith ingod.
i could not afford to lose that, as well as everything else.
hehas taken from me all that made life beautiful--first my dear ones, andthen the strength which might have made it possible to find freshinterests; but such discipline must be for some great end, and i amgrowing nearer and nearer to the time when i shall know the reason.
there is an explanation ready for me, and i am waiting to hear it.
youwill never have a trouble sent to you in life, child, without thestrength to bear it; and the greater the trial the greater may be thereward.
even in this life i have had compensations; when the sun ofprosperity is shining we do not realise our need of god, but when theclouds gather, we turn homewards like tired children, and the help neverfails.
in my loneliness i have learned to know christ, and the peacewhich is his gift to those who trust him!"
he shut his eyes and remained silent for a long time, while nan studiedthe emaciated face with anxious gaze; but when he looked up again he wascalm and collected, almost smiling.
"my little friend, i have shown you my holy of holies, but we will neverspeak of it again.
you know my sorrow, and we will understand eachother without words.
i have learned to be thankful for the unexpectedblessings which come into my life, of which your companionship is one.
you will always be welcome when you can spare an hour to sit with alonely old man; and i am glad to have made the acquaintance of someyoung people for another reason.
my nephew, my heir,"--he drew hisbrows together with a frown of pain,--"is coming next month to pay me avisit.
he will be with me for some time, and if you will be kind enoughto extend your friendship to him i shall be grateful!"
but oh, i wish he were a girl!
are you sure youhave no girl nieces that you want to invite as well?"
mr vanburgh smiled faintly.
"i should have thought youhad enough, with five sisters of your own.
a boy would surely be morechange, though, as far as that, gervase is more than a boy now.
it isthree years since he left oxford, and he is quite a man of the world bythis time."
nan groaned deeply.
"i know them!
i know them well, and i detest them!
really old men arequite sensible and humble, but the young ones put on as many airs as ifthey owned the world, and didn't think much of it at that.
i likeschoolboys immensely--mischievous, grubby little schoolboys, who keepwhite mice in their bedrooms, and are full of pranks and jokes; but noyoung men for me, thank you!
jim, our brother, is the only really niceone i know, and even he thinks that the world was made for hisconvenience.
no one dares to contradict him; and it is the mostmaddening thing in the world to argue with him, for he never even takesthe trouble to answer, but simply chuckles in condescending fashion, andchucks you under the chin.
we know another very nice man, too--nedtalbot; but for a clever man who has taken degrees and scholarships andappointments above everybody else, you wouldn't believe how stupid andblundering he is.
as blind as a bat.
he--but never mind!
i didn'tmean to speak about him, only to say that if your nephew is coming downat all, do have him in june instead of next month!
jim is coming homethen, and ned will be here, and we have all sorts of plans in the air.
it would be nicer for him when there would be some men to take himabout, and he would have a really good time.
don't you think he couldcome in june?"
"he could probably arrange to stay on a little longer.
he will be withme for some considerable time, as there is a great deal of businesswhich we must do together.
i will tell him what you say when i write,and impress upon him that june is a period of special attraction!"
"and then he will be at our sale!"
said nan gleefully to herself; andthe same thought occurred to each of her sisters, when this latest pieceof news was unfolded.
"now he can buy my shaving-case!
fathersaid it was a useless bauble; but a rich young man can afford baubles,and i feel sure he would like the look of it upon his dressing-table.
i'll mark it `sold,' and say i kept it specially for him."
"i don't believe he will come at all.
men detest bazaars; but if hedoes, we must make him buy far more than that," said elsie firmly.
"ifwe can't sell that veil-case, we will pretend it is for ties, and thatno gentleman's wardrobe is complete without it.
and we'll raise all theprices whenever he comes near!"
"i don't suppose he'll eat toffee, but he must hand round the tea andmake himself useful.
we can keep him busy at our stall," said chrissie;while lilias stared into space, and smiled in a soft, dreamy fashion.
"after all," she said thoughtfully, "after all, i think he had betterhelp me, instead of ned!
ned knows quite a number of the people, andcould make himself agreeable going about and talking; but this poorfellow will know nobody but us.
he shall be my assistant inthe punt!"
one bright may morning mrs rendell sat by her desk ostensibly busy withaccounts, but in reality watching the movements of her daughter lilias,who lounged on the window seat reading the letters which had just beendelivered by the second post.
mrs rendell herself had brought theseletters into the room, and consequently knew full well who were herdaughter's correspondents, and which envelope contained the separateeffusions.
the dainty grey, with its edging of white, came fromlilias's bosom friend, a certain ella duckworth, whose sayings anddoings were so constantly quoted in the schoolroom that her very namehad become the signal for groans of disapproval; the fat white packetbore the magic name of the _bon marche_, paris, and contained patternsof material for the frock in which lilias intended to array herself atthe garden parties of the coming season; and the narrow envelope, withits bold, even writing, was a familiar object in the rendell household,whose authorship required no explanation.
mrs rendell handed this letter to her daughter with a smilingremembrance of the days when such letters used to come to herself--ofher eagerness and delight, her insatiable appetite for more.
as sheadded up her weekly bills and balanced her accounts, soft little trillsof laughter greeted her ears from the other end of the room, and shesmiled again in enjoyment of her child's happiness, and lifted her headto regard the pretty picture.
the sun shone on lilias's fair head,transforming it into an aureole of gold; pink and white were the coloursof her morning dress, pink and white was her face, and the blossom onthe hawthorn tree which shaded the window seemed made on purpose to forma background to the charming figure.
mrs rendell's eyes softened withmotherly pride; but the next moment her brows contracted and herexpression grew troubled, for there on the seat lay ned talbot's letterunopened, while lilias smiled and dimpled in enjoyment of her friend'seffusion.
it seemed strange that a girl should show so little eagernessto read a lover's letter; but mrs rendell reflected that perhaps liliaspreferred to leave the greater treat to the last, and comforted herselfthereby.
when ella's letter had been read, then of course ned's wouldbe even more eagerly devoured; but no!
lilias regretfully folded awaythe sheet in its envelope, regarded the two unopened envelopes withlanguid indecision, and finally selected the packet from paris as moreworthy of attention.
if she had looked up at that _moment_ and caughtthe flash in the watching eyes, miss lilias would have been on herguard; but, as it was, she complacently settled herself to the study ofpatterns, holding up the little squares of gauze to the light, layingthem against her dress, and pleating them in her fingers with anabsorption which rendered her unconscious of her surroundings.
fiveminutes passed, ten minutes, and still she turned from one novelty toanother, unable to make a choice among so many temptations; and stillher mother watched from her corner, the pencil stayed in her busy hands.
the irritation had faded from mrs rendell's face, and given place toan expression of anxious tenderness; for lilias's indifference to ned'sletter was but another strengthening of the growing conviction that thegirl's feeling for her lover fell short of what it should rightly be.
adozen signs, too subtle to be put into words, but none the lesseloquent, had attracted mrs rendell's attention within the last fewweeks, and sent a chill to her heart.
above all things it wasimperative that lilias should love her future husband with all thestrength of which she was capable, for lilias's mother knew that noother power but love could develop a selfish nature, and make a noblewoman out of a vain and thoughtless girl.
love has wrought this miraclebefore, and will again; and through all her grief for maud'sdisappointment, mrs rendell had comforted herself by the reflectionthat lilias was the one of all her children who was most in need of asoftening influence, the one to whom the love of a good man might bemost valuable.
dear, sweet maud could not be selfish if she tried, butan early engagement might be the only means of saving lilias from theinjurious effect of flattering and worldly friends.
so the mother hadreasoned with herself; but her arguments would lose all their force iflilias herself had no love in her heart for her future husband.
aloveless marriage is a catastrophe for any girl, but for lilias it wouldmean moral suicide: a deliberate settling down into a selfish, self-seeking life!
was it possible that she had accepted ned for no highermotive than a love of excitement, and the puny triumph of making thefirst marriage in the family?
mrs rendell would not judge the girl soharshly without unmistakable proof, but, her suspicions being aroused,she could not be content until she grasped the true position of affairs.
a broken engagement was the last thing which she desired to have in herfamily, but better that, a thousand times over, than that two livesshould be wrecked for ever!
she waited patiently until, at last, lilias deigned to read her lover'sletter, watching her face with scrutinising eyes.
it was evident thatsomething in the closely-written sheet did not commend itself to thegirl's approval; for as she read the white forehead grew fretted withlines, and the lips took a sullen droop.
the smiles faded away, and itwas a very blank, dejected edition of miss lilias rendell who looked upat last, to meet her mother's glance.
"well, what is it, dear?
you seem troubled.
no bad news, i hope?"
"oh no--nothing serious, at least.
ned seems worried.
things don't gosmoothly in the new works, and he has such high-flown ideas.
it seemsto me he makes troubles, by expecting every one else to be as quixoticas himself.
he is not likely to find high-flown notions among ordinarybusiness men!"
"and since when, my dear, have you become acquainted with the feelingsof business men?"
inquired mrs rendell sharply; then, in a softer tone,"my dear child, i implore you not to begin your engagement to ned bydiscouraging his highest motives.
men, as a rule, are not overburdenedwith sentiment, and it is the duty of a wife to encourage all that isgood and generous.
you would be grieved, i am sure, to feel that yourinfluence had a sordid or worldly direction!"
protested lilias, shocked beyond words at the possibilityof such a charge, as we are all shocked when our secret thoughts are putinto words, and we see them before us in all their naked hideousness.
"oh, mother, as if i could do anything so dreadful.
ned says i am hisgood angel; of course, of course, i want him to be good; but it isdepressing, isn't it, when as soon as one gets engaged business beginsto go wrong, and every letter brings news of some fresh worry orunpleasantness?
it is enough to make one feel melancholy!"
"yes, dear, it is, and i'm sorry for you.
it is a disappointment to usall to hear that ned is so unhappy in his new position, for it seemed topromise so well six months ago.
father is anxious to have a talk withhim on the subject, and see if he can help to smooth the way, so thesooner he can come the better it will be.
does he make any suggestionin his letter as to the date that will suit him best?"
said lilias; and her face clouded once more.
"he wants to comeon the twentieth; and it is so awkward, for the duckworths want me to goto them for that very week.
they are having a tennis party, and theirfirst day on the river, and several teas and dinners.
it would be sucha delightful week!
i thought, perhaps, ned might put off his visituntil june.
maud would be home by that time, and they would both besorry to miss each other if he came earlier."
mrs rendell looked at her with a mingling of exasperation and relief--relief that she should be so ignorant of maud's feelings, exasperationthat it should be possible for one sister to be so oblivious to thesufferings of another.
she could not but realise also that lilias wouldprefer a week of gaiety at richmond to a visit from ned talbot; and herdistress at the thought made her voice sound somewhat sharp as shereplied--"there is some one else to be considered besides yourself, my dear.
youforget that your father and i would prefer to see ned at once, and wouldnot approve of postponing his visit.
it is you, and not maud, whom hecomes to see; and you would surely not choose to spend the time infrivolity which might be given to helping and comforting the man youhave promised to marry?"
"no--no, of course not, mother!"
cried lilias, shocked once more at thesuggestion of her own selfishness.
"i'll write at once, and say thatthe twentieth will suit us all."
she gathered her letters together asshe spoke, and rose to leave the room, holding her head well in the air,and keeping up an appearance of composure so long as she was in hermother's sight, but once outside the door the tears of disappointmentrushed to her eyes, and she brought down her foot on the floor with astamp of irritation.
she felt jarred and disappointed, and thoroughlyill-used into the bargain.
only two months engaged, and alreadyinvolved in trouble and anxiety, and expected to give up her ownpleasure in order to condole with a dejected lover!
she had imaginedthat it would be ned's place to console her; and if his fears shouldprove well founded, surely it would be she who needed consolation in theprospect of a long, uncertain engagement.
lilias had known one or twogirls who had waited year after year while their _fiances_ struggledagainst adverse circumstances, and she was by no means anxious to followtheir example.
they lost their beauty, and grew thin and pale; peoplespoke of them with expressions of commiseration; the subject of marriagewas studiously avoided in their presence.
lilias grew hot at thethought that any one might possibly regard her in such a fashion.
whenshe had become engaged to ned talbot, the future had appeared _couleurde rose_, and she had sunned herself in the prospect of increasedimportance at home, and the honour which would be paid to the beautifulyoung bride by her husband's friends and relatives.
how miserable, howhumiliating, if all these dreams came to naught, and she found herselfbound to an unsuccessful man, with all her ambitions nipped in the bud!
lilias's thoughts roamed back over the past, and a dull resentmentagainst her _fiance_ grew in her mind; for did it not seem that he hadalways been unlucky, that the brief space of prosperity that hadpreceded her engagement had been the exception, not the rule, in hisexperiences?
old mr talbot had died while ned was still at college,and the necessity of looking after the business for the benefit of thefamily had compelled the young fellow to sacrifice his own hopes of aprofession, and settle down to a commercial life.
mr talbot had owned"works" of some kind; lilias had the haziest idea of their purport.
nedmanufactured "engines and things," she told her friends vaguely, andspent his days amidst clanking machinery, in an atmosphere impregnatedwith steam and oil.
a dozen years before, "the works" had been aprofitable concern, but it had steadily declined in value, as morepowerful firms monopolised the trade.
ned had struggled hard againstthe tide, but his term of management had been far from prosperous, andwhen, a year ago, his most formidable rival had come forward with anoffer to take over the smaller firm, and instal him in the position ofmanager over the united businesses, he had been thankful to accept, andto believe that his anxieties were at an end.
six months--scarcely sixmonths--and already he was beginning to feel uneasy, to suspect troubleahead!
lilias tightened her lips, and her eyes gave out an impatientflash.
it requires a noble nature to preserve unswerving confidence ina man through a period of reverse, and lilias was not capable of theeffort.
it seemed to her that such a want of success must surely bened's own fault, and something startlingly like dislike sprang up in herheart, as she realised how closely she herself would be involved in hisfailure.
her mother had declared that it was her duty to encourage nedin his quixotic scruples; but surely, surely, it was also ned's duty toconsider her interests, and to be ready to sacrifice his scruples, ifthey threatened injury to the future which she had agreed to share!
lilias was as angry as it was in her nature to be, but her love ofapproval made her unwilling to exhibit herself in so unamiable a mood,and she rushed upstairs to the porch room to recover her composurebefore joining her sisters in the garden.
the worst of belonging to alarge family, however, is that it is exceedingly difficult to secureprivacy, and, as fate would have it, who should be seated in the porchroom but nan herself, the very last member of the household whom liliaswould have wished to meet in the circumstances.
her flushed face andtearful eyes could not escape attention, but while maud would have beentactfully silent, elsie sympathetic, agatha gushing, and christabelapparently unconscious, nan must needs stare with all her eyes, whistlelike a schoolboy, and exclaim inelegantly--"halloa!
what in the world are you in a rage about now?"
as if she were in the habit of flying into rages everyten minutes of the day!
as if it were not universally acknowledged thatshe had the sweetest temper in the family!
lilias felt more irritatedthan ever, and would have enjoyed nothing so much as taking the bigblundering creature by the shoulders and giving her a good shaking.
shecontrolled herself, however, and answered with a gallant attempt atpathos--"rage is hardly the word, nan.
i am very, very miserable.
you don'tunderstand, and i am not at liberty to explain the reason.
i am introuble--horrible trouble!"
quoth nan sceptically.
"doesn't seem to have a chasteningeffect upon you.
it affects us all differently, i suppose.
i shouldhave said you were in a savage rage, if you'd asked me!"
"but i didn't ask you, you see, and it is very wrong of you to judge.
if i could tell you the truth, you would realise your mistake, but imust keep my own counsel."
"of course, of course!
don't tell me, i beseech you; i can't keep asecret if i'm paid for it," said nan calmly, and with an absence ofcuriosity altogether maddening to the listener.
there was nothinglilias wanted more than to be coaxed to tell her trouble and pose as asuffering martyr, for her sister's benefit.
she flounced out of theroom in high dudgeon, and nan stopped her work and looked after her withthoughtful eyes.
"this is the beginning," she said tragically to herself--"the beginningof the end!"
when ned talbot arrived a fortnight later, his face showed that hisanxiety had been no imaginary thing.
he looked, indeed, so worn andaged, that his friends were shocked to see him, and tears ofcommiseration rose in lilias's pretty eyes.
the consciousness that nedlooked to her for consolation roused a natural womanly tenderness in herheart, and nothing could have been sweeter than her behaviour on the dayof his arrival.
as for ned himself, fresh from the grim northern town,with the everlasting clang of machinery sounding in his ears, it seemeda very foretaste of paradise to find himself in the fragrant southerngarden, seated beneath the shade of the trees, with lilias's lovely facesmiling upon him.
he told her as much in lover-like fashion, and sheprotested modestly, and smiled more angelically than ever for the restof the evening, in order to live up to her reputation.
"we won't talk about disagreeable things to-night!
we will just behappy!"
she said coaxingly; and ned assented, only too thankful tobanish anxiety for a few hours, and to talk sweet nothings among theflowers.
lilias was the most delightful plaything in the world, andqueened it over him with such amusing little airs of sovereignty, thathe asked nothing better than to play the part of adoring slave.
so thefirst evening passed happily enough; but the next day brought the loversface to face with reality.
when a great anxiety is tugging at a man'sheart, it is not possible to banish it for more than a few hours at atime, and ned yearned for his sweetheart's sympathy, and felt acorresponding chilling of heart when she persistently checked hisconfidences, and tried to continue the playful banter of the firstinterview.
he could not respond, could not laugh and jest and paycompliments; the cloud of coming disaster seemed to blot out thesunshine, and the light words jarred upon his ears.
"it is no use, dear; i am sorry to be such a doleful companion, but icannot pretend to be cheerful.
you must bear with me, for my anxiety ison your account even more than my own," he told the girl tenderly.
"icannot bear to think of bringing anxiety upon you, when i had hopedinstead to have shielded you from it all your life; but trouble is saidto draw hearts more closely together, and if we stand shoulder toshoulder now we may find unexpected sweetness in the midst of ourtrial."
he looked at lilias entreatingly, and she gave a forced little smile.
"i should like to know exactly what the trial is, ned.
you have said agood deal about being unhappy in your letters, but nothing reallydefinite.
i can understand that, after being your own master, it istrying to accept a subordinate position, and that many little things jarand fret you, just because it is a new thing to be under subjection.
itis certain to be trying at first, but if you have patience--"ned stopped her with an exclamation, half amused, half irritated.
my dear girl, you don't understand of what you aretalking!
you surely don't imagine that it is about my own dignity thati am anxious!
i should not allow any personal slight to disturb myequanimity, for i did not make this change without counting the cost."
"but it is so different when it comes to the test.
however brave youhave resolved to be, you cannot help being annoyed and fretted.
oh, i know quite well," declared lilias, with an elaborate forbearancewhich seemed to have an irritating effect upon the hearer.
he drew inhis lips, as if struggling against a hasty reply, and when he spoke itwas in a tone of studied moderation.
"come and sit down, dear, and let me thrash this out!
it is your rightto know exactly how matters stand, and i will try to explain them toyou.
what affects me affects you now, so i look to you to advise andcounsel.
no one can help me as you can; no one has so much right tospeak; so let me begin at the beginning, and try to make all clear toyour dear little mind.
you know that at my father's death i had to giveup my own dream of going into a profession, in order to carry on theworks for the benefit of the family.
it had been decided that frank,the second boy, should take this place, but he was still a youngster,and could not then have taken so responsible a post.
it was a blow tome, for it was anything but the sphere which i should have chosen, andit was hard to have to give up all my own dreams--""it must have been!
i can sympathise with you, for i know the feeling.
nothing tries me more than to have my plans upset, and it is constantlyhappening in a house like this, where there are so many others toconsider.
and it must have been bad for the business too, for you knewnothing about it, and had no experience--"ned coloured, and made an uneasy movement with his shoulders.
as amatter of fact, his early days of authority had been accompanied bymistakes which he had been glad to forget, though he had mastered thedetails of the business in a surprisingly short space of time.
it wasnot pleasant to hear a reminder of his inexperience from the lips of his_fiancee_, and he could not stifle a reflection that it would have beenkinder on her part to have spared him even so covert a reproach.
hetried to hide all signs of annoyance, but there was an edge in his voiceas he replied--"i was inexperienced, no doubt, though perhaps not so much so as youimagine.
all my life i had been accustomed to spend a great deal oftime at the works, and as i grew up my father had taken me into hisconfidence about his growing anxieties, for even in his days he wasbeginning to feel the strain of competing with the bigger firms.
theday for small men is over, lilias, and one by one the privatemanufacturers go under, ruined by the struggle to compete with the greatfirms who are backed by practically unlimited capital.
it was a dyingcause which i had to fight, and i became more and more convinced of thefolly of holding on until everything was lost; and then, in the verynick of time, as it seemed, our most powerful rivals stepped forward andoffered to take over our business and to give me the post of manager.
there could be no doubt about accepting such an offer, and all myfriends rejoiced with me in the belief that the lean days were over, andthat a long lease of prosperity lay ahead."
"but why did they make you such an offer when your business was so badas you say?
i can understand that it was a capital thing for you, butwhere did they come in?
they must have had an idea that it was fortheir advantage as well as for yours, or they would not have tried toget you," said lilias, with a shrewdness that brought the smiles back toher lover's face.
"why, what a cute little woman!"
he cried fondly.
"she grasps theposition at once!
yes, of course, they made the offer for their ownadvantage, not mine, for, you see, dear, there were a certain number ofgood old-fashioned customers who still kept to us, and their businesswas well worth having, though not valuable enough to make our works paywhen the smaller orders dropped off.
by taking over our connection theymade a considerable addition to their profits, even allowing for thehandsome salary given to me.
looking at the offer from a business pointof view, i saw no reason to doubt its good faith, but six months'experience has raised some ugly doubts.
more than once of late i havefelt convinced--""of what?
what are your doubts?
what do you believe they mean to do?"
ned jumped to his feet, and stood facing the girl, with clenched handsand a face convulsed with emotion.
his eyes flashed, the veins stoodout upon his forehead.
"i believe that they mean to suck my brains,--to get all they can out ofme,--experience, introductions, connections, to suck me dry as theywould an orange, and then throw me on one side!
i believe that thesalary was a bait to bribe me to give up my independence, and that itdid not matter to them that it was unusually large, since at the verymoment of offering it they had determined that my lease of office shouldbe of precious short duration.
they cannot, for shame's sake, for theirown reputation's sake, dismiss me already, but in a hundred ways theyare bringing pressure to bear; in a hundred ways which you could notunderstand, they are making it impossible for me to go on,--forcing meinto resignation--""oh, hush, hush!
don't get excited.
you frighten me when you are sofierce.
i am sure you are mistaken.
you are worn out after all theseyears of anxiety, and imagine what is not true.
i am sure they do notwant to get rid of you; and if they did, what does it matter, since yousay yourself they dare not dismiss you?
come, be a good boy, and behappy with me, and forget all about this horrid old business.
all menhave worries, but they should try to forget them when they come home!
igive you full notice that i shall forbid business to be mentioned in ourhouse when we get one."
the glance which accompanied these words was meant to be irresistiblycoaxing; but, so far from being sobered yet, ned seemed goaded intofresh irritation.
you call it by a contemptible little name likethat, when i am face to face with ruin,--when our whole future istrembling in the balance?
don't you understand that there are thingsthat a man may not do, and that orders may be put upon him which hecannot obey and preserve his self-respect?
he may be forced to resigneven when he would gladly work his fingers to the bone, if by any fairmeans he could keep his post?"
cried lilias, with a deep, indrawn breath, as if now, at last,she had come to the real pivot on which the question hung.
"ah, yes,ned, i understand that if you once get the idea in that romantic head ofyours that you are being coerced to do what is not according to yourlights, there is an end of all peace until you are undeceived!
we haveknown you so long, remember, and heard all about your college days fromjim.
`don quixote,' they called you, because you were always taking uphigh-flown notions of duty.
it was delightful at oxford, and such agood example to the other men; but in business--you can't keep it up inbusiness, ned!
i am only a girl, but i hear people talk, and i knowquite well how it is.
it is impossible to make a living at all, if youare too particular what you do, and are always stopping to considerother people besides yourself.
you say that you were beaten by theother firms when you were managing your father's works, and now you willlet yourself be beaten again, if you give way to these foolishprejudices and scruples."
lilias finished with a breathless gasp, and ned stood looking down ather in silence.
an expression of absolute horror had grown in his eyesas he listened to her words, and now he threw himself down on the chairbeside her, and grasped her hands in appeal.
don't speak like that, darling!
my littlewhite girl, don't turn pleader against me!
you are to be my helpmeet,my good angel, the inspiration of my life; don't begin by wishing me todo less than my best!
i am not imagining difficulties--you know i amnot--but even if i were, would it not be better to lose something forconscience' sake, than deliberately to sell myself for gain?
i am ingreat perplexity, lilias, and need all my courage.
i beseech you not todiscourage me!"
his words were, in effect, a repetition of mrs rendell's on the samesubject, and now, as then, lilias was shocked into a softer, moreunselfish frame of mind.
the ready tears started to her eyes, and hervoice quivered with emotion.
"indeed, indeed, i long to help you!
i would not hinder you for theworld.
i was trying to reconcile you to your position--to save you, ifpossible, from worse trouble in the future.
i know you will neverconsent to do what is wrong, but if you are firm and patient, all maystill be well.
it is worth trying, at least, for if you threw up thispost what is to happen next?
you would have nothing to do."
"i could always earn a salary of a few hundreds a year.
if they havedone nothing else, these last years have given me a thorough technicalknowledge of my own business, and that has a marketable value nowadays.
with the influence of the old name to back me up, i could find some firmready to take me in and give me a subordinate post.
if i had onlymyself to think of, i should not worry my head, for i have never had anyambition to be a rich man; and the mater has her private income--i neednot be anxious about her.
the change would fall heaviest on you, and itis of you i think.
i meant to give you a home worthy of yourself, withevery luxury and comfort, but that may not be possible now.
can youforgive me, dear, for bringing all this trouble upon you?"
he looked wistfully into the lovely face, and lilias pressed her lipstogether, staring fixedly at the ground.
at that moment she could notbring herself to say that she forgave him, or to express anycomplaisance at the thought of the future.
imagination ran riot, andshe saw as in a picture a little house in a smoky manufacturing town,and shrank with distaste from its narrow walls and meagre furnishings.
ned might well declare that she was the greatest sufferer,and it was only right that he should pity her.
if this breakdown hadhappened three months before, her parents would not have consented toher engagement, and it should have been his duty to be well assured ofhis position before involving another, as she was now involved.
theswelling of resentment grew so strong, that, against her betterjudgment, it forced itself into speech.
"you seem fated to misfortune!
it follows you wherever you go.
butthis cannot all have sprung up within the last two months.
you musthave known something about it in march,--in april,--before you spoke tome!"
from the flash in ned's eyes she feared that he was about to make somehot reply, but he checked himself, and answered with gentle forbearance.
only, if she had had eyes to see it, the shadow had fallen deeper thanever over his face, and his shoulders bent, as if an additional burdenhad fallen upon them.
"no, lilias, i knew nothing!
i would never have proposed to you if ihad not honestly believed in my good prospects.
the difficulty hasarisen since then; but don't be afraid, i shall not urge you to anysacrifices on my behalf.
i will work hard, and you shall stay at homeuntil i can give you all you desire.
i will not ask you to share apoverty which you dread so much."
"i wouldn't mind it for myself.
it is of you i think!"
"i should love nothing so much as to help you, ned, but i amsuch a useless little thing that i should only be a drag.
if it hadbeen maud, it would have been different.
maud is cut out for a poorman's wife, and would be blissfully happy living on twopence-halfpenny aweek, and making it go as far as half a crown, but i am so stupid.
mymoney seems to fly away, and i could not be economical if my lifedepended on it."
ned sighed, and looked round the garden with a wistful air.
"i wish maud were at home!"
"she is always so good andhelpful.
it puts new strength in a man to hear her talk.
the housedoes not seem like itself when maud is away!"
remarked miss nan to herself the next afternoon, as she watchedthe lovers pacing the garden walk, "humph!
unless my eyes deceive me,relationships are strained between our dear young friends.
theatmosphere seems charged with--not electricity, but an amount of icewhich is suitable neither to the season nor the occasion.
strikes me,i'd better be out of the way!
i'll do an act of charity to another anda good turn to myself at one and the same time, and go and have tea withdiogenes!"
she spoke with a certainty of welcome, justified by the delight withwhich mr vanburgh invariably greeted her appearance, for she haddiscovered that nothing pleased him so much as to see her running in andout of the house, popping in for ten minutes' chat on her return from awalk, or livening a dull afternoon by taking her work across the road,and stitching by his couch.
this latter attention had also broughtabout the happy results of interesting the invalid in the coming sale,and more than one of nan's efforts was bought before it was completed,thereby affording that young lady a terrible temptation to scamp thework which remained.
on the present occasion, however, she was in alazy mood, and frowned sternly on her conscience, when it suggested thatshe should make use of the opportunity to finish a certain table centre.
no, indeed, she decided, she would do nothing of the kind.
unwillingwork was invariably a failure, and she felt no vocation to do anythingmore energetic than sit still and eat mr vanburgh's delicious cakes,and drink mr vanburgh's excellent tea.
she stood up then, and, as a preliminary step, regarded herselfcritically in the mirror, for among other things which had been borne inupon her concerning her new neighbour, one was that he was exceedinglyfastidious about appearances, and as sharp as a needle to discover anydiscrepancies in her attire.
he was too polite to put his criticismsinto words, but his face spoke volumes, and certain historic occasions,when she had sat smarting beneath the consciousness of a missing buttonor a crooked tie, had made a lasting impression on the mind of thecareless young woman.
nowadays, however fleeting might be her visit tothe grange, she never went without a careful examination of herappearance.
a shop window answered the purpose of a mirror, if nothingbetter could be found, and one morning, as agatha and christabel walkedalong the village street, they had been reduced to a state of speechlessamazement by discovering nan twisting and turning before the wiredwindows of the bank, with as much concern for her appearance as thoughshe had been lilias herself.
on the present occasion there were only a few stray locks to be pinnedin order, and then the glass reflected a charming picture of happygirlhood.
the pique skirt was fresh and neat; the pink shirt belted inby a natty white band, and the dark hair curled softly round the freshbright face.
nan stared at herself solemnly, contorting her face intothe curious, strained expression with which nine women out of ten regardthemselves in a mirror, twisted round, to be sure that her belt showedno unsightly gap, pulled her tie accurately into the middle of hercollar, and finally fastened on a sailor hat, and ran gaily across thestreet.
she did not go to the front door this time, for--unique andextraordinary sign of favour--to her, and to her alone, had been grantedpermission to use the garden gate, enter the house by the side door, andso make her way upstairs unannounced.
mr vanburgh had been anxious toput every facility in his favourite's way, for only an invalid canappreciate the brightness which had come into his life since this merry-hearted girl had taken compassion upon his loneliness.
to see herbonnie face peering in at the door, to hear her ringing laugh, andlisten to her voice, was better than any tonic, and seemed to put freshstrength into his feeble body.
up the stairs, then, nan ran, and made straight for the study where theinvalid spent his afternoons.
the door was closed, but to wait toannounce her arrival by a knock was a proceeding far too dignified forone of her impetuous nature; she merely turned the handle, thrust amischievous face round the corner, and announced boldly, "i've come totea!"
there was no answering exclamation of delight, and nan had justdiscovered, with a gasp of surprise, that the couch was empty, when atall, fair-haired man rose suddenly and confronted her.
"oh," cried nan, and stood agape with astonishment.
"i beg your pardon," drawled the stranger, and stared back out of a pairof handsome, sleepy eyes, "you--er--you expected to see mr vanburgh; iam sorry to say he is not very well--""not well?
oh dear, i'm sorry!
and are you the doctor?--have you comefrom town?"
the tall man smiled, as if, for some reason, the idea seemedquite preposterous to his mind.
"i am not the doctor.
i am mrvanburgh's nephew.
i was coming to visit him shortly in any case, andas i heard that he was not well, i thought it better to come down andsee for myself exactly how he was."
i am so vexed that i did not know about it, but i have beenso busy this week that i have not seen him since sunday.
he is reallyill?
not able to get up?"
"he has kept in bed for two days, but is coming in presently to join meat tea, so i hope that you--er--you will fulfil the intention with whichyou came!"
and the speaker smiled at the pretty girl with a suddenlighting of the sleepy eyes.
he was thinking to himself what amarvellous difference her coming had made in the aspect of the dim,solemn room.
all day long he had roamed about the house and groundswith the eerie feeling of being alone in an enchanted castle, where aspell of sleep was laid on the occupants.
wherever the eye lighted,some rare and costly treasure greeted the sight; the great rooms openedone into the other, while rare venetian mirrors reduplicated thetapestries on the walls and seemed to open out fresh vistas before theeye.
it was a palace among houses, a very storehouse of treasures, butthe want of life chilled the blood in the young man's veins.
not ahuman soul to be seen but the silent-footed servant with his foreigntongue, and the crippled master, dead already to all that makes lifeworth living!
all day long he had been alone, struggling with adepression which seemed to close more and more heavily around him; buthere, at last, was a creature like himself, young, radiant, full oflife, with the glow of health and happiness on her rosy cheek.
hisglance was so undisguisedly friendly that nan responded to it with asmile, and seated herself forthwith on her accustomed chair.
shynessnot being a complaint by which she was troubled, she saw no reason forrefusing the stranger's invitation, or for disguising the keen interestwhich she took in his own individuality.
"thank you; i'd like to stay," she said frankly.
"i am so pleased tomeet you, for i know all about you.
`gervase farrington vanburgh',"--she checked off each word on uplifted fingers, and nodded her head withan air of triumph at the completeness of her information.
"`the boundaries, lipton, devonshire.'
i have posted ever so many notesto you, and once i addressed an envelope.
perhaps you remember myscrawly writing, with long tails to the letters?
we were dreadfullydisappointed that mr vanburgh had no daughters, for we have not manyfriends of our own age, but he tried to console us by saying that youwere coming to pay him a visit.
i asked him especially to arrange itfor june, for we shall have our brother home then, and several thingsgoing on which will make it livelier than usual.
we have made all sortsof plans for your amusement!"
"that is kind; i appreciate it very much.
i have heard of you too, andof the pleasure which your acquaintance has given my uncle.
he wasgiving me an account of you all last night, from which i have nodifficulty in recognising you from your sisters.
you are miss lilias!"
whatever made you think that?"
gasped nan,staring at him with eyes so clear and honest, that, though an adept inthe gentle art of flattery, gervase vanburgh found himself incapable ofexplaining the reason of his mistake.
he could not tell nan rendellthat, after hearing lilias described as the beauty of the family, he hadat once identified her with the charming figure whose presence hadbrought sunshine into the gloomy house.
he murmured some vague excuse,while nan proceeded to expatiate on the difference between herself andher sister.
"lilias is fair, and i am dark; she has golden hair, and isquite grown up and staid and proper.
i am supposed to be grown up too,in the afternoons and in the evenings, but the mornings are my own, andthen i am disgracefully young, and behave as badly as if i were a childagain.
i wish i were!
i shall never be so happy again as i was in thedear old school-days."
nan's eyes roamed wistfully across the road tothe porch room, where elsie's sleek head could be seen bent over herwork, with agatha and christabel vaguely outlined at the table; thensuddenly her face lit up with mischievous smiles.
"if they could onlysee me!"
she told herself ecstatically.
"if the girls could see mesitting here talking to this strange young man!
they'd have a fit!
they'd go crazy with excitement!
i must, i must lure him to the window,and let them see us together!
they will never believe me unless i do."
she looked up, to meet gervase's eyes fixed upon her, and foundinspiration in his first remark.
"you are looking at your own house, are you not?
it is exactly oppositethis, i think.
my uncle pointed it out to me last night."
"yes, just opposite.
it stands on the road, as this one does, but wehave a lovely garden behind.
you can see a little bit of it from here!"
and wily nan led the way to the window, secure of bringing gervase inher train, and keeping him in evidence until it pleased her to finishher explanations.
the appearance of her own light dress was sufficientto attract elsie's attention; but what of the agitation of the three atsight of her companion?
elsie fled into the background--"the better tosee you, my dear,"--and nan's keen eyes could discern the three patchesof white made by the gaping faces, the while she smiled and posed, farmore for their benefit than that of her companion.
presently elsiedisappeared, and nan knew as well as if she had heard the words spoken,that the object of her flight had been to bring the opera-glasses fromthe drawing-room, when the three would take turns to stare at thestranger, and speculate as to his identity.
in the first mischievousenjoyment of the moment she found it impossible to face her companion,but when at last she did venture to meet his glance she was vastlyimpressed by his appearance.
a superfine specimen indeed, this gervasevanburgh, with his frock-coat, well-creased trousers, and immaculatelinen.
even nan, the unnoticing, noted the faultlessness of detailwhich characterised his attire, and had an instant perception that nedtalbot would look rough and countrified by his side, and even jimhimself suffer from the contrast.
evidently this was a dandy of thefirst water; yet, despite his languid bearing, his face was full ofintelligence, and decision of character was proclaimed in the large noseand square, clean-cut chin.
"what a mercy i tidied my hair!"
sighed nan to herself; and at thatmoment the door opened, and in came the italian servant, pushing hismaster before him in the wheeled chair in which he was moved from oneroom to another.
the invalid was looking more death-like than ever, buthis face lighted with pleasure at the sight of nan, while she ran to thesofa and arranged his cushions with loving solicitude.
when he wassettled she knelt beside him to exchange greetings, putting her hand onhis with a caressing gesture, and he held it firmly while he replied, asif gaining strength from the contact.
gervase vanburgh thought he hadnever seen so typical a picture of youth and age as that made by hisuncle and the bright-faced girl, and mentally contrasted this welcomewith the one given to himself the day before.
his uncle had never shownsuch pleasure on his arrival; but he felt no jealousy of the girl whowas so evidently preferred before himself; for, whatever his faultsmight be, he was free at least from any tinge of self-seeking.
the lazysmile lingered on his face as he listened to the exchange of questionand answer.
"this is a pleasant surprise, little woman!
when did you come across?
i did not hear of your arrival."
"bounced in ten minutes ago, and had such a fright to find a strangerhere instead of you.
why didn't you send at once to tell me that youwere worse?"
"because i could not have seen you if you had come.
on my bad days i ambest alone; but i am pulling round again, and am glad to have gervase'scompany.
you have made each other's acquaintance, i see!
i supposeneither had much difficulty in guessing the identity of the other."
"he thought i was lilias!"
said nan, glancing at gervase with laughingeyes.
"think of that!
he will be surprised when he sees her, won't he?
but i knew who he was in a moment.
now, tell me honestly, would yourather i went away?
i came meaning to stay to tea, but if you don'tfeel able to talk to two people at once i'll come again when you arealone.
i won't be a scrap offended!"
mr vanburgh smiled.
"i am sure you would not, but i should like you to stay, please.
wewant you to pour out tea for us; and i won't attempt to talk, but justlie still and amuse myself listening to you."
"but i never can be amusing when i try,--can you?"
said nan, appealingto gervase with a friendly smile.
"the girls at home think i amamusing, because i generally say the wrong thing at the wrong moment,which may be entertaining to them, but is very poor fun for me.
maudsays i speak first and think afterwards; but what can i do?
i once madea vow to cure myself of being impetuous by counting twenty slowly beforei began to speak, and i kept it religiously two whole days.
they seemedlike a month; and if i had persevered i should have become dumb, for bythe time i had counted twenty the conversation had hopped on to anothersubject, and any remark was hopelessly out of date!
so now i have goneback to my old ways, and say my say, and take the consequences."
"you don't look to me as if you were given to making painful remarks,"gervase remarked in a conciliatory tone, and nan straightened her backin defence of her own behaviour.
"wouldn't hurt a fly!
that's the worst part of it.
for i am so soft-hearted over other people's woes, that i shed tears regularly every timei meet a tramp, and he tells me that he is a discharged seaman who haslost his certificate, and only needs four and sixpence to take him to aport where he is certain to find fresh work.
they always have losttheir certificates and want a railway fare, but i can't help relievingthem and handing-over last saturday's money.
but a tender heart is notmuch use if you make awkward remarks and quote people's own doings totheir faces, as capital jokes against somebody else!
i got intoterrible trouble in that way with a caller only the other day, and if ihad had any sense i should have stopped in time, for i had plenty ofwarning.
her face grew all stiff and rigid, and i wondered what in theworld had given elsie such a cough all of a sudden.
is there any cure,do you think, for a habit like this--anything i could do to make myselfcareful?"
there was a pause while the two men looked at the eager face, smiled,and grew sober, as the question awoke memories from their own past.
"a practical kindness of heart, nan, which is not satisfied with faciletears and offerings, but takes continual thought of the feelings ofothers!"
"or a severe lesson!"
added the younger man thoughtfully.
"if youwounded some one very near and dear, and saw them suffer through yourthoughtlessness, you could never forget it.
i learnt that for myselflong ago, when--"but nan heard no more of what he said, for, with a flash, her eager mindhad leapt to the solution of the mystery.
that was what wasneeded.
love, the cure for every human fault.
she applied the test toher own experience, and found it abundantly proven.
had any word ordeed of hers hurt maud through the period of ultra-sensitiveness throughwhich that dear sister had passed?
ten thousand times, no!
on thecontrary, she had been quick to ward off blows, to turn dangerousconversations into new channels, to stand between the sufferer and theworld.
where she loved it was obvious that she could show both care andtact; it was want of love which lay at the root of her thoughtless actsand speeches.
gervase looked up at the conclusion of his story, to findthe girl staring blankly across the room, with a glimmer of tears in thebrown eyes, and was at a loss to guess the meaning.
"i'll begin this instant, and love every one in this world!"
nan wassaying to herself determinedly.
"it will be fatiguing, but so good formy character.
i'll think of what they will like, and what i can do forthem, and spend my time in good works.
what can i do now for these twomen?
it's no credit pouring out tea, for i want some myself; but imight do something for that poor gervase to-night, when mr vanburghgoes to bed, and he is left alone.
he looked dolefully dull when i camein, and i believe he would enjoy coming across and seeing us all, as hehas heard so much about us.
i'll ask him anyway, and see what he says."
the idea was so pleasant that the dimples came back to greet it; shelooked across at gervase with a brilliant smile, and struck amazement tohis heart by inquiring blandly--"would you like to come to dinner with us tonight?"
gervase vanburgh stared, as well he might, at so informal an invitation.
his uncle also struggled with a smile, and nan, tardily conscious ofher lack of formality, plunged headlong into explanations--"i meant to say that it will be lonely for you after mr vanburgh goesto bed, and i am sure mother would be delighted to see you.
we have nedtalbot, a friend of lil--of my brother jim staying with us, so thatthere would be two other men to keep you company.
when father and jimare away, we never ask gentlemen to the house, for mother says sevenwomen at one time are too great a tax on any man's nervous system; butyou wouldn't be afraid of us when there were two other men, would you?
the schoolroom girls don't come down until after dinner, so we arereally only three."
gervase vanburgh laughed aloud, and nan looked up with a quick flash ofapproval, for a laugh has a tell-tale sound, and this one rangunmistakably honest and true.
"i am not in the least afraid," he cried boldly.
"i'd like to see youall, school-girls included.
it is most kind of you to think of it, andif mrs rendell will really allow me, i shall be delighted to acceptyour invitation."
so nan ran across the street, and entered the house with the great newsthat gervase vanburgh had arrived, and--given a formal invitation--wascoming that very evening to make the acquaintance of the family.
by no one was the news of gervase vanburgh's advent greeted with moreenthusiasm than by lilias herself, for, truth to tell, the day hadseemed interminably long in the company of a depressed and anxiouslover.
the points of view from which ned and herself regarded hisposition seemed to grow more hopelessly far apart the more it wasdiscussed, and the consciousness that he was disappointed by her lack ofsympathy did not tend to raise lilias's spirits.
if the question atstake had not touched the all-important subject of future comfort, shewould have been willing to sacrifice her own wishes in order to preservened's approval, but in this crisis of their fate she would allow no suchweakness.
if her own parents seemed to place ned's scruples before herinterests, if ned himself were so ignorant of what was due to his_fiancee_ as to talk calmly of accepting the position of a clerk on afew hundreds a year, it behoved her to be firm, and make ned understandthat she would never be his wife until he could provide something morethan the bare necessaries of life.
nevertheless, the task of oppositionwas far from pleasant, and the grave wonder of his glance cut like aknife into her vain little heart.
it was a relief to know that the presence of a stranger would preventfurther reference to the subject for this evening at least, while thevanburgh nephew and heir was in himself a sufficiently interestingperson.
lilias put on her prettiest dress, and sat trifling with a bookuntil the company had assembled in the drawing-room, and the time wasripe for an effective entrance, when she glided into the room, andsmiled sweetly at the stranger, while nan watched his face withmischievous enjoyment.
he was surprised--there was no mistake aboutthat!
when lilias raised her face to his, he gave a distinct littlestart of surprise, and the sleepy eyes looked for once quite wide-awakeand animated.
"and the stupid fellow actually mistook me for her!"
chuckled nan toherself, with that pride in her sister's beauty which the rendell girlsshared so loyally, looking upon it as a family possession whichreflected credit on one and all.
"that's one mistake he will never makeagain, however much confused he may get among six sisters!"
conversation at the dinner table was of a general character; but everynow and then nan found an opportunity of exchanging a few quiet remarkswith gervase vanburgh, who sat next herself, the result of which was toassure her that she had found a character as diametrically differentfrom her own as it was possible to imagine.
she was full of energy, hewas languid to the verge of apathy; she had hard and fast opinions tooffer on every topic, known or unknown, while his "don't know!"
repeated themselves with wearisome echo.
she was afirewith ardour, with enthusiasm, with the burning desire to right allwrongs, redress all evils, bring peace on earth, and start themillennium without a moment's delay; judging from appearances, he seemedincapable of any sort of emotion, and possessed with the conviction thatnothing was really worth taking any trouble about.
nan grew irritated beyond measure, wriggled about on her seat, shruggedher shoulders, and crumbled her bread, unconscious alike of her father'ssmiles and her mother's frowns, and, when actions failed to relieve herfeelings, was forced into emphatic speech.
"nothing interests you, nothing gives you pleasure!
you care fornothing, you hope for nothing!
i wouldn't be like you for the wholewide world!"
she declared; and gervase vanburgh fixed his melancholyeyes upon her, and said tragically--"and i would give the whole wide world if i could once more care andhope like you!"
this was disconcerting.
nan had not expected so speedy a concession,and she followed her mother from the room oppressed by the remembranceof that melancholy look, and consumed with curiosity as to its cause.
money anxiety it could not be, seeing that mr vanburgh's heir neednever fear want; but a broken home, disappointed love, and faithlessfriendship held out wide avenues for speculation.
nan sat and pondered,listening meekly to her mother's reproofs, while inside the dining-roommr rendell could not resist putting a home question to his visitor.
"you were amused by my little girl's enthusiasm!
i saw her growing hotand eager, and had a strong suspicion that you were leading her on!
sheis a most fervent young person, and cannot understand being less than indeadly earnest over any question."
"she is er--refreshingly young!"
replied gervase in his soft, drawlingvoice.
he took no notice of the charge made against himself, but wenton peeling his fruit with an air of pensive exhaustion, at which the twoelder men exchanged glances of amusement.
he looked at once so young,so healthy, and so prosperous, that this affectation of depression hadsomewhat of a ludicrous air to men who knew the world and hadacquaintance with real and pressing anxieties.
ned talbot looked acrossthe table at the handsome youngster, and heaved a sigh to the memory ofthe good old days when he also was happy enough to invent troubles, andphilosophise darkly concerning unknown woes.
he had come south with aheart heavy with care, yet with an expectation of comfort which hadtaken away half the sting, but that hope had been doomed todisappointment, and on the morrow he must return to his work with anadded fear in his heart.
could it be that he had been mistaken inlilias?
as a man eating a soft bloomy peach jars his teeth suddenlyagainst its stone, so had ned found himself confronted with a hardnessin his _fiancee's_ nature which had brought with it a shock ofdisillusionment.
surely, surely, if a girl were ever to be sweet andsympathetic to the man whom she had promised to marry, it was when hewas threatened by misfortune; but lilias evidently refused to believe inhis version of affairs, and cherished a grudging conviction that he wassacrificing her to romantic scruples.
he had talked, and pleaded, andreasoned--it was like hitting one's self against a wall.
she neverswerved from her position, her voice never lost its tone of studiedtoleration; and now he sat, the poor fellow!
listening dreamily to theconversation between the other two men, too weary and depressed to takeany active share in it himself.
when a movement was made towards the drawing-room half an hour later,however, lilias was discovered leaning against the lintel of the window,looking so young, so sweet and fragile, that every chivalrous instinctrose up in her defence.
such a girl was not made to endure hardships,ned reflected tenderly.
the man who was lucky enough to own her shouldbe prepared to carry all burdens on his own shoulders.
he was ready!
oh yes; if lilias would but love him faithfully, he would work for herwith the strength of twenty men.
he was eager to tell her so, toapologise for his harshness of the afternoon; and, stepping past intothe garden, he caught her hand in his, and tried to draw her away.
"come, dear, come!
let us walk round the garden.
i want to speak toyou alone."
lilias laughed, gave a caressing little squeeze to his hand, but stoodfirmly in her position.
gervase vanburgh and her father wereapproaching, and a general conversation seemed at the moment moreinteresting than a _tete-a-tete_ with her lover.
so far she had hadlittle opportunity of speaking to the stranger, and his appearance bothinterested and perplexed her.
the air of languid elegance whichprovoked nan, filled her sister with admiration, yet there was somethingbaffling in the expression of the sleepy eyes.
lilias had anuncomfortable impression that those eyes might be very keen onoccasions, and would have suspected a quizzical expression at thepresent moment, had the idea not been so palpably absurd.
why shouldgervase find anything amusing in her attitude?
it was surely a mostnatural thing that she, as the eldest daughter at home, should wait forthe gentlemen, while her sisters went out into the garden, and, thatbeing so, where should she stand, if not by the window?
nevertheless,the slow, quiet smile which followed his glance around, sent the bloodinto her cheeks, and seemed to intimate that he was as well aware asherself of the appropriateness of the background, and the care which haddevised that seemingly careless pose!
so disconcerted was she that shewould have been inclined to retire in ned's company had he pressed hisrequest a second time, but he was silenced by the first refusal, and thelittle group stood together exchanging commonplaces, until a white dressappeared among the rose-bushes, and nan's voice called out an unabashedsummons--"i thought you were never coming!
why don't you come out?
it'sperfectly lovely here.
the roses smell so delicious in the dusk; andoh, father, there are two whole flowers on the little pink-belledsaxifrage you brought home from norway!"
cried mr rendell in tones of incredulous ecstasy, which stampedhim on the spot as one of the noble army of gardeners.
he hurriedforward to inspect the new treasures, while nan went down on her kneesto hold up their tiny heads and expatiate on their fragile beauty.
whenshe arose five minutes later, she found two surprises awaiting her, thefirst being the presence of mr vanburgh by her side, and the second,alas!
two large green stains on her white skirt, in the middle of thefront seam, where she had knelt on the dewy grass.
her face of dismayas she pointed downwards evoked a laugh from the two men, but mrrendell checked himself, glanced over his shoulder towards where hiswife paced to and fro, and said quickly--"better run upstairs, dear, and change it.
no need to be distressed;you have plenty more, i suppose, and it will wash."nan groaned in a sepulchral fashion, and shook her head.
"you don't understand!
it's an evening skirt with trimmings, not anordinary pique.
my very best too!
i put it on because mr vanburgh wascoming, and now it's spoilt!"
"oh, surely not!
don't say that; it makes me feel so horribly guilty.
let me try if i can rub it off," cried the visitor eagerly; and, beforenan could protest, out came a superfine hemstitched handkerchief, andgervase began rubbing the damaged skirt with such vigour, that thestains grew larger and larger, and increased their borders so rapidlythat they met and blended in one great whole.
his face lengthened withhorror as he withdrew his handkerchief, and gazed upon the results ofhis labour; and nan said dismally--"thank you so much!
it's much worse now!
wish i were old enough towear black always, and not be bothered.
my life's a burden to mebecause of my clothes!"
"for the mother's pride the child must suffer pain!"
cried mr rendell,laughing.
"that is what kitty said, isn't it, when her mother insistedon pinning down the end of her collar?
better confess at once, mops,and get it over!
tell your mother she can send it to the cleaner's, andi'll stand the racket."
"come and tell her yourself.
d-oo, ducky darling!
sweetest father inall the world, come and plead for me!"
coaxed nan, hanging on to hisarm, and rubbing his face with her soft cool cheek, while he affected topush her away, and in reality allowed himself to be led where she wouldtake him.
mr vanburgh followed, stroking his moustache to conceal his smile, andmrs rendell's quick eyes saw their approach, and fixed themselvessternly upon nan's ruined skirt.
"another accident, edith, worse luck!
the grass would get damp, andmops and i were so interested in looking at our plant that we forgoteverything else, and--""so i observe!
it is a pity, but i am not surprised.
what can oneexpect from nan, but destruction!"
mrs rendell spoke with melancholyresignation, while the assembled sisters looked on with solemn eyes.
dainty lilias, pensive elsie, kindly agatha, christabel the immaculate,they stood gazing in a solid phalanx of disapproval, while nan theculprit hung her head and flushed with embarrassment.
a moment latermrs rendell had turned the conversation into another channel, unwillingto prolong the present discussion in the presence of a stranger, and nanseized the opportunity to escape to the far end of the garden.
gervasevanburgh stood in her path, and spied the glimmer of tears on the darkeyelashes as she passed by.
then she disappeared, and elsie's chindropped with amazement as she saw the elegant stranger deliberately marka stone on the path, and kick it savagely with the toe of his patentleather shoe.
"bland of exterior, but concealing beneath the surface secret andviolent impulses!"
such was the character given to gervase vanburgh inmiss elsie rendell's diary that evening; and perhaps for once theyouthful author was not far wrong in her conclusions!
the next morning at ten o'clock the italian servant was entrusted with amessage from his master which created a wild excitement in the rendellfamily.
mr vanburgh was restored to his usual health, and wished tocelebrate that fact, and provide at the same time a little entertainmentfor his nephew, by giving an _alfresco_ luncheon in the garden, to whichhe invited his friends at thurston house.
the meal would be servedunder the beech-tree on the lawn, and mr vanburgh hoped to welcome hisguests at one o'clock precisely.
"but not all of us!
there are six of us--six women--not to mention mrtalbot.
mr vanburgh cannot mean to include the school-room party!
theelder ones will be delighted to accept, but--""_mother_!"
agatha laid hold of the back of a couch,and prepared to faint on the spot, and the italian looked from one tothe other, a gleam of amusement showing in the dusky eyes.
"my master would be much disappointed, madam.
he wishes especially theyoung signorinas.
i am to bear an invitation also to mrs maitland andto miss kitty."
that settled the matter!
if kitty were going, it would be nothing shortof cruelty to keep her companions at home, so mrs rendell sent ageneral acceptance to the invitation, and shrugged her shouldersresignedly as each of the five girls hugged her in turns, and deafenedher with questions.
"mother, what shall i wear?"
"mother, my pique skirts have not come home from the wash!
i wish youwould leave that horrid laundry.
it's the third time--""mother, will my pink blouse do?
it's the nicest i have, and it's onlya little bit soiled on the sleeves, and if i wore clean cuffs--""mother, need i change?
can't i go as i am, and be happy?
i might wantto climb over a fence, and it's such spiky work."
"mother, i think we should all go dressed alike in white dresses andblue ties, and march across the road in a crocodile.
itwould be such fun!"
mrs rendell pressed her hands to her head in distracted fashion.
"if every single one of you is not out of this room in two minutes fromnow, i'll retract, and send a refusal instead!
get away to your work!
i'll see you separately later on, if you want instructions, but surelygirls of your age ought to be able to dress without my assistance!
theonly thing i bargain for is that you are _not_ alike, for that wouldonly accentuate your number, and as it is i feel ashamed to appear withsuch a battalion."
"lilias, need we go?"
ned talbot slid his hand through his _fiancee's_arm, and drew her into the garden.
"if the party is too large, whyshould we not reduce it by two, and have a quiet little lunch byourselves?
i must leave before four o'clock, and if we go to the grangeit will mean that we have no more time together, for we cannot run awayimmediately after lunch.
mr vanburgh would understand our position ifwe sent an excuse."
cried lilias, and the tone of reproach was so eloquent thatthere could be no mistaking her wishes on the subject.
"oh, ned, thefirst time we have been asked!
our first invitation!
you couldn'treally wish me to refuse it.
i should be so dreadfully disappointed.
you don't know how much we have longed to be asked, or what castles inthe air we have built about this day!"
"very well, dear; don't trouble yourself.
we will do just as youplease," said ned wearily.
he tried to convince himself of thereasonableness of lilias's position, and to show no sign of resentment;but the jar was there all the same, and seemed to set up a barrierbetween them in all they did and said.
if any one had foretold that heshould feel time drag heavily in lilias's company, and cast about in hismind for subjects on which to talk, how he would have derided the idea!
yet, alas, it had come true, for he felt a distinct sense of gratitudetowards nan when she thrust her head out of a bedroom window andsummoned lilias to her assistance.
when there is no sympathy in thegreat principles of life, small talks become increasingly difficult, asthis poor fellow was discovering to his cost.
punctually at one o'clock the door of thurston house was thrown open,and mrs rendell was discovered standing upon the threshold, issuingfinal directions to her flock.
my dear, good girls, if you insist upon speaking alltogether, how am i to make myself heard?
pray calm yourselves, andbehave like reasonable beings.
don't let me have the humiliation oftaking about a crowd of excited children who might never before havebeen outside their own gate!"
then she marched majestically ahead, withthe demure elsie as her companion, while the engaged couple followed,and each of the three remaining girls fell back in turns to cast acritical glance at her companions.
half-way across the road nan's beltwas discovered to have parted company with the skirt, and the moststrategic measures were necessary in order to secure it before hermother reached the door of the grange.
"and remember, all of you, not to put your arms round her waist!
thepin will stick out, whatever i do with it," said christabel darkly; thenthe door was thrown open, and the butler led the way across the halltowards the entrance to the garden.
each member of the visiting partywas consumed with curiosity to examine the beautiful objects on eitherside, but had too much ado to keep her footing on the slippery oak floorto have any attention to spare.
lilias clung to ned's arm, mrs rendelland elsie minced along with tiny footsteps, and nan waited until no onewas looking, and then gave giant strides from one mat to another, orclung to a friendly rail to help her round slippery corners.
then atlast the garden was reached, and there, beneath the trees, stood anenchanted table, laden with everything that was beautiful in the way ofglass and china, and banked up with a wealth of pink roses.
mr vanburgh's couch was drawn up at its head, and kitty maitland sat athis side, bearing herself with that preternatural solemnity of mannerwhich she invariably adopted along with her best dress and hat.
amoment later mrs maitland and gervase appeared from behind a tree, andthe elders shook hands and murmured the meaningless speeches common tosuch occasions, while kitty took an early opportunity of stepping tochrissie's side, and calling her attention to the splendours on thetable in a series of awed and breathless whispers.
it breaks if you look at it!
i daren'tdrink a drop out of those tumblers, and i'm so thirsty!
such strawberries!--big as peaches, my love, and such lots of them.
ifeel like the queen of sheba.
there's no spirit left in me, it's all sogrand and gorgeous."
"i like it.
it suits me!
i was born to splendour!"
said chrissie, withan air.
"i call it awfully sweet of him to do the thing so well.
butwhat a dreadful number of knives and forks!
i shall never know which touse.
i wish i had asked mother about it before we came, for i do sodetest making mistakes.
before a butler, too--so humiliating!
and yeti don't want to refuse anything i can help!"
take all that comes, and crumble bread until you see howother people eat it.
that's my dodge when i go out to lunch withmother.
i say, how do you like the nephew?
doesn't he look ex-actlylike the tailor's advertisement that you see in the shop windows?
ihave never seen any man look like that before, and want to pinch him, tosee if he is real.
do you suppose it's possible to be so handsome, andyet as nice as if he were ugly, like jim?"
gasped jim's outraged sister furiously.
"gwendolinemaitland, you are raving!
jim is the best-looking man i know, and i'lltell him the moment that he comes home that you said--""jim won't mind.
i told him so myself last year.
he asked how i likedhis moustache, and i said it was `stubbly,' and he said moral worth wasbetter than brilliantine.
there's none of your nasty pride about jim."
chrissie glared, but kitty refused to be annihilated, and crinkled hernose in sauciest defiance, whereupon her companion stared into spacewith an expression of disdain.
an onlooker would have concluded that aserious quarrel had taken place; but such small interludes were ofcommon occurrence in the friendship of these two young women, and fiveminutes later they were pinching each other in the most amicable manner,and whispering, "sit by me!
sit by me!"
as if true happiness could notbe enjoyed apart.
during the meal which followed there was ample opportunity of "crumblingbread," for the vanburgh cook had received instructions to eclipsehimself for the young ladies' benefit, and the succession of curiousunknown dishes which he sent to table would have puzzled moreexperienced "diners out" than the members of the present party.
aprettier scene could hardly be imagined than the table under the trees,with the green lawn sweeping away on either side, the foreign servantsflitting to and fro, and the six girlish faces of the guests beamingwith delighted approval.
elsie's eyes grew large and dreamy, as shementally rehearsed the most appropriate language in which to chroniclethe event in her diary.
such expressions as "arabian nightsentertainment," "green sward," and "princely splendour," figured largelyin the description, which ran to an inordinate length, and still seemedto have left half the wonders untold.
nan spoke little during the meal, but, like the proverbial parrot,noticed much.
she noticed that, though the utmost courtesy wasmaintained between uncle and nephew, the elder man was evidently annoyedby the persistent nonchalance of the younger; and she had a shrewdsuspicion that gervase knew as much, yet did not trouble himself torectify it.
she noticed that, while ned was depressed, lilias's moodwas of the gayest and sweetest; and she noticed that gervase noticed asmuch, and studied the lovers narrowly from his point of vantage acrossthe table.
she heard dear old agatha discussing politics with her host,and quoting her father wholesale in her gallant attempt to be grown upand important; and she chuckled audibly over the two schoolgirls'enjoyment of the fare.
then at last the meal was over, and she heaved asigh of relief that all had passed off without catastrophe and withcredit to the family.
no one had broken the fragile glass, no one hadbetrayed a plebeian ignorance of the _convenances_, nor showed ill-bredsurprise.
they had examined the _menu_ with an understanding air, asthough every other name was not as greek to their ears, and hadrefrained from any signs of approval more noticeable than pressures offeet under the table, and occasional sly joltings of elbows.
the two ladies stayed beside mr vanburgh, while the younger members ofthe party strolled about the grounds, gervase vanburgh first walkingwith lilias, and then making an excuse to cross to nan's side.
hesmiled as he came, and his first words showed that he had grasped thesituation without any need for words.
"i shall get myself disliked if i stay there any longer!
mr talbotleaves in another hour, i think, so it is hardly fair to him to engrossyour sister."
"but how do you know anything about mr talbot?
i never told you,"cried nan in amaze; and gervase smiled in his aggravating, lazy fashionas he replied--"oh no, you simply said that `a friend of lil--a friend of my brotherjim' was staying with you at present.
that was all, i think.
you gaveme no information."
"which means that i did, of course, and blurted out everything in mystupid, headlong fashion," sighed nan dolefully.
"it doesn't mattermuch in this case, for a good many people know; but mother wishes itkept as quiet as possible, because--""just so.
but i assure you that even without your hint i should havediscovered for myself that they were at present engaged; so there is nonecessity to blame yourself."
nan wheeled round upon him with flashing eyes.
"why do you say `at present'?"
she demanded; and gervase smiled inimpenetrable fashion.
"did i say so?
they are engaged, of course.
i wish misslilias every happiness, and congratulate mr talbot on his good taste.
she is certainly a lovely girl."
"oh, isn't she?"
cried lilias's sister gladly.
"i knew you would sayso.
you see now how absurd it was to mistake me for her, and what adifference there is between us!
i knew quite well you would besurprised."
gervase vanburgh put back his head, and stared at her with a scrutinywhich was not without a touch of cynicism; but the eager face he met wasat once so frank and so honest, that the sneer faded from his lips andgave place to a smile.
"yes," he said slowly, "there is a great difference.
i cannot imaginetwo people more unlike.
you are complete contrasts in every respect."
"she is so fair, and i am dark," sighed nan, a trifle abashed by sovehement an assent, but striving loyally to conceal her discomfiture.
"lilias is our beauty, and we are all very proud of her; but you cannotreally know the family until you have met maud.
maud is the eldestsister, and the best and sweetest of them all.
she isn't pretty, butshe is such a dear that every one loves her.
`maud of all work' jimcalls her, because she is always helping other people and forgettingherself."
"most exemplary, i'm sure.
drawled gervase with ayawn, at the sound of which the last trace of nan's patience gave way.
she stood still in the path and fixed him with a glittering eye; but thespeech which swelled in her throat was slow in coming, choked back byvery excess of emotion.
gervase, in some alarm, demanded the cause ofher agitation, and received a straighter answer than he expected.
"i don't care to speak about maud to a person who only sneers at hergoodness.
if you don't mind, i'd rather talk about the weather, and thegarden, and things that don't matter; and then i can keep as indifferentas you are yourself, and we sha'n't quarrel."
i beg a hundred pardons, miss nan, if i have appeared tosneer at anything you say; but i assure you that i have never yetvoluntarily sneered at goodness; so that in this instance at least youare doing me an injustice.
you must believe me, please, for i amthoroughly in earnest."
"yes, i see you are.
i'm sorry that i misjudged you."
"and i am sorry too.
you are sorry, i am sorry, we are both sorry, sonow suppose we drop this subject and start afresh.
i'd like to befriends with you if you will; for i expect we shall see a good deal ofeach other in future, and it would distress my uncle if we disagreed.
do you think you could sign a treaty of friendship with me?"
"well," said nan slowly--and then paused, too honest to pledge her wordwithout counting the cost--"i could, but i'm not sure that it wouldlast.
we are so different.
would you mind answering one personalquestion?"
"i'll answer fifty with pleasure if it's in my power."
"then have you known some awful trouble?
has something dreadful, heart-breaking, happened to you, which you are trying to cover up and hidefrom the world?"
gervase stared at her in amazement, which ended in a laugh.
i have had an absolutely smooth life--too smooth, i amafraid, for the growth of character.
now i wonder what made you takesuch an idea into your head!"
"i thought perhaps your heart was broken, and that was why you took nointerest in anything that was going on."
"do i take no interest?
i was under the impression that i took a greatdeal--sometimes; but i have learned to conceal my feelings.
you may notperhaps be aware that english boys are educated in this fashion,nowadays.
at a public school it is considered `bad form' to beenthusiastic on any subject.
`not bad' or `pretty decent' are thesuperlatives of praise, and anything more emphatic is sure to besnubbed.
perhaps i have been too apt a disciple in that school."
"i call it a hateful school!
and if i had a hundred sons i would not letone of them be trained under such an influence.
if a boy is not to beenthusiastic when he is young, when will he be, pray?
youth is the timefor noble dreams, for enthusiasm which carries all before it.
it is theenthusiasm of youth which keeps the world moving.
none of your languidhalf-measures for me!"
declaimed nan dramatically, backing into aflower-bed in her earnestness, and trampling half a dozen begoniasbeneath her heels.
"life is real--life is earnest!"
"it is indeed," cried gervase, laughing; "and so, if you will permit meto say so, is my uncle's gardener, when he is roused!
begonias, ifancy, are his special passion.
miss nan, you will have to be friendswith me whether you will or not, for our natures are so different thatwe could be of infinite service to each other.
you could inspire mewith your own enthusiasm, and i, in my turn, could curb and restrainyou."
"but, dear me," cried nan, "i don't want to be curbed!"
then she lookedat the begonias, and her face fell.
"but i suppose, like alldisagreeable things, it would be good for me; so i'll be friends, if youlike, mr vanburgh, and take my share of the discipline."
"i feel much honoured.
it shall be my endeavour to be as littledisagreeable as i can," said gervase vanburgh, with his courtly bow; andthus were the deeds signed in a friendship destined to have far-reachingconsequences.
nan's compact of friendship with gervase vanburgh was announced to thefamily, and received with acclamation by the younger sisters, and withshocked disapproval by grown-up lilias.
she pronounced it.
"you ought to remember, nan, thatyou are no longer a child in the schoolroom, and that such an intimacywith a man of mr vanburgh's age is simply another word for flirtation.
it is all very well to call it friendship, but everybody knows perfectlywell what it means!"
she stopped short with an expressive wave of the hands, and nan glaredat her with flashing eyes.
"if there is one thing more than another that i loathe--and detest--andscorn--and despise," she replied, dropping out each word with vindictiveemphasis, "it is looking upon every man one meets in the light of apossible husband, and taking for granted that you can't be civil to himwithout making a fool of yourself!
i don't know quite what you mean by`flirting,' unless it is giggling and making eyes, as some idiotic girlsdo; and i am quite sure that i am in no danger of following theirexample!"
"you know perfectly well, nan, that it means much more than that; andmr vanburgh is a man of the world, and understands exactly to what youare lending yourself.
judging by his manner, i should call him anaccomplished flirt!"
"very well, then, i will ask him about it on the first opportunity.
iwill tell him what you say, and find out what his ideas are, beforethings have gone any further."
a gasp of dismay sounded round the schoolroom, for the listeners knewthat nan was perfectly capable of putting her threat into words, and,moreover, that in her present state of indignation it was certain thatshe intended to do so.
lilias broke into angry protests, but nan's icy,"don't be alarmed!
i shall not mention your name," showed that the truereason of her discomfiture had been gauged, and she could only hope thatno opportunity would occur for the putting of such a question beforegervase left the grange.
in this hope, however, she was doomed to bedisappointed; for mr vanburgh invited nan to tea on the following day,and she departed, primed with determination.
it seemed at first thatshe would have no opportunity of broaching the all-important subject;but when tea was over, gervase proposed a walk round the grounds, andnan was no sooner clear of the house than she gave a preliminary littlecough, and said, in sententious accents--"mr vanburgh, we have agreed to be friends, but i should like to hear,as a preliminary measure, exactly your definition of the term.
what isa friend?"
gervase's eyes twinkled and his lips twitched beneath his moustache, buthe made a gallant attempt at seriousness, and replied--"a friend is a comrade who is faithful not only in words, but in deeds.
my friend is one who will make personal sacrifices to ensure my welfare;who will not hear me maligned behind my back, but will reprove me to myface when i have done wrong.
my friend is one who cares for me formyself, apart from my circumstances, and will be most loyal and lovingin the time of trouble!"
cried nan enthusiastically.
those are exactly my own sentiments, only i could not have putthem into words.
i had no idea you were so eloquent.
now, anotherdefinition, please.
what is a flirt?"
an expression of the most complete amazement passed overgervase vanburgh's face as he echoed the word, for this was, indeed, thelast question which he had expected to hear from nan rendell's lips.
"you want me to define a flirt?
that is a little more difficult, but iwill try what i can do.
`one who practises the art of flirting,' thedictionary would tell us, with its usual admirable candour, but thatdoesn't seem to give much enlightenment.
a flirt, i should say, is theantithesis of a friend, for he affects more than he feels; he flattersand makes pretty speeches, while in effect he may be critical anddisparaging.
he thinks of himself and his own amusement, and is so muchconcerned for the gratification of his own vanity that he often inflictsserious wounds on the hearts of others."
"so bad as that?
horrid things, how i despise them!
i can't imaginehow people can make themselves so contemptible.
well, whatever may bemy faults, i can honestly say i am not a flirt; but some people are sosuspicious that they are always imagining mischief.
some one said tome--i mean, i've heard it said--that when a man and a girl like you andme agree to be friends, it is just another way of beginning aflirtation.
it made me very angry when i heard that; but now that ihave asked you, i am quite satisfied, for it seems impossible to mix thetwo things together.
you can't flatter a person when you have agreed totell him his faults; you can't feign a sentiment which is real.
i knewi was right, though i could not argue it out; but for the future isha'n't mind a bit when you say nasty things to me, for i shall feelthey are a proof of friendship; and i shall find fault with you on everypossible occasion, just to show that i am not flirting, and have onlyyour own good at heart."
nan stopped short, quite out of breath with eagerness, and gervaselooked at her with a scrutinising smile.
he was saying to himself, "somebody said, did she?
i wishsomebody would mind her own business, and not put foolish ideas intoyour innocent little head.
somebody has her own hands pretty full, iimagine, and might be better employed looking after her own affairs;"but aloud he said simply--"we will make a compact that we will never flirt with each other, but bethe truest and most candid of friends; and, to begin as we mean to goon, lay your instructions upon me now for my conduct during my absence.
you know my life--an idle one, unfortunately--living in my own place,among my own tenants, in a sleepy little corner of the earth, whichaffords no opportunity for adventure.
i fear i shall come back with noheroic deeds to recount!"
"`do the work that's nearest,  though it's dull at whiles,  helping, when you meet them,  lame dogs o'er the stiles!'"
quoted nan impressively.
"that's one of my pet verses, which i quote tocomfort myself when i am burning to do great deeds, and have to hemdusters instead.
be thankful you are a man, and have not to hemdusters; and try to take an interest in your tenants, and help them overtheir stiles.
i'm sure many of them are lame, and longing for you tocome to their aid; and really and truly it would do you all the good inthe world to think of something beside yourself!"
"i have never yet found any one who interested me so much; but i willmake the effort.
and for yourself--look where you are going, think whatyou are doing, be a trifle more circumspect in coming downstairs andbicycling round corners, and i will hope to meet you again in health andstrength and with as few broken limbs as may be at the end of anothermonth.
goodbye, little friend!
all good be with you!"
he held out his hand, and smiled upon her in the slow, kindly fashionwhich already seemed familiar in her eyes, and nan felt a sudden warmthat her heart, as at the realisation of a new joy in life.
"good-bye," she cried heartily; "and i'm glad i promised.
i'm glad weare going to be friends."
"in work, in work, in work alway, let my young days be passed, that imay fade away and die, as i am doing f-ast!"
sighed kitty maitland oneafternoon a month later, as she sat in the porch-room, surrounded with amountain of needlework, on which she was laboriously stitching labels,while the elder girls consulted together as to prices, and elsie pliedan iron at a side-table, smoothing away disfiguring creases andcrumples.
it was amazing to see the quantity of work which had beengathered together, and nobody was more surprised at the amount than theworkers themselves.
when the contents of drawers, ottomans, andcupboards had been gathered together and laid on the table, the girlshad gasped with amazement.
who could have believed that their littleefforts could have achieved such a whole?
who could have credited thatfriends would have come forward with such generous and ready help?
during the last few days parcels had arrived by every post, and from themost unexpected sources; while good, kind maud had come home from pariswith a box full of spoils from the louvre and bon marche.
liliasdeclared that her heart leapt within her when she reflected that she hadoriginated the beneficent scheme; but nan vowed that it made her tiredeven to look at the things, and reflect how hard-worked she must havebeen; and kitty, as has been seen, went in absolute fear of her life!
"i never want to see another pin-cushion so long as i live!"
sheannounced tragically, as she tacked the label on the last of theseuseful articles, and tossed it impatiently to her companions.
"if youcharge more than one and six for that beauty, it's a cheat, for it's aregular museum of odds and ends.
this grows monotonous.
let mego out into the garden and begin preparations there.
my master mind iswasted sitting here sewing on labels.
i want scope--variety!"
"you can't get it then, until you have finished the work on hand.
itought not to matter to you what you do, so long as you are helpingforward," said lilias severely.
"to-morrow morning will be plenty oftime to arrange the tables."
"if it is fine!
i am sorry to discourage you, but it is rainingalready.
i see five drops on the window-pane," announced elsie in atone of satisfaction, born of the remembrance that she had "told themso!"
months ago, and that they had refused to believe her; but hertriumph was short-lived, for the girls only laughed at her five drops,called her their "faithful croaker," and altogether played such havocwith her dignity that she retired within her shell in displeasure.
hadthe occasion been less important, she would have flown to her room topour out her woes to the ever-sympathetic diary; but no personal slightcould be allowed to interfere with work to-day, for at four o'clock jimwould arrive, and never should it be said that the rendell girls wereengaged on their own devices when the one and only brother returned tohis home!
the first few hours after jim's arrival could be spent in noother way than gazing upon him, in drinking in his words, and hangingaround him in adoring admiration.
by four o'clock the porch-room was abandoned, and each sister, attiredin her best blouse and freshest skirt, was craning her head out of thedining-room window, while kitty maitland hovered in the background,scarcely less excited than themselves.
he stepped out of thefly, paid the cabman, and lounged up the path, lifting his head to nodin patronising fashion to his adorers.
he was no apollo of beauty, nosamson of strength, but just an ordinary-looking young man in anordinary grey suit, with ordinary irregular features redeemed fromplainness by an expression of quizzical good humour; yet each of theeight beholders gave a gasp of adoration as she beheld him.
hismother's eyes swam with tears as she embraced her boy; maud felt a rayof pure, unselfish happiness; even lilias overlooked the fact that hiscollar was of an unfashionable shape in the delight of meeting.
as forthe younger girls, they fell upon him, and hugged and kissed, and kissedand hugged again, until he was obliged to beat them off with his longgrey arms.
leave a fellow alone!
i won't stand beingmauled to death!"
cried the ungrateful male, scrubbing his cheek withhis handkerchief, as if contaminated by the touch of so many femininelips.
"take it easy, and i'll speak to each in turn, but i can't tacklethe bundle together.
where's my maud?
come over here,maud, and don't let these youngsters keep you in the background!
holloa, nan, what's the matter with your back hair?
done it up, eh?
doesn't look half so well, you know, but i suppose you take it out inhonour and glory.
best respects, lilias; how's the young man?
youkiddies are getting too tall--that's what's the matter with you.
ishall feel quite an old man at this rate.
do you mean to say that is`cath-er-ine maitland' i see before me?
kitty, my own!
how _large_ youhave grown!"
"jim, you rude man!
behave, if you can!"
retorted kitty with admirablepromptitude.
it was an old habit of these two to converse in couplets,though kitty lived in chronic dread of an hour when she should fail toinvent an appropriate reply.
her present success filled her withsatisfaction, and evoked a burst of laughter from her companions; andthough jim rolled his eyes at her in threatening manner as he enteredthe drawing-room, he refrained from a further effort, and devoted hisattention to the admirable tea provided for his benefit.
his sisterswaited upon him obsequiously, while his mother sat with folded handsgloating over the sight of the tall, masculine figure seated in state onthe centre of the sofa.
what joy to behold him again--her only son, herpride, her darling!
how she glorified him, and exulted in him, andrejoiced in every evidence of his beautiful manhood!
the sight of thethick-soled boots gave her a positive thrill of joy; she looked unmovedat the mud on the carpet, and did not even wince when he crumpled herbest silk cushion behind his back.
jim looked across, caught her glance, and flashed back an answeringmessage which made her heart swell with joy.
her boy loved her, and hadno fear to meet his mother's eye!
that was all she wanted to know, andshe knew it without further questioning.
jim was not given to words;and even if he wished to speak, how could the poor boy _get_ a chance,with seven excited girls all talking to him at the same moment?
jim listened blankly for some moments before he could understand thedrift of the remarks, but gradually the words "sale" and "bazaar"disentangled themselves from the clamour and awoke a dim remembrance.
"oh, the sale for the mission!
you did tell me something about it!
coming off to-morrow, is it?
that's a bore!
why didn't you get it overbefore i came?"
the girls shrieked aloud in dismay, and, under cover of their protests,maud whispered an eager--"take an interest in it, do!
they have worked so hard, poor dears, andthey want you to help!"
--which had the effect of rousing him to theimportance of the position.
"all right, girls, i'll see you through!"
he announced, with the self-confidence which a man assumes as if by instinct in discussions with hiswomenkind.
he had the vaguest ideas of what was expected, no knowledgeat all of the difficulties of the position; but it never occurred to himto doubt his own ability to overcome these difficulties, and put thefinal triumphant touch on the girls' labours.
"i'll see you through!"
he repeated; and his sisters chorused theirthanks and murmured grateful acknowledgments, while kitty maitland keptsilent and eyed him askance through her spectacles, registering a vow tospeak faithfully on the subject of masculine vanity on the firstconvenient opportunity.
the next morning each of the six rendell girls awoke with a start and ashiver of dismay.
what had happened?
for a moment they could not tell,yet a cloud of depression was there; and then, alas!
in each case aglance at the window answered the question.
down fell the rain,splashing the panes, soaking the trees, turning the paths into pools ofwater, weighing down the heads of flowers, and scattering blossoms overthe grass.
alas and alas!
it was almost too dreadful to be believed,that after weeks of fine weather such a downpour should time itself toarrive on the very day of the long-expected sale.
"if elsie says, `i told you so!'
i shall do her an injury.
i shall--iknow i shall!
i sha'n't be able to help it!"
protested nan; but elsiemade no such statement.
to do her justice, she deeply regretted herprophecy, and felt as much distressed as if she were to blame for itsfulfilment, while her morbid mind had much ado to countenance suchunreasonable behaviour on the part of providence.
"i don't understand why it is allowed to rain when so much depended ongood weather!
the work won't look half so well cramped up in the house,and we can make no money on the river, and the people who live at adistance will think it too wet to turn out, and it will all be a dead,dismal failure.
it seems to me very strange that we should try to do agood deed only to be frustrated by something over which we have nocontrol," she lamented; and though the other girls snubbed her promptly,it was difficult to banish the same thought from their minds.
if only,only it had kept fine, how different it would have been, and with whatglee and zest they would have set about their preparations!
as it was,they were all more or less depressed, and had it not been for jim'spresence they would have been a sorry company; but jim rose to theoccasion with such a succession of quips and jests, such schoolboytricks and merry whistlings, as could not fail to be infectious.
he wasnot much use, so far as arranging the work was concerned; but, as hehimself expressed it, he played the part of beast of burden, draggingtables into the library, fitting them together to take the place ofstalls, and undertaking a dozen onerous duties.
with the best will inthe world, however, it was impossible to make the room larger than itwas, or to prevent an amount of crowding which left many precioustreasures hidden from sight, instead of being displayed in the sunshineof the garden.
the girls sighed, and resolutely turned their eyes fromthe window; and thus it happened that certain things took place whichthey were far from suspecting.
whether the rain had spent its strength,or was put to shame by the sight of the mischief it had already wrought,it would be difficult to say; but certain it was that the downpourchanged gradually to a drizzle, the drizzle grew lighter and lighteruntil it ceased altogether, the clouds rolled away to the east, andthrough the grey of the sky there broke a feeble, struggling light.
brighter and brighter it grew, stronger and stronger, until of a suddena ray of sunshine danced across the floor of the room, and electrifiedits occupants in the midst of their work.
cried every one inchorus, and a stampede was made to the door to see if the good omencould possibly be true.
the ground was soaking with moisture, but oh,the freshness, the sweetness, the delightful earthiness of the scentwhich greeted their nostrils!
cried nan, opening her mouth wide to draw in deep breaths.
gasped agatha rapturously.
"do my eyes deceive me?
has it actually stopped raining?"
criedchristabel elegantly; and jim executed a jig of triumph on the doorstep.
"it has stopped indeed!
the clouds have rolled away, the sun is comingout; in another hour it will be beaming, and you will have such a day asyou have not had for weeks past.
i told you so!
if you had onlylistened to me, you would have been spared all your misery.
i told youso--""excuse me!
you did nothing of the kind.
you remarked to me on myarrival that it looked `jolly bad, and that it was going to be a bruteof a day,'" interrupted kitty severely; but jim affected a convenientdeafness.
"now then," he cried, "all hands to the pumps!
i'll set james to workto mow the lawn, and by the time it is cut and swept and the sun hasshone on it for a couple of hours it will be as dry as tinder.
we'llhave the paths swept too, and put a few planks across where the waterhas settled, and all will be as right as a trivet.
put on thick boots,and set to work to undo all you have done this morning.
there is notime to lose!"
there was not, indeed; but willing hands made light work, and a morecheery band of workers it would have been difficult to find.
to see nanrushing in and out of the house, clad in a short bicycling skirt, withsnow-shoes covering her slippers, and jim's cap stuck on the back of herhead, was a sight funny enough to have cheered the most melancholy ofpatients; but when she executed a dance of triumph before her completedstall, her sisters held their hands to their sides in convulsions oflaughter.
a deeper laugh joined in with theirs, a lazy musical laugh,which could only have come from one person; and nan, hearing it, wheeledround fully prepared to see gervase vanburgh standing before her.
notone whit disconcerted did she appear at the sight; but, holding out herskirt on either side, so as to display the huge cloth boots to thefullest advantage, she dropped him a curtsey and cried, "pleased to seeyou, sir!
i hope you admire me!"
said gervase in his soft drawl; and there was an accent ofsincerity in his voice which brought jim's eyes upon him in curiousscrutiny.
a word from lilias had introduced him to this heir of the mrvanburgh of whom he had heard so much, and now he eyed him narrowly,forming his own swift conclusion.
fine face, though; good expression!
decentfellow, i should say, if the nonsense were knocked out of him.
uncommonly pleased to see nan, too.
this must be looked into!"
then hewas obliged to laugh again at the downright fashion in which his sisterdemanded the reason of the stranger's sudden appearance.
"what have i come for?"
gervase raised his hand deprecatingly.
"to seeif i could be of any use, of course.
my uncle was anxious to know if hecould lend anything in the way of tents or bunting, or if you would likeone of his gardeners to come across and help your man.
a hamper ofstrawberries is to be sent over presently, with the palms and plants,and the cook is concocting something very special in the shape of ices,but you are to ask for anything and everything you want.
he is mostanxious to help."
cried nan devoutly.
"give him my love, and say that ishall thank him on my bended knees the moment the rush is over.
thegardener would be most useful, for james has more than he can do, and weare all taken up with our own special departments."
"and for myself?
can i do nothing to help you?
i came last night onpurpose for this sale, so i hope you will make me of use."
he looked atnan as he spoke, but it was lilias who replied, taking him at his word,with an assurance which virtually monopolised him for the entireafternoon.
"oh, thank you so much; then will you please help me in the punt?
i amgoing to take out small parties at sixpence a head, and intended to askjim to help me; but as he knows the people, it would be better if hewere free to walk about, and make himself agreeable.
will you walk downto the river with me now, and have a little practice?
jim will sendacross for the gardener, and we ought to try how we get on together,oughtn't we?"
"certainly we ought.
it is most necessary," replied gervase, and hisface was absolutely devoid of expression.
whether he was disappointedor pleased, annoyed or elated, it was impossible to guess, but he turnedaside without another word and followed lilias down the path which ledriverwards.
by three o'clock preparations were completed, and everything done thatcould be thought of to exhibit house and garden in their most favourablelight.
in the drawing-room the best cushions and table-covers weredisplayed in all their glory; in the dining-room the table was set outwith the precious china tea-service, which saw the light only on festiveoccasions, while every silver article was polished up to reflectingpoint.
seven girls robed in robes of spotless white flitted to and froin the garden, while japanese umbrellas made picturesque splashes ofcolour amongst the green.
the visitors were polite enough to declarethat it was well worth paying the admission fee to see so pretty ascene, and were altogether in such an affable frame of mind that theywere the easiest of preys.
nan's objects of "bigotry and virtue" werespeedily purchased, while kitty and christabel did a roaring trade intoffee and confectionery.
agatha looked wistfully at their empty stallswhile she displayed pinafores and petticoats to the county visitors,heard them murmur "very useful!"
and rustle on without dropping asolitary sixpence into her box; but she consoled herself by thereflection that her turn would come later, when the villagers arrived tomake their purchases, and meantime frequent doses of strawberries andfruit salad helped to sustain drooping spirits.
elsie smiled pensively across a mountain of fancy articles, maud helpedher mother to receive the newcomers, jim flirted violently with all theprettiest girls, and lilias was a vision of loveliness as she puntedadmiring crews up and down the stream.
gervase vanburgh had attired himself for his work in the most immaculateof flannels, and as he stood behind his companion plying his long pole,it is safe to say that every feminine beholder remarked to her own heartthat the young people were made for each other, and that it would be asin to divide such a beautiful couple!
it was true that there was sometalk of an engagement to an old family friend, but as it was notofficially announced it could not be binding, and dear lilias would dowell to reconsider her position, now that this charming stranger hadappeared upon the scene!
dear lilias smiled back with sweet unconsciousness as she met herfriends' glances, but she was at no difficulty to read their meaning,and heaved a sigh for the contrariety of fate.
if only, only, it hadbeen gervase instead of ned--or rather, if the positions of the two mencould be reversed!
it would be delightful to float along the stream oflife as they were even now floating down this sheltered river, acharming companion by her side, the eyes of friends turned admiringlyupon her.
how different from the life before her in the bleak north-country town, with poverty and anxiety for daily guests, and ned's wornface looking sadly at her from across the table!
lilias shivered for all the blazing sunshine, and her heart swelled withanger.
it was not fair, it was not right that her future should beblighted in this fashion.
ned should realise that she was not bound bya promise given in completely different circumstances!
it was some dayssince she had heard from him, for his letters had been less frequent oflate; and though at the bottom of her heart she knew that her own chillyreplies were to blame for this diminution of her lover's ardour, shechose to count his silence as still another offence.
he was neglectingher, and she would not stand it.
like a flash of inspiration it dartedinto her head that she would free herself from this entanglement whilethere was still time.
it would seem unwomanly to desert a man in thehour of misfortune, but she would act at once, and not wait until theworst happened.
she would tell her mother that she was not happy; andthough mrs rendell might disapprove her past promise, she would neverpersuade her to keep it in the circumstances.
she would befree, she must be free, and then--who could say what would happen then?
the long summer lay before her, with its intimate friendship with one ofthe richest and most charming of his sex.
lilias raised her head with agesture of determination, and met gervase vanburgh's eyes fixed steadilyupon her.
his glance did not waver as it met hers, and she blushedbeneath it with a new and strange feeling of discomfiture.
it was asthough that steady gaze had pierced beneath the surface, and read herpoor, unworthy thoughts.
"forty-three pounds seven and twopence, nearly fifty pounds, mydarlings, in solid coin of the realm, and all of our amassing!"
criednan three hours later, as the last visitor drove away from the door ofthurston house, and the contents of the cash-boxes were counted over byhalf a dozen eager workers.
"here's a triumph for us, for our hopesnever soared above a modest twenty pounds, and where it has all comefrom, i don't know!
a great deal of work is left, so that, i fear me,our friends must have wasted their substance on eating and drinking andriotous living, as exemplified by sails in the punt.
i could have soldmy carvings three times over, and the compliments which were showeredupon me i would blush to repeat!
my cheeks ache with smiling politeacknowledgments, and indeed i'm nothing but a mass of aches from head tofoot.
how on earth do poor girls manage to stand behind a counter allday, and not snap off the customers' heads?
my poor feet are in alamentable condition!"
"i'm sorry to hear it; but they look, if you will allow me to say so,considerably better than they did a few hours ago," said gervase,glancing at the white shoes with an approving smile.
"why don't you sitdown, if you are so tired?
there is a delightful seat waiting underthat tree, and no more work to do, so that i should say the sooner youtake possession of it the better!"
"oh yes, yes.
let's all go!"
gushed agatha, leading the way onward,unconscious of gervase's look of dismay.
"let's go and rest, and talkit all over!
the best part of an entertainment is when the people go,and you can quiz them, and make remarks, and--""eat up the scraps!"
concluded kitty aptly, seizing a plate of cakesfrom a table as she passed, and illustrating her words with the aid ofthe daintiest morsel she could select.
christabel ejaculated "kittay!"
in a tone of dignified remonstrance; but the protest was for form's sakemerely, for hers were the next pair of hands to rob the dish, and it wasneither _one_ macaroon, nor two, which satisfied her appetite.
"i really think it has been a great success," she said, munching away,and using an even greater amount of emphasis than usual in her elationof spirits.
"the people behaved splendidly!
miss shorter's behaviour iconsider simply _noble_!
do you know what she did?
refused to buyanything at all, my deahs, until every one else had chosen, and thenwent about buying up all the old rubbish which no one would have.
itwould have made you _weep_ to see her collection of atrocities, and theold dear beamed away as if she were quite delighted.
i call itchristian to buy straw spill-boxes and cork frames for the good of yourfellow-creatures!"
"but think of the ni-ice little fire they will make when the weatherturns chilly!"
said jim wickedly, as he jolted chrissie's elbow, jerkedthe plate out of kitty's hand, and made a snap at agatha's cake, heldtemptingly before him.
he could never by any chance sit near the girlswithout teasing them in some such schoolboy fashion; and though theymade a great show of indignation, they would in reality have been muchdisappointed if he had taken them at their word.
in the presentinstance all three girls fell upon him at once, and, having reduced himto a state of submission, continued their song of jubilation.
"we took five pounds at the refreshment stall alone.
it would make ascandal in the parish if i divulged how many plates of strawberries thevicar ate.
mrs bolter bought up all the macaroons.
i must really beg the recipe.'
mrs booth asked theprice of everything, and sniffed, and walked away.
what a woman!
mrsraleigh seemed quite indignant because i had no eggs.
iquite _counted_ on getting fresh eggs!'
mr vanburgh had only one cupof tea.
i don't call that helping the cause of charity!"
"i was busy in another direction, and if i neglected the tea, i did myduty nobly by the lemonade.
i am afraid we did not make very muchmoney, but, considering the low rates, it came to more than i expected.
how much did we take altogether, miss lilias?"
"two pounds, one and sixpence; and all pure profit, remember!
we had nooutlay to deduct," replied lilias, with the shrewd little air ofbusiness which contrasted so strangely with her child-like looks.
"looking at it in that light, i think ours was the most profitable ofall the departments."
"and i made nothing!
i feel quite guilty among you all, for i took nota single coin the whole afternoon," said maud the modest; but jim wouldnot allow his favourite sister to decry herself in his presence, and wasup in arms in a moment in her defence.
"and why not, pray?
because you were doing the thankless work, as youalways are, and fielding for every one else.
that was my task, too; andlet me tell these young people that they have to thank us for theirsuccess.
you tackled the dowagers, and put them into a good temper byasking after their ailments, and i managed the girls.
bless theirpretty hearts, they would do anything for me!
you should have heard mecomplimenting 'em, and quoting poetry by the yard, and all the whileluring 'em on towards the fancy stall.
then i'd nothing to do butremark, `see that cosy?
i drew the design.'
`observe that cushion?
that's my favourite colour,' and they fairly jostled each other in theireagerness to buy it.
it was our gentle influence behind the scene whichhelped you on, young women; and don't you forget it."
maud smiled; but the smile flickered out all too quickly, as her smileshad a habit of doing nowadays, and her brother glanced at her sharply.
maud was not herself, and he feared that he knew too well the reason ofthe change.
the news of ned talbot's engagement to lilias had smittenhim dumb with surprise; but as none of the home letters breathed a hintof a like feeling, he had tried to persuade himself that he had beenmistaken in his earlier surmises.
this had been easy to do, for masterjim was not given to distressing himself unnecessarily; but since hisreturn home his fears had sprung into life again in unwelcome fashion.
when maud returned to the house he rose as if to follow, but, changinghis mind, turned back and took possession of kitty maitland instead.
"what is the matter with my maud?"
he asked her the moment they hadturned a corner and were safely out of hearing.
"she hasn't half thelife and go in her that she had last time i was home.
what have youbeen doing to her, i should like to know?"
kitty elevated her eyebrows until they were almost lost to sight beneathher curling hair.
"personally," she said, "personally i have treated her with everyconsideration.
maud is maud, and no one in this neighbourhood woulddare to treat her otherwise.
of course if other people--from adistance--choose to make lunatics of themselves, and--and--""all right--you need say no more!
i thought as much; and as you and ihad discussed the situation together last year, i wanted to see if yourideas agreed with mine.
i could have sworn we were right, and can'timagine how this muddle has come about.
it's a big mistake anyhow, andsome one will find it out before long, or my name's not james rendell.
it's not my business, i suppose, but i--i should uncommonly like to kicksomebody, just as a small relief to my feelings!"
"oh, so should i--badly; but i'm afraid i couldn't kick hard enough,"said kitty humbly.
"the worst of it is you have to be civil, because toshow your suspicions would be the most unkind thing you could do.
iknow nan agrees with us, and i think elsie too, but the others seemquite pleased and satisfied."
"well, let it be a lesson to you, never to allow yourself to beinfluenced by looks.
`appearance is deceitful, and beauty vain,'"quoted jim sententiously.
"that vanburgh fellow, for instance, is, isuppose, better-looking to the casual glance than i am myself, but idon't need to point out to you the infinite superiority of my character.
whenever, my estimable katherine, you meet with a man who is popularlystyled handsome, take my word for it, he is a wolf in sheep's clothing,and ought to be avoided.
people like you and me, with noble hearts andugly faces,"--but at this point even kitty's forbearance came to an end,and she stalked off to the house in a fume of indignation.
femininefourteen does not find the consolation it should in nobility ofcharacter at the cost of plainness of feature!
gervase and nan, left alone on the garden seat, had meantime turnedtowards each other with inquiring smiles.
it was the first time theyhad found themselves alone, and each was anxious to question the otherconcerning the time of absence.
"well," quoth he, "and how have you been, and what have you been aboutall this long month?"
"quite well, thank you; and i'm proud to say, slaving like a nigger forthe good of my fellow-creatures.
an ignorant man can hardly realise theamount of work it takes to get up a sale like this, but i shall bear themarks to my grave.
look at that!"
and she held out towards him a pairof sunburned hands, shapely enough, but disfigured with sundry scars andbruises inflicted by hammer and chisel.
her look of pride in her woundswas comically in contrast to her companion's distress, as his glancewandered from the little hard-worked fingers to his own white hands,--almond-nailed, soft-palmed, taper-fingered, the hands of a man who haslived an idle life, and known little or nothing of the reality of work.
nan's eyes followed his, and she laughed in amused fashion.
"mine looklike the man's, and yours like the woman's!
the contrast makes minebrowner than ever.
how do you manage to keep them so white?"
said gervase shortly.
"i am not at all proud of them, missnan.
they have been useless enough hitherto, and if they find any worknow, it is more your doing than their own.
i have tried to turn over anew leaf since i saw you last, and to remember your axiom--""and did you find them?
did you help them over?
were many lame, andnot able to walk?"
the whole parish seems hobbling; and iforesee that that stile will keep me busy, now that i have begun.
itwas astonishing how many cripples seemed waiting for my advent, and whata lot of `helping over' they required.
when they had recovered from theshock of discovering that i was showing some interest in their affairs,they were not at all bashful about stating their desires.
one manwanted a new roof to his cottage--his wife was rheumatic, and objectedto the rain coming through on her bed.
i had previously refused therequest through my agent, but when i went to inspect the place, i couldnot deny that repairs were needed.
the woman showed me her fingers,too--most unpleasant!
i would rebuild the whole cottage rather thanlook at them again!"
he shrugged his shoulders, with a relapse into his old affectation ofmanner, which brought nan's eyes upon him with a flash of indignation;but she refrained from remonstrance, as, after all, he had granted herrequest; and he continued his story uninterrupted.
"another man begged for an extra strip of land where an invalid daughtermight keep chickens, and so contribute towards the family-purse.
threewidows had sons to place, and seemed to think that a word from me wouldbe sufficient to secure positions with handsome salaries; half a dozenwomen demanded letters to hospitals.
the school marm wanted anadditional window in her cottage, which is about as gloomy a little holeas i have had the pleasure of entering; and the vicar, hearing reportsof my new-found generosity, requested a donation towards a new organ,felt he would be the better for a second curate, and remarked _enpassant_ that he had had a lifelong desire to visit the holy land.
ipromised to pay the last hundred pounds for the organ when he had madeup the rest of the sum, said that the parish was too small to allow twowhole curates and myself to live together in peace and harmony; andcongratulated him on his good fortune in not having visited palestine.
i have, and ever since my return have been strenuously striving toforget, and work back to my old dreams.
he went away saddened andsurprised; but as he is neither poor nor hard-worked, i did not considerthat he came within my category.
i was beginning to feel a trifleoverworked, and was quite relieved to get away for a rest!"
"i think you have done splendidly, and am sure you have enjoyed it, inspite of all you may say.
it gives one such a lovely, warm, gloweyfeeling to help other people!
on the rare occasions when i havesucceeded in doing it, i have just longed to be a philanthropist, for ifelt so deliriously happy and pleased with myself.
you can't look me inthe face and deny that you have been far happier this last month, andfar less bored and cynical?"
gervase laughed, and shrugged his shoulders.
"have it your own way!
i deny nothing.
i am considerably the loserboth in time and money by the new arrangement, but perhaps that iswholesome discipline.
i don't know that i have experienced much of the`glow' as yet; which is, i suppose, because i have not your affectionfor my fellow-creatures; but i hope it is yet to come, for it sounds anattractive sensation."
"don't laugh at me," said nan severely.
"i said glowey, and i meanglowey!
no other word expresses the sensation.
you'll understand someday when you have it yourself, and be sorry that you made fun of me.
asfor liking your people, the more you help them, the more interested youwill feel, until in the end you will positively love them as if theywere your own relatives."
gervase looked dubious.
"if only they would refrain from exhibiting their deformities!
i do sostrongly object to looking at disagreeable objects," he sighedplaintively; then suddenly his face grew grave, and he added in adifferent voice, "it will be a long time, i fear, before i can reachyour standard of loving help.
so far it is a duty only, and adistasteful one in to the bargain; but i will persevere, in hope ofbetter things.
there is one person in the parish who has been set inthe right way through your instrumentality.
if the other efforts havefailed, this, at least, has been a success, and it was time that someone took him in hand.
an idle, loafing rascal who thought of nothingbut his own comfort, and was the biggest waster in the village.
he hasset to work now, and he shall stick to it, or i'll know the reason why!
i'll keep a stern hand on him, nan, for your sake; for it was you, noti, who set this ball a-rolling, and i am only the executor of yourorders.
it is you who have played the good angel in his life, and heshall have no chance of slipping back."
"but you mustn't be too stern with the poor young man.
you must makeallowances, and be patient and forbearing.
i shall be so interested toknow how he goes on.
it is nice to have a _protege_, and feel that onehas had some part in his reformation.
tell me his name, so that i mayknow what to call him."
gervase looked at her curiously.
the eager face was without a suspicionof embarrassment, but it coloured over with a quick flush of surprise asshe listened to his reply.
"his name," gervase said slowly, "you have heard before.
his name isvanburgh!"
two days later, maud was sitting reading in the drawing-room, when thedoor opened, the servant pronounced a name which thrilled her withsurprise, and, looking up, she beheld ned talbot standing before her,--ned talbot, or the wraith of ned, for so pale did he appear, so worn andhaggard, that it needed no words to tell the nature of his visit.
maud had heard about the anxieties of the last few months, and hadgrieved for ned in her tender heart, feeling an added bitterness in thelot which forbade her the privilege of comforting him; but now it wouldappear that fate had led them to each other, and even her modesty couldnot mistake the relief in voice and manner as his eyes rested upon her.
"maud," he cried,--"maud, it is you!
oh, this is good, this is betterthan i hoped for, to find you here, and alone!
i was longing for yourhelp; but you are so much away nowadays that i seldom see you.
well,maud, it has come--the end has come!
i have thrown up my post, and haveto face the world again, and the whole weary fight from the beginning.
all these years have been wasted; the time has gone, and the money, andthe strength, and here i am at the end, stranded and beaten!
you maywonder how i have the audacity to show myself among you.
if i had anypride left, i should have stayed away--"he broke off with a hard, unnatural laugh, and maud laid her hand on hisarm with a soothing gesture, her own trouble forgotten in the necessityof soothing his.
"come and sit down," she said gently.
"sit down, and tell me all aboutit.
we are not fair-weather friends, ned, and will only care for youthe more because you need help.
if you have lost this post, i am sureit is from no fault of your own, so you must not be cast down.
tell meabout it--or stay!
shall i call lilias?
she is at the grange, but icould send for her at once."
she paused, looking inquiringly into ned's face, and he hesitatedpainfully, the colour flushing in his thin cheeks, his eyebrowstwitching nervously.
he said slowly at last.
"she will hear soon enough, andshe is so young and inexperienced that she cannot understand.
let mefirst talk it over with you, maud, and then--no!
it was no fault ofmine, though in the last instance it was i who gave in my resignation.
i could not stay on longer, and keep my self-respect.
positions wereforced upon me impossible to any man of honour.
my post wasdeliberately made untenable, and to stay on would have been the act of acoward and a scoundrel.
they had got what they wanted out of me, and iwas of no further use.
it only remained to get rid of me as quickly aspossible,--and, mark you, by my own doing in the last instance, so thatthey might preserve some appearance of honour before their neighbours!"
"but can such things be?"
maud wondered incredulously.
"is it reallypossible that men, calling themselves gentlemen and, i suppose,christians, can be so absorbed in the idea of growing rich that they canbe so low, so base?
to go to a young fellow who is fighting againsthard odds, to propose a scheme which looks fair and smooth, to suck hisbrains and steal his business from him, and then--then--to treat him asyou say, and send him out on the world alone!
oh, ned, is it possible?
one can hardly believe in such wickedness.
are there many such peoplein your business world?"
"not many, thank god!
but there are a few who are notorious forabsorbing small firms, and treating their owners as i have been treated.
they build up huge fortunes, and we are ruined; they succeed, and wefail, and the world goes on as usual, and no one sees any difference, ortakes any thought of the poor fellows who have gone to the wall."
said maud softly.
"god doesn't think they have failed!
inhis eyes they have succeeded, and are rich, while the others are ruinedand outcast.
don't be cast down, ned--don't lose hope!
god is on yourside, and has some good purpose behind this trouble.
the clouds aredark to-day, and you cannot see it, but in years to come it will beplain.
keep a brave heart, and don't grieve too much over what is past.
you have the future before you, and you are young and strong.
youwould not allow any one else but yourself to call you beaten, and i willnot hear it from your lips."
cried ned brokenly, "you always know what to say, you alwayssay the right thing!
how can i thank you?
if girls only understoodwhat angels they might be to men,--if they would remind us oftener thatthis world is not all,--what a help it would be!
we are out on thebattlefield, and it is difficult to remember these things, especiallywhen we are so hard pressed that our thoughts are engrossed with thestruggle.
i felt hard and bitter when i came into this room, for it's aterrible thing to face ruin,--a girl cannot imagine how terrible, forshe is shielded from such trouble,--but you have put fresh life into meby your sweet words."
maud smiled faintly, her brows drawn together in painful fashion.
shewas saying to herself that she knew well what it was to see life robbedof its dearest hope, and realising, as many a girl has done before her,that one of the sorest features of her trial was that she could neitherask nor receive sympathy from her friends.
the reflection brought herthoughts back to lilias, and she was once more about to suggest sendinga message to the grange, when the door burst open and lilias herselfdanced into the room.
what a contrast to the pale and depressed coupleseated on the sofa!
just returned from a delightful visit to thegrange, love of admiration gratified by mr vanburgh's courtesy andgervase's elaborate compliments, her hands full of trophies in the shapeof flowers and fruit, she looked the impersonation of happiness andprosperity, and singularly out of sympathy with her companions.
she washalf-way across the room before she recognised ned, and the suddenchange which then passed over her face was far from flattering to hisvanity.
she gasped, in bewilderment.
"is it you?
when did you come?
i--i never knew.
you said nothing in your letter about coming."
"no; i wanted to tell you the news myself!"
ned rose and stood besideher, not attempting any lover-like greetings, but holding her handtightly in his own.
his face was pathetic in its wistfulness, and dreadof the pain which he was about to inflict, but it was in the tone of afather speaking to a child that he said gently--"i have bad news for you, lilias--the news which i have been dreading.
i have sent in my resignation to the heads of the firm, and havepractically said `goodbye' to the works.
it is a bad business, and veryhard on you; but, as maud has been reminding me, i am young and strong,and we must not be cast down by a first failure.
if you will have faithin me, and will wait a few years, all will come right yet."
he paused, and lilias stared at him with incredulous eyes.
her glancewandered from him to maud, from maud around the pretty luxurious room,through the window to the garden beyond, and finally back to his face.
her lips moved, and the words came out in spasmodic snatches.
"you have resigned?
you threw it up?
you did it of your own accord, inspite of all i could say--of my wishes and entreaties?
it is your owndoing?"
ned dropped the hand which he held in his, and straightened hisshoulders with a gesture at once proud and determined.
his voice took asharper edge, and the gentleness died out of his face.
"yes, it is my own doing, lilias, in this last instance, but you knowwhat has driven me to it.
i have told you in what position i wasplaced.
i could not stay on without sacrificing every sense of honour.
surely you can understand and sympathise with me in my misfortune?"
lilias laughed, a high, hysterical laugh, and threw back her head with adefiant gesture.
"oh, i understand--yes!
i have understood all the time.
yourridiculous quixotic notions have ruined your life, and you don't care ifthey ruin mine also.
you think of your own feelings, your owndiscomforts, but you never think of _met_ if you really loved me, youwould bear a few discomforts for my sake; but no!
it must all go, youmust throw it all away.
i begged, i implored, i did everything that wasin my power to prevent it coming to this.
you can't deny that i did?"
"no, lilias, i cannot.
i am bitterly grieved to remember that you havesystematically urged me to act against my conscience."
it was anunexpected answer, almost awful in its unflinching sternness, and liliasgreeted it by a burst of weeping.
"oh yes, yes, blame me!
it's not enough that you have broughtthis misery upon me, but now you must begin to abuse me to my face!
itis cruel and cowardly to turn against me like this!"
"hush, lilias, oh, hush, hush!"
maud stood before her--maud's fingersgripped her arm in remonstrance.
"think what you are saying.
you are surprised and shocked; but you mustnot, you shall not talk so wildly!
ned is in trouble, and it is yourplace to comfort him.
he has done what is right, and it is harder forhim than for you.
he needs your help!"
but lilias only sobbed thelouder, making no attempt to give the desired comfort, and ned saidsadly--"i ask no more from you at present, lilias, than a fair judgment.
maudhas given me her sympathy and encouragement, but that seems too much tohope for from you.
try to believe, if possible, that i was notindifferent to your interests.
maud would not allow me to say i hadfailed because i must suffer temporarily for conscience' sake; shebelieves that the day will come when i shall be thankful for this changein my circumstances.
can't you bring yourself to feel the same; to lookforward to a future when i may meet with success instead of reverse?"
"no, i can't; how can i?
it is contrary to reason.
you said yourselfthat you could never hope to be master again, and situations are sodifficult to find.
i've heard father talking, and i know.
sometimesmen have to wait years and years before they find an opening, and thenit's a wretched thing with a salary of two or three hundred a year.
andyou have less chance than many, because your own works didn't pay, andyou have left these people after such a short time.
it will countagainst you.
people will think it is your own fault."
cried maud again, and this time her voice trembled with anger,and her eyes sent out such a flash as her sister had never seen before,"how dare you!
how dare you be so cruel!
if it were true a hundredtimes over, how could you have the heart to say so to ned in the midstof his trouble?
for pity's sake, think what you are doing!"
"don't distress your kind heart, maud.
it is better that i should knowexactly what lilias has in her mind.
she is right in her surmises.
thechanges will tell against me in public opinion, and it is quite probablethat i may suffer for them.
i would not for one moment deny it, so yousee there is no injustice in the accusation.
you are right, lilias!
mychance of being a rich man is sensibly diminished by this lastmisfortune, and it may be years before i can earn even a barecompetency.
i have never deceived you about my position, and i shallnot begin now.
i knew that my news would be a blow to you, but i couldnot have believed that you would receive it as you have, without a wordof kindness or sympathy.
apart from the question of love, i should havethought any woman would have taken pity on a man in the first sharpnessof his misfortune, and have spared him her reproaches.
maud has been anangel of kindness, but you have had no thought of my sufferings."
lilias gave a gasp of mingled anger and mortification.
this was whatshe had feared, this was what she had determined to avoid; but onceagain fate had been too strong for her, and had precipitated thecalamity before she had had time to obtain her freedom.
now every onewould call her heartless and unwomanly; her parents would look coldlyupon her, she would be branded before the neighbourhood as a girl whohad forsaken her love when he most needed her devotion.
a great wave ofanger swept over her, her heart thumped against her side, and her breathcame fast.
she hardly knew what she was saying, but the words rushedout in a breathless string--"oh yes, maud--maud!
i'm sick of hearing maud quoted, andheld up as a pattern!
maud is always right, and i am wrong.
maud is anangel, and i am an unwomanly wretch!
why didn't you get engaged tomaud, when you liked her so much better than me?
if i have made amistake, so have you, and you have no right to reproach me.
i'll goaway and leave you, since i make you so unhappy, and you prefer maud'scompany to mine."
she was out of the room even as the last word was uttered, and the twowho were left stared at each other with horrified eyes.
maud's face wascrimson, from the tip of her chin to the roots of her hair, but she wasthe first to speak and recover some semblance of composure.
"oh, don't listen to her!
don't listen to her!
she does not know whatshe is saying.
she is excited, and has lost her self-control.
in a fewminutes she will be sorry.
oh yes, i know she will; she will bewretched, and come to beg you to forgive her.
wait, wait, and don'tjudge her hardly.
she is so young, as you said, and she didn't knowwhat she was saying.
try to forget it."
but ned sank down in a chair and covered his face with his hands.
"but it is true!"
"it is true, and i can't deny it!
oh, howblind i have been--how blind and foolish!
i have ruined my own life aswell as hers."
it was all over.
ned had gone away, and the diamond ring no longershone on lilias's left hand.
in a storm of tears and sobs she haddeclared to her mother that she neither could nor would keep true to herengagement, and ned had received the intelligence with grave composure.
"she made a mistake!"
he said quietly.
"we both made a mistake.
icannot blame her, for i was in fault myself.
what we thought was love,was but the attraction of youth and good spirits, which could not standthe strain of adversity.
don't be hard on lilias, mrs rendell.
ishould be sorry that she should suffer any more on my account.
it hasbeen a painful experience for her."
but mrs rendell closed her lips in a stern silence, and had no word ofpity for her daughter.
it shocked her proud heart that one of her girlsshould have behaved in a manner so unworthy the precept which she hadendeavoured to teach, for she knew well that lilias would have felt noqualms in preparing for her marriage, if ned's story had been one ofsuccess instead of failure.
what mrs rendell thought she was accustomed to say, and lilias cameaway from the important interview smarting with mortification andwounded vanity.
she tried to think that the worst was over; but thebitterest moment was yet to come, when she met her father--the gentlestand most forbearing of men, who was so slow to blame that his childrencould count the reproofs of a lifetime on the fingers of one hand--andhe looked at her with a strange, cold glance, in which was no trace ofthe old fond admiration.
"what's this i hear about you, lilias?"
he asked sternly.
"i'm notproud of you, my dear, not proud at all!
i did not think that adaughter of mine could have behaved in such an unwomanly manner.
youraffection seems good only for fair weather.
talbot is well rid of sucha wife!"
it was not much, and it was the only reference to the broken engagementwhich she ever heard from his lips, but it pierced the girl's heart asno other reproach could have done.
the relationship between a fatherand a daughter is a very sacred and beautiful one, and the consciousnessof his pride in her, his barely concealed satisfaction in the admirationshe excited, had been one of her most cherished joys.
the thought thather father was ashamed of her made lilias wince with pain, nor did hersisters' reception of the news help to restore her composure.
maud's principle in life was to say nothing, if it were impossible tosay what was agreeable; but nan made up for this silence by the candourof her denunciation.
the two girls came face to face at the top of thestairs, an hour after the great news had circulated through the house,and mutually stopped to gaze in each other's face.
queried lilias timidly.
mother has told you.
what do you--what do you think about it?"
nan closed her eyes, and tilted her chin in the air.
she said shortly; and the other started back in astonishment.
"wh-what do you say?"
that's what i called you.
it's a mean, sneakish thing todesert a man just when he is in trouble and needs all the help he can--""it wasn't just then.
i had been thinking of it a long time.
if he hadstayed away a week longer, i would have spoken to mother all the same.
i had made up my mind.
you don't understand what you are talking about,and you have no right to call me names.
it's vulgar and unladylike."
"i am thankful for that!"
cried nan piously.
"if your behaviour isladylike, i'll be as vulgar as i can.
i'd rather not talk, if youplease, until i have got over it a little.
i'm afraid of what i maysay."
she went stalking downstairs, and lilias turned into the porch-room andsat herself down in despair.
elsie was seated at the table engaged ininforming the diary of the latest family event, and she turned a look ofsuch sympathetic sorrow upon the new-comer, that lilias felt that here,at last, she had found a friend in need.
"my heart is broken, elsie!"
she sobbed tragically.
"every one hasturned against me.
father--mother--nan--they are all cruel to me.
their words cut into my heart!
i can never forget them--never feel thesame again."
elsie drew a sigh so long and fluttering that it was almost worthy to beranked as a groan.
a blow like this, coming in early youth, will cloudand darken all your life.
you can never be a girl again.
theremembrance of all you have suffered, and of the life you have wrecked,will haunt your dreams, and make you old before your time.
you feel itnow, but you'll feel it more and more, like a leaden weight pressingupon you, crushing out all your joy...""dear me, elsie, how you talk!
you might be a penny novel, to proseaway like that.
you are a fine job's comforter for a poor girl to cometo in her trouble!
it's hard enough for me as it is, without trying tomake it worse.
i shall drown myself, if this sort of thing goes on.
maud sulking, nan raving, you croaking!
what a prospect!
and i shallhave to endure it all my life too, for i shall never marry--now."
"no," said elsie judiciously, "i suppose not.
not for love, at least.
perhaps, by and by, after years and years, when you are middle-aged, youmay make a marriage _de convenance_, to some old man who could give youa comfortable home.
people often do that in books, i notice, when theyhave had an unfortunate affair in youth.
and look at mrs bailey!
herlover was killed in the crimea, and when she was fifty-two she marriedthat nasty old man with the snuff on his beard, and--"but the rest of the sentence was spoken to the air, for lilias had fled.
the prospect of the old man with snuff on his beard was too much forher composure, and she rushed into the garden, to see if there, atleast, she might find the much-desired solitude.
no, not yet!
for the summer-house towards which she sped had alreadybeen occupied by the three schoolgirls, and there they sat staring ather with big solemn eyes, as if, forsooth, a girl who had broken off herengagement was a new and extraordinary freak of humanity.
good-natured agatha made room for the new-comer by her side, and glancedsympathetically at the tear-stained face, but, as usual, her remarkswere not the most tactful in the world.
"was it really your doing, lilias?"
she inquired, "or was ned tired ofyou too?
kitty says he was, and feels sure he will not mind much."
that opened lilias's eyes with a flash of anger, but kitty had thecourage of her opinions, and said stolidly--"i never considered from the beginning that he was really in love.
i'veseen lots of engaged people, and he wasn't a bit like them.
he used toask us to go about with you, and be quite disappointed if we wouldn't,and most couples like to be alone, and make faces at one another whenthey think you are not looking, to say they wish you would run away.
i've had experience, for last summer we stayed two months in ahydropathic."
"perhaps he really did care for you at first, but was disappointed whenhe got to know you better!"
this from christabel; while agatha chimedin with an eager--"but you are glad, dear, aren't you, to think he is not heart-broken?
it makes it easier for you when he doesn't care!"
plainly there was no comfort forthcoming for miss lilias from themembers of her own family!
meanwhile jim was seeing his friend off at the railway station, andadministering such sympathy as was deserved for ned's business reverses,while eclipsing his sisters in candour on the subject of the brokenengagement.
"if you would be a fool, you must be prepared to suffer for it.
neverwas more surprised in my life than to hear of it, when it first cameoff.
thought you had gone off your head.
when i was at home with youlast, there was no sign of such nonsense.
can't think what on earthpossessed you!"
"she was so pretty and charming, and seemed so much interested in all idid!
vanity was at the bottom of it, i suppose.
i was flattered andinterested, just when i was down on my luck, and needed it most.
i--i--i must make a clean breast of it, jim, and tell you the truth!
ofcourse, it was maud i cared for first; i can see now that i have lovedher all through, but she was so reserved with me, and kept me at such adistance, that i thought she wanted to show me that i had no chance.
then lilias came home, and i was captivated by her lovely face andpretty ways.
she seemed to turn to me for advice and sympathy, to be sopleased to see me, so sorry when i left, that--that--ah, well, you knowthe rest!
i was a fool, as i daresay many a man has been before me; andthough i was miserable enough, i never discovered why, until liliasherself pointed it out.
she accused me of caring for maud more than forher--in maud's presence, too--when we three were alone together!"
jim's lips met in a significant whistle.
"the little wretch!
she ought to be shaken!
my poor old maud, that wasrough on her.
what did she do or say?"
"begged me to take no notice, and pleaded for lilias, like the angel sheis.
but i was knocked completely over, didn't know what i was doing,and told her straight out that it was true.
perhaps i should not havedone it, but i could not help myself, and she gave me one look, justone!
oh, jim, old man, if this crash has shown me the awful mistake iwas making, it will be indeed a blessing in disguise.
i will work liketen men, i will laugh at difficulties, i will do anything andeverything, if only, only i can win maud in the end.
you will be myfriend, won't you?
you will help me, and tell her what i hope?"
"not if i know it!"
returned jim, with masculine candour.
"you havedone quite enough mischief for the time, old chap, and had better lielow until things have blown over.
i've a great deal too much respectfor maud, to suggest that she should adopt you as her lover the momentyou are dropped by lilias.
wait a year or two until you have made yourposition, and then come down and ask her yourself--""a year or two!
and meantime she might think i had changed again, andhad forgotten all about her--that's too much to expect!
i don't ask youto say anything just yet, but in time to come you might drop a hint, orlet her see one of my letters, show her in any indirect way you likethat i know my own mind at last, and am working towards an end.
itisn't much to ask from an old chum--i'd do as much for you if i were inyour place."
quoth jim concisely; but his grey eyes sent out a kindly gleam,and ned talbot went away comforted by the knowledge that his friendwould be kinder in deed than in word, and that his message would notfail to be delivered.
he had another friend at court to whom he gave less thought, but whoseloyalty was at least as strong as that of her brother.
nan had her owndreams of the future, of which she breathed no word to a living soul,but she set herself to work to clear away such difficulties as lay inned's path, with her accustomed energy and daring.
"if i were a nice old gentleman with heaps of money and nothing to do, iwould give a good situation to a young fellow who was miserable and ill-treated!"
she announced to mr vanburgh, at the conclusion of the storyof the broken engagement; and that gentleman chuckled with enjoyment ashe listened.
"would you, indeed?
and in what capacity?
i don't quite see whatsituations i have to offer which would meet mr talbot's requirements.
there is a good deal of machinery of one sort and another involved inthe work of a house like this, but i fear it is hardly the kind which heis accustomed to superintend."
"don't snub me, please.
i'm too reduced.
i don't mean in this house,but somewhere else where there are works like his own.
if you wouldjust write to the people and say how clever he is, and what a goodmanager, and that you are sure they would like him!"
"but how can i be sure?
i know nothing about mr talbot's businesscapacities, and should hardly recognise him if i met him in the street!"
"but i tell you!
you can trust my word; and every one likes ned, for heis so good and noble.
he didn't want to go into the works at all, forhe is one of those quiet, studenty sort of men, who are never so happyas when they are in the country, alone with their books and theirthoughts.
he wanted to be a literary man, but his brother died, andthere was no one else to help his father, so he gave up his own plansfor the sake of the family.
that seems to me very hard--to be unselfishand take up uncongenial work, and then to meet with nothing but failureand disappointment!
i should expect to be rewarded by making piles ofmoney, but poor old ned has lost almost all he has.
dear, sweet, kindmr vanburgh, find him another opening--do!"
the old man smiled, and laid his worn fingers caressingly over thegirl's hand.
"i would do a great deal to please you, nan, if i could find the way,but my word is not so powerful as you imagine.
i am afraid the managersof the great factories would pay very little attention to myrecommendation; but if mr talbot is not set on continuing a businesslife, it is possible that something else might be found.
i have a gooddeal of land which will come to gervase in his turn, and meantime, as heengages my stewards for me and takes in hand most of the arrangements,you had better speak to him on the subject."
cried nan, and turned towards the young man with hands claspedtogether in supplication.
do you--do you?
then one of them is abad steward, isn't he?
i am sure he is!
you want a new one; i am sureyou do!
ned would make a beauty, for he loves nothing so much as acountry life.
he is a splendid shot.
jim saw him knock over twelverocketers running, last time they were out together, and he goes in forall kinds of sport.
his father had a beautiful country place when theywere rich, and he is always talking of what he used to do.
he looks sosweet in gaiters, too!
he would make a lovely steward!"
both men shook with laughter, but nan's earnestness could not be shaken.
she was pleading for maud's future, for maud's happiness, and neitherignorance nor bashfulness had power to check her.
she insisted on thewickedness of the present steward with such determination, that gervasewas forced to come to his defence.
"indeed, nan, he is a most capable and clever fellow.
i've not a wordto say against him, except that perhaps he is too clever to stay with usmuch longer.
lord edgeworth has been advertising for a steward, and ithink it more than likely that he will get the post.
if he should--""he will!
cried nan excitedly.
"i feel a conviction.
hewill get it, and you will offer ned his place.
it would be defyingprovidence to do anything else.
oh, how happy i am--how pleased he willbe!
and is it a pretty house in a garden, big enough for us all to godown and stay with him?
how soon will it be settled, so that i can tellthem at home?"
so determinedly confident did she appear as to the success of herscheme, that it seemed an ungenerous act to pour cold water on suchgenerous enthusiasm, and each man registered a mental vow to satisfyher, if it were within the bounds of possibility.
as his custom was, gervase escorted the visitor on a tour of inspectionround the garden before she took her departure, and took advantage ofthe _tete-a-tete_ to express a more ardent sympathy with the hometrouble than he had cared to show in his uncle's presence.
the brokenengagement had been no surprise to him, for he had summed up thecharacter of miss lilias too accurately to have any trust in herstability; but it had evidently come as a shock to nan's unsuspectingmind.
"she says now that she has been thinking of it for some time, and hesays he was dissatisfied; yet neither of them spoke a word, but wentdrifting on and on, waiting upon chance.
i suppose they would havemarried each other if this crash had not come, and regretted it for therest of their lives.
i can't understand such behaviour.
if i feel athing, i can't bottle it up, i simply cannot; out it must come, whateveris the consequence.
and when it comes to pretending to love a personwhen you don't, and to be happy when you are not, that is worse thananything else.
it's positively wicked!"
"i agree with you.
i have always maintained that absolute honestyshould be practised in these affairs between a man and a woman, and thatfar less trouble would arise if each side spoke out plainly as to whatwas in their hearts.
i go perhaps a little further in my views thanmost people, but long ago i made myself a promise that when my own hourcame i would act up to my convictions, and i am not going to draw backnow.
months ago, nan, you walked into my uncle's room to meet me, and iknew--i think i knew almost as soon as i met your eyes--that here was anew specimen of her kind, a woman who would play a great part in mylife.
i had never known that feeling before, but it has grown instrength ever since that day, until now it is difficult to imagine mylife without it.
you have engrossed all my thoughts--all my hopes--"nan stood still and stared at him.
the colour had left her cheeks, andher eyes were wide and startled.
she laid her hand on her throat andgave a little choking gasp.
"do you mean that you--that you are--in love--with _me_?"
the amazement in her tone, the incredulity of that "me" was touching inits humility, and gervase's smile was very tender as he replied--"i think i am.
i am, at least, travelling very fast in that direction.
does that alarm you so very much?
does it distress you?
have you nofeeling of friendship to offer me in return?"
oh yes, but not,"--nan gulped over the word in wildembarrassment--"the other thing!
it's too soon.
i have just left theschoolroom--i have just put up my hair.
i couldn't think of such athing for years and years, until i am old, and have got some sense!"
gervase laughed softly.
"you have more sense now than any girl i know; but don't be frightened,dear, i am not asking for my answer yet.
you must have time, but iwanted you to know from the beginning what my feelings were.
as yougrow older and go into society, and meet other men, i want you toremember that there is one man who has already given his heart to yourkeeping, and is waiting in the hope that yours may be given to him inreturn.
you are not bound-to me in any way.
if you meet some one whomyou can care for more than for me, i will wish you god-speed; but untilthat day comes i will wait in hope.
i will not trouble you by referringto the subject again at present; for a year to come i will promise notto allude to it, but by that time you will be twenty, and will have hadtwelve whole months to think me over.
you will not forbid me to speakto you again next july, nan?"
sighed nan dubiously, "i suppose not.
you are very kind, but iam--frightened.
suppose i said `yes,' and then changed my mind likelilias!
that would be dreadful, yet how can one be sure?
i like youvery much, better than any other man, but still--""you must never say `yes' unless you have no doubt in your heart.
noamount of liking will do.
if the day ever comes when you feel that yourwhole heart goes out to me, as mine does to you, when you would choosepoverty with me rather than riches with another man, then come to me,darling, but never till then.
you and i are not the sort to besatisfied with a half-and-half happiness, and we will not risk failure.
i want to make your life beautiful, not to wreck it!"
the tears rose slowly in nan's eyes, and her lips trembled.
"you are very good to me; but i feel as if i must be a hypocrite to havedeceived you so.
i'm not worth it.
i'm not, indeed.
if you only knewwhat a wretch i am, you couldn't think of me any more.
there are suchlots of nice girls.
if you would only choose somebody proper andsensible and accomplished and clever--""oh, nan, i don't want her.
don't force her on me, please.
i've mether such scores and scores of times, and she bored me so unutterably.
iwant just you, and no one else; but don't trouble your head about me foranother year.
live your own bright life.
i would not for the worldshorten your girlhood or make you old before your time.
it won't be avery depressing thought, dear, will it, that somewhere a hundred milesaway a man is loving you, and trying to live a better life because ofhis love?"
nan could not answer, could only shake her head in a mute dissent.
no;it was far from depressing--it was beautiful, inspiring--but, oh, what aresponsibility!
gervase might say that he would not willingly shortenher girlhood, but, alas!
had he not already done so?
to feel thatanother heart leant on her own, another life depended on her forhappiness--was this not a reflection to sober the most careless and mostlight-hearted of natures?
nan knew full well that this short interviewwas as a milestone in her life, and that at one step she had left behindthe careless days of youth.
nearly two years had passed by since lilias had broken off herengagement with ned talbot, and gervase vanburgh had told nan of hislove, and a stranger passing along the village highroad one bright mayday might have discerned an air of unusual excitement and bustle inthurston house.
the housemaids were hanging clean curtains in everywindow from attic to cellar; the gardener was bedding out plants;message boys besieged the house with trays of provisions, and the parceldelivery van seemed to empty its entire contents at the door.
nor didthe bustle grow less as one entered the house, for the hall was bankedup with plants, and seven girls enveloped in aprons seemed to be chasingone another up and down stairs, so rapid and unceasing were theirmovements.
there would have been no difficulty in recognising our oldfriends, though the years had not passed without bringing changes intheir wake.
maud's sweet face had lost its look of sadness, andblossomed into fresh youth; lilias was still the professional beauty,whose very apron was donned with an air to effect; while, wonder ofwonders!
nan had grown tidy, possessing hair as daintily coiled andhands as carefully kept as lilias's own.
in the old days it had beenhazarded as an occasional conjecture that nan was pretty; but therecould be no doubt on that question now, for the plump face had mouldedinto shape, the complexion toned down to a soft pink and white, and thedark eyes shone with happiness.
happiness, indeed, seemed to radiatefrom nan to-day, as she raced up and down the house, as hard-worked asany of her sisters, yet in some indefinable way distinguished from therest, for she was given the precedence in all that went on, while everytime that she and her mother came together, they embraced with freshunction.
for the rest, elsie had reached her ambition, and the age whenshe might dress her hair as she chose, and by means of parting it in themiddle and plastering it over her ears had given herself anappropriately funereal aspect.
even agatha boasted a coil at the backof her head, while christabel and kitty wore skirts which reached totheir ankles.
advancing years had, however, by no means diminished the girls' powersof conversation; and as they banked up plants in corners of thestaircase, and rearranged furniture in the sitting-rooms, the babel ofvoices was as deafening, and seemingly as inexhaustible, as of yore.
"children, children, be quiet!
stop talking, for mercy's sake!"
pleadedmrs rendell piteously.
"i try to ask a question, and cannot makemyself heard.
you will make nan's head ache if you go on like this.
goup to your room to write your letters, nan dear.
don't attempt to do ithere, but take the chance of half an hour's quiet when you can get it."
nan rose obediently, and carried her writing materials upstairs; but itwas some time before she sat down at her desk, for the dressing-roomdoor stood open, and therein lay something which exercised anirresistible attraction, something which lay stretched on a sofa,swathed in careful wrappings.
nan drew back the sheet with reverent fingers, and there it lay in allits beauty--a gleaming satin dress, the train folded skilfully in andout, bunches of orange-blossom catching up the lace, which was festoonedwith as much lavishness as if it had been modest nottingham, instead ofprecious brussels, of that rich mellow tint which comes from age alone.
a bride's dress, and a bride's dress fit for a princess, and in the boxbeside it a veil of the same old lace, and in the safe in the corner adiamond necklace and stars which represented a fortune in themselves!
could it be, could it really be that all this splendour was for her?
lucky girl, that she was so happy in love given and received,that they counted as nothing, and less than nothing, in her rejoicings!
could it be that to-morrow morning--in twenty-four hours from now--inless than twenty-four hours, she would be transformed from nan rendellof the coat and skirt--nan, the third daughter in a large family, inconstant straits for money and anticipation of her dress allowance--intonan vanburgh in satin and diamonds, mrs gervase vanburgh, with hercountry seat, her diamonds, her carriages, her expectations of evengreater wealth to come!
oh, wonder of wonders!
oh, fairy tale in reallife!
oh, dear and beautiful prince, to work such marvels in a poorgirl's life!
nan bent down lower and lower until her lips touched thegleaming folds and her cheek rested lovingly against them, then she drewthe sheet forward once more, and went back to her seat.
to think, notto write, however--to think over the two years that had just passed, andall the events which they had brought.
had she really loved gervasefrom the beginning, even as he had loved her?
it seemed as if she had,for after that memorable interview in the garden she had known no doubtnor hesitation.
it was right to wait and let time prove the stabilityof her feelings, but at the bottom of her heart she had felt nouncertainty as to her final answer; and oh, how long had seemed the lastthree months of the year, with what joy she had hailed july--what ahappy; happy time it had been for all concerned!
mrs rendell and maudhad been the only members of the family who had known of the intentionwhich lay behind gervase's frequent visits; and if the surprise withwhich the engagement was greeted was mingled with some envy anddisappointment from one of the five sisters, the others more than madeup for it by their unaffected delight.
gervase had long received the sanction of approval; and once assured ofnan's happiness, it was impossible for the most unworldly of relativesto restrain a thrill of satisfaction in the grandeur of the alliance.
the schoolroom party was inflated with pride at the thought of "mysister mrs vanburgh," and even maud tilted her head and smiled with acomplacent air when congratulated on the engagement.
as for theparents, they were naturally delighted at the prospect of so prosperousa marriage for their dear girl, while old mr vanburgh shed tears ofhappiness over the fulfilment of a cherished dream.
"she will be the making of the boy!"
"he has always been agood fellow, but too indifferent and lazy to make the most of hisabilities.
nan's energy, nan's enthusiasm will be his salvation!
thisis the best news i have heard for many a long, long year.
it puts freshlife into me in my old age."
everybody seemed pleased and approving; and not the least welcome amongthe many letters of congratulation was one from ned talbot, now somemonths settled as steward of the vanburgh property, and his earnest,outspoken appreciation of his new employer.
when the subject of the marriage itself was broached, however, mrrendell obstinately refused to hear of any date within a year.
"when she is twenty-one--not a moment before," he said firmly.
"i havea parent's right to my mops until she is of age, and not one day of thetime will i give up for you or any man living."
"and i've a husband's right to her after that, and not one day longerwill i wait, so we'll fix on her birthday, the twentieth of may!"
saidgervase, equally obstinate; and so it was settled.
and the months hadseemed as weeks, so rapidly had they flown past, until here was the daybefore the wedding, with nan's new boxes standing in the corner readypacked for that wonderful journey to foreign lands of which she haddreamed all her life long.
when the gong sounded, nan looked guiltily at the blank sheet of paper;but it was too late to begin letters now--she must go downstairs, andtrust to good fortune that the girls would not discover how she hadwasted the time!
lunch was a scramble meal to-day, served in themorning-room on three different tables, and in the midst of a medley ofboxes and parcels; but that was part of the fun of the occasion, andadded to the general hilarity.
a formal meal in the dining-room couldbe had any day, but it needed a convulsion of nature to induce mrsrendell to hold her plate in her lap, and actually--oh, horrors!
to helpherself to butter with her own individual knife!
the girls chuckledwith delight at the spectacle, and then turned to greet nan on herreappearance.
"well, `bride,' finished your notes?
hope you have been a good littlehonest girl, and said what was true.
`dear mrs webb,--thank you somuch for the dear little pepperettes.
it is so kind of you to think ofme, and as i have already had seven pairs sent, i feel no anxietywhatever concerning my future happiness.'
`dear mr cross,--thank youso much for the vases which you have so kindly sent me.
they are quiteunique, i am sure, as i have never before seen anything like them.
ishall put them in my drawing-room whenever i know you are coming, andkeep them carefully in a cupboard when you are away.'
`dear mrs debels,--how kind of you to send me such a sweet little egg-boiler!
wenever use such a thing, but it will do charmingly to give away to someone else, and--'""it's to be hoped no one will send you wedding presents, kitty, ifthat's the way you are going to receive them!"
said nan severely; buther reproof was received with bursts of derisive laughter.
how innocent we are!
how proper all of a sudden!
can youlook us in the face and say you have not said as nearly that as youdared--that you have not deliberately disguised your true sentiments?"
i have not written a single word this morning with whichyou could find fault!"
cried nan, with a boldness which betrayed her toher sharp-witted adversaries, for the cry was immediately raised--"she hasn't written at all!
she has been sitting dreaming about _him_instead."
"i think of thee by morn, my love!"
chanted kitty, rolling her eyes tothe ceiling with a ridiculous affectation of sentiment; while agatha andchristabel went through a pantomime of rapturous greeting, at which nanlaughed in unperturbed enjoyment.
she had served a long apprenticeshipto her sisters' teasing ways, and was too happy in her engagement tokeep up any pretence of indifference.
nan, indeed, won universaladmiration in the character of an engaged girl, for there was somethinginexpressibly winsome in her transparent enjoyment of her own happiness.
she loved her future husband with all her heart, and saw no reason whyshe should feign an indifference which she was so far from feeling.
when gervase arrived in person shortly after lunch, she went flying tomeet him, and came back hanging on his arm, her face sparkling withhappiness and contentment.
"he has come!
he has come!
here he is!"
she cried, in tones oftriumph; and gervase was promptly surrounded by his sisters-in-law-to-be, and escorted round the house to see the preparations for to-morrow'sceremony.
he said little, for the solemnity of the occasion had already laid itssobering touch upon him, but his eyes glowed, and every time he lookedat nan there came an expression into his face so sweet, so true, sotender, that maud could not see it and keep back the tears.
she was ina supersensitive mood this afternoon, for not only did the parting withher beloved sister lie ahead, but also a meeting of even moreimportance.
ned talbot was to be gervase's best man, and was even nowat the grange, waiting only to greet his host, before coming to pay hisfirst visit for nearly two years.
the winter before he had received aninvitation to thurston house, but it had been refused; and even afterthat formal intimation that the way was open, he had delayed his coming,modesty and self-distrust alike combining to make him dread that finalputting to the test which should "win or lose it all."
how much missnan had to do with the choosing of the "best man" is one of thosesecrets which are best left alone.
but presently there he came, walkingacross the lawn towards the spot where the tea-table was laid, just ashe had done on another afternoon years ago; and there sat maud, oncemore busying herself with the tea-cups to hide her confusion, though ofa different and far happier description.
not in vain had jim dropped his words of reminder; not for naught had hehanded over letters received from his old friend for his sister'sperusal!
maud knew, and had known for many a long day, to whom ned'sheart was given; and ned knew that she knew, and gathered fresh hopefrom her sweet, shy smile.
for himself, he was looking a new man, andlilias felt a stab of pain as she looked at him and met his calm,scrutinising glance.
she had loved him once, or had come as near lovinghim as it was in her nature to do, and she was surprised to find howmuch it hurt to realise his disenchantment.
she was as pretty asever,--prettier, so her mirror told her,--but though admiration was hersin plenty, no one seemed to love her, or to turn to her for sympathy andcounsel.
nan, her younger sister, was about to be spirited away to alife of luxury and affluence; maud would certainly follow suit beforelong; and she would be left at home with the younger girls, regarded bythem as a tiresome elderly person, who refused to move on and make roomfor her juniors.
a pleasant prospect, indeed!
yet she could notcomplain, for if there was little sympathy between her sisters andherself, the fault was her own, and in her heart she confessed that itwas so.
it is impossible to live a selfish, self-engrossed life withoutsuffering for it in hours of loneliness, and lilias was beginning tolearn this lesson to her cost.
when tea was over, gervase went back to the grange to sit with hisuncle, while nan adjourned upstairs to superintend that last trying-onof bridesmaids' dresses which the younger girls declared to beimperative.
"my dear, you don't know what may be wrong!
i slipped on my bodice lastnight, and it was two inches too tight.
that doesn't matter--i'll havea slim figure for your wedding, if i die for it; but consider--justconsider--how fe-arful it would have been if it had been too loose!"
cried agatha tragically; and after that there was plainly no refusalpossible.
mrs rendell wished to interview the cook, jim had a letter to write--every one, it appeared, had some important and pressing matter demandingattention, save only maud and ned, who were left to their own devices,and presently wandered off towards that portion of the garden mostsheltered from observation.
both knew what was coming, and both weretrembling with hardly suppressed agitation; then presently their eyesmet, ned held out his hand, and maud's went out to meet it without amoment's hesitation.
"do you forgive me, maud?
can you believe in me again?
can you giveyourself to a man who loves you with all his heart, and can never doenough to show his remorse for his own miserable mistake?
i did you acruel wrong, but i have suffered for it all these years...  could youfind enough charity in your heart to forgive me, and give me anotherchance?"
"i have nothing to forgive!"
said maud simply.
and shemeant it too; for when she loved, she found it impossible to blame, andned had been her hero for so many a long year.
"it was quite naturalthat you should be fascinated by lilias, for she is so beautiful andcharming.
i did not blame you, even at the time; but oh, ned, i wasvery miserable!
i loved you so dearly, i longed so much to help you!
there is nothing in the world which could make me so happy as to be yourwife!"
ned's words of love, of gratitude, of almost tearful remorse, are toosacred to be repeated.
he had reached his goal at last, and, lookingback upon the past, felt that all the troubles which had lain in hispath were but a light price to have paid for the treasure he had won!
upstairs at the window of the girls' bedroom kitty maitland peeredthrough her spectacles at the flutter of maud's dress behind the bushesin the garden, and knitted her brows, in her anxiety to account for thepresence of a dark stain around the waist!
presently the bushes partedcompany for a few yards, and the stain was discovered to be neither morenor less than a coat sleeve belonging to mr ned talbot!
kitty clearedher throat, and chanted in a high, clear tone--"a marriage has been arranged, and will shortly take place, between mredward mortimer talbot and maud, eldest daughter of--"a stampede towards the window interrupted the conclusion of thesentence, and the sisters stared at the unconscious couple with eagerscrutiny.
they peered to right and left, craned their necks to one sideand then the other, rushed to a second window to obtain a better view,and finally turned back and faced each other with expressions of awedconviction.
"it is--for a ducat!
oh dear, what a nuisance!"
cried agatha pitifully.
"what shall we do without our maud?
first nan, and then maud--thehouse will be lost without them!"
"our loss is their gain.
we must be resigned.
it is what we mustexpect.
one bird after another will fly away, and leave the old nestbare.
it is the order of nature," sighed elsie sadly.
another bridesmaid's dress.
how s-implay lovelay!"
cried christabel rapturously; but nan stood apart with clasped hands,and dark eyes full of tears.
"the only thing," she sighed to herself--"the only thing i had left towish for.
oh, how thankful i am!
what a dear world it is!
how goodgod is to us all!"
