here is a book about the young girl and her awakening to the world bythis talented author.
darsie, the heroine, is selected by an old auntto come and spend a year or so as her companion.
the old woman triesto coach darsie in matters of deportment and behaviour.
this would bepretty odious if it were not for the presence locally of a young familyof boys and girls of darsie's age, whom, being rich and living rathergrandly, the aunt allows darsie to know.
the first half of the bookdescribes the times they had.
the old aunt promises darsie that shewill make available the funds needed for darsie to go up to cambridgeas a student at newnham, a girls' college.
when the second half of the book begins the old aunt has just died, anddarsie feels glad that the poor old lady will be relieved of all herpains.
the years of studentship are well described, and the friendsthat  darsie made come and go through the story.
finally we reach thelast exams.
darsie does quite well, but is not in the first class.
shehas a second, which will be enough for her to be able to go and teach atsome less distinguished school.
but her friend dan, one of those whomwe met in the first half of the book, has obtained a first class honoursdegree, and the book ends with him asking her to marry him.
what hedoesn't know, and i suppose the author didn't either, is that young mengoing to teach at a top-rate boys' school are expected to spend theirspare time coaching sports, and not to be married.
in fact they wouldbe better to have achieved a "blue" at oxford or cambridge than a gooddegree.
i have had to make a slightly strange and annoying change to the name ofone of the girls in the story.
i changed vi vernon to vie vernon.
thereason was that otherwise the speech generator always read her name as"six vernon".
what we have now sounds correct, but if you read the bookyou will see this mis-spelling two dozen times.
my apologies for doingthis, but you will understand why i did it.
it is a good read, and as always i recommend making an audiobook of it,so that you can listen to it.
nhthis is the tale of two terraces, of two families who lived therein, ofseveral boys and many girls, and especially of one darsie, hereducation, adventures, and ultimate romance.
darsie was the second daughter in a family of six, and by reason of herupsetting nature had won for herself that privilege of priority which byall approved traditions should have belonged to clemence, the eldersister.
clemence was serene and blonde; in virtue of her seventeenyears her pigtail was now worn doubled up, and her skirts had reachedthe discreet level of her ankles.
she had a soft pink and white face,and a pretty red mouth, the lips of which permanently fell apart,disclosing two small white teeth in the centre of the upper gum, becauseof which peculiarity her affectionate family had bestowed upon her thenickname of "bunnie."
perhaps the cognomen had something to do with hersubordinate position.
it was impossible to imagine any one with thename of "bunnie" queening it over that will-o'-the-wisp, that electricflash, that tantalising, audacious creature who is the heroine of thesepages.
darsie at fifteen!
how shall one describe her to the unfortunates whohave never beheld her in the flesh?
it is for most girls an awkwardage, an age of angles, of ungainly bulk, of awkward ways, self-consciousspeech, crass ignorance, and sublime conceit.
clemence had passedthrough this stage with much suffering of spirits on her own part andthat of her relations; lavender, the third daughter, showed at thirteenpreliminary symptoms of appalling violence; but darsie remained as everthat fascinating combination of a child and a woman of the world, whichhad been her characteristic from earliest youth.
always graceful andalert, she sailed triumphant through the trying years, with straightback, graceful gait, and eyes a-shine with a happy self-confidence.
announced darsie's eyes to an admiring world.
"let the bandstrike up!"
some inherent quality in darsie--some grace, some charm, some spell--which she wove over the eyes of beholders, caused them to credit herwith a beauty which she did not possess.
even her family shared in thisdelusion, and set her up as the superlative in degree, so that "aspretty as darsie" had come to be regarded a climax of praise.
the glintof her chestnut hair, the wide, bright eyes, the little oval face set ona long, slim throat smote the onlooker with instant delight, and soblinded him that he had no sight left with which to behold the blemisheswhich walked hand in hand.
photographs valiantly strove to demonstratethe truth; pointed out with cruel truth the stretching mouth, the small,inadequate nose, but even the testimony of sunlight could not convincethe blind.
they sniffed, and said: "what a travesty!
never again to_that_ photographer!
next time we'll try the man in c-- street," anddarsie's beauty lived on, an uncontroverted legend.
by a triumph of bad management, which the garnett girls never ceased todeplore, their three brothers came at the end instead of the beginningof the family.
three grown-up brothers would have been a grand asset;big boys who would have shown a manly tenderness towards the weaknessesof little sisters; who would have helped and amused; big boys going toschool, young men going to college, coming home in the vacations,bringing their friends, acting as squires and escorts to the girls athome.
later on brothers at business, wealthy brothers, generousbrothers; brothers who understood how _long_ quarter-day was in cominground, and how astonishingly quickly a girl's allowance vanishes intospace!
clemence, darsie, and lavender had read of such brothers inbooks, and would have gladly welcomed their good offices in the flesh,but three noisy, quarrelsome, more or less grimy schoolboys, superblyindifferent to "those girls"--this was another, and a very differenttale!
harry was twelve--a fair, blunt-featured lad with a yawningcavity in the front of his mouth, the result of one of the manyaccidents which had punctuated his life.
on the top story of thegarnett house there ran a narrow passage, halfway along which, for wantof a better site, a swing depended from two great iron hooks.
harry, aschampion swinger, ever striving after fresh flights, had one day in afrenzy of enthusiasm swung the rings free from their hold, anddescended, swing and all, in a crash on the oil-clothed floor.
thecrash, the shrieks of the victim and his attendant sprites, smote uponmrs garnett's ears as she sat wrestling with the "stocking basket" in aroom below, and as she credibly avowed, took years from her life.
almost the first objects which met her eye, when, in one bound, as itseemed, she reached the scene of the disaster, was a selection of smallwhite teeth scattered over the oil-clothed floor.
henceforth for yearsharry pursued his way minus front teeth, and the nursery legend darklyhinted that so injured had been the gums by his fall that no secondsupply could be expected.
harry avowed a sincere aspiration that thisshould be the case.
"i can eat as much without them," he declared, "andwhen i grow up i'll have them false, and be an explorer, and scaresavages like the man in rider haggard," so that teeth, or no teeth,would appear to hold the secret of his destiny.
russell had adenoids, and snored.
his peculiarities included a facultyfor breaking his bones, at frequent and inconvenient occasions, aninsatiable curiosity about matters with which he had no concern, and amost engaging and delusive silkiness of manner.
"gentleman russell," atitle bestowed by his elders, had an irritating effect on an elderbrother conscious of being condemned by the contrast, and when quoteddownstairs brought an unfailing echo of thumps in the seclusion of theplayroom.
tim played on his privileges as "littlest," and his mother's barelyconcealed partiality, and was as irritating to his elders as a smallperson can be, who is always present when he is not wanted, absent whenhe is, in peace adopts the airs of a conqueror, and in warfare promptlycries, and collapses into a curly-headed baby boy, whom the authoritiesdeclare it is "cr-uel" to bully!
for the rest, the house was of the high and narrow order common to townterraces, inconveniently crowded by its many inmates, and viewed fromwithout, of a dark and grimy appearance.
sandon terrace had no boast to make either from an architectural or aluxurious point of view, and was so obviously inferior to its neighbour,napier terrace, that it was lacerating to the garnett pride to feel thattheir sworn friends the vernons were so much better domiciled thanthemselves.
napier terrace had a strip of garden between itself and therough outer world; big gateways stood at either end, and what vie vernongrandiloquently spoke of as "a carriage sweep" curved broadly between.
divided accurately among the houses in the terrace, the space of groundapportioned to each was limited to a few square yards, but the vernonswere chronically superior on the subject of "the grounds," and inspringtime when three hawthorns, a lilac, and one spindly laburnum-treestruggled into bloom, their airs were beyond endurance.
the vernons had also a second claim to superiority over the garnetts,inasmuch as they were the proud possessors of an elder brother, a remoteand learned person who gained scholarships, and was going to be primeminister when he was grown up.
dan at eighteen, coaching with a tutorpreparatory to going up to cambridge, was removed by continents ofsuperiority from day-school juniors.
occasionally in their disguise ofthe deadly jealousy which in truth consumed them, the garnett familyendeavoured to make light of the personality of this envied person.
tobegin with, his name!
"dan" was well enough.
"dan" sounded a boy-likeboy, a manly man; of a "dan" much might be expected in the way of sportand mischief, but--oh, my goodness--_daniel_!
the garnetts discussedthe cognomen over the play-room fire.
"it must be so _embarrassing_ to have a bible name!"
"think of church!
when they read about me i should be covered withconfusion, and imagine that every one was staring at our pew!"
clemence stared thoughtfully into space.
"i, clemence, take theedaniel," she recited slowly, and shuddered.
"no--really, i couldn't!"
"he wouldn't have you!"
the three boys piped; even tim, who plainly wastalking of matters he could not understand, added his note to thechorus, but darsie cocked her little head, and added eagerly--"couldn't you, really?
what _could_ you, do you think?"
clemence stared again, more rapt than ever.
"lancelot, perhaps," she opined, "or sigismund.
everard's nice too, orronald or guy--""bah!
daniel is _ugly_," darsie admitted, "butit's strong.
dan vernon will fight lions like the bible one; they'llroar about him, and his enemies will cast him in, but they'll not manageto kill him.
he'll trample them under foot, and leave them behind, likemilestones on the road."
darsie was nothing if not inaccurate, but inthe bosom of one's own family romantic flights are not allowed to atonefor discrepancies, and the elder sister was quick to correct.
"daniel didn't fight the lions!
what's the use of being high falutin'and making similes that aren't correct?"
"dear clemence, you _are_ so literal!"
darsie tilted her head with anair of superiority which reduced the elder to silence, the while shecogitated painfully why such a charge should be cast as a reproach.
tobe literal was to be correct.
daniel had _not_ fought the lions!
darsie had muddled up the fact in her usual scatterbrain fashion, and bygood right should have deplored her error.
darsie, however, was seldomknown to do anything so dull; she preferred by a nimble change of frontto put others in the wrong, and keep the honours to herself.
now, aftera momentary pause, she skimmed lightly on to another phase of thesubject.
"what should you say was the character and life history of awoman who could call her eldest child `daniel,' the second `violaimogen,' and the third and fourth `hannah' and `john'?"
clemence had no inspiration on the subject.
she said: "don't be silly!"
sharply, and left it to lavender to supply the necessary stimulus.
"_tell_ us, darsie, tell us!
you make it up--""my dear, it is evident to the meanest intellect.
she was the child ofa simple country household, who, on her marriage, went to live in atown; and when her first-born son was born, she pined to have himchristened by her father's name in the grey old church beneath the ivytower; so they travelled there, and the white-haired sire held theinfant at the font, while the tears furrowed his aged cheeks.
_but_--byslow degrees the insidious effects of the great capital invaded the mindof the sweet young wife, and the simple tastes of her girlhood turned tovanity, so that when the second babe was born, and her husband wished tocall her hannah after her sainted grandmother, she wept, and made anawful fuss, and would not be consoled until he gave in to viola imogen,and a christening cloak trimmed with plush.
and she was christened in acity church, and the organ pealed, and the godmothers wore rich array,and the poor old father stayed at home and had a slice of christeningcake sent by the post.
but the years passed on.
saddened and soberedby the discipline of life, aged and worn, her thoughts turned once moreto her quiet youth, and when at last a third child--""there's only two years between them!"
darsie frowned, but continued her narrative in a heightened voice--"--was laid in her arms, and her husband suggested `ermyntrude'; sheshuddered, and murmured softly, `hannah--_plain_ hannah!'
and plainhannah she has been ever since!"
a splutter of laughter greeted this _denouement_, for in truth hannahvernon was not distinguished for her beauty, being one of the plainest,and at the same time the most good-natured of girls.
lavender cried eagerly--"go on!
make up some more," but clemence from the dignity of seventeenyears felt bound to protest--"i don't think you--_ought_!
it's not your business.
mrs vernon's afriend, and she wouldn't be pleased.
to talk behind her back--""all right," agreed darsie swiftly.
"let's crack nuts!"
positively she left one breathless!
one moment poised on imaginaryflights, weaving stories from the baldest materials, drawing allegoriesof the lives of her friends, the next--an irresponsible wisp, with nothought in the world but the moment's frolic; but whatever might be thefancy of the moment she drew her companions after her with the magnetismof a born leader.
in the twinkling of an eye the scene was changed, the vernons with theirpeculiarities were consigned to the limbo of forgotten things, whileboys and girls squatted on the rug scrambling for nuts out of a paperbag, and cracking them with their teeth with monkey-like agility.
"how many can you crack at a time?
bet you i can crack more than you!"
cried darsie loudly.
the garnetts' house stood at the corner of sandon terrace, and possessedat once the advantages and drawbacks of its position.
the advantageswere represented by three bay windows, belonging severally to thedrawing-room, mother's bedroom, and the play-room on the third floor.
the bay windows at either end of the terrace bestowed an architecturalfinish to its flattened length, and from within allowed of extendedviews up and down the street.
the drawback lay in the position of thefront door, which stood round the corner in a side street, on whichabutted the gardens of the houses of its more aristocratic neighbour,napier terrace.
once, in a moment of unbridled temper, vie vernon hadalluded to the garnett residence as being located "at our back door,"and though she had speedily repented, and apologised, even with tears,the sting remained.
apart from the point of inferiority, however, the position had itscharm.
from the eerie of the top landing window one could get a bird's-eye view of the napier terrace gardens with their miniature grass plots,their smutty flower-beds, and the dividing walls with their clothing ofblackened ivy.
some people were ambitious, and lavished unrequitedaffection on struggling rose-trees in a centre bed, others contentedthemselves with a blaze of homely nasturtiums; others, again, abandonedthe effort after beauty, hoisted wooden poles, and on monday morningsfloated the week's washing unashamed.
in number two the tenant keptpigeons; number four owned a real persian cat, who basked majestic onthe top of the wall, scorning his tortoiseshell neighbours.
when the lamps were lit, it was possible also to obtain glimpses intothe dining-rooms of the two end houses, if the maids were not in toogreat a hurry to draw down the blinds.
a newly married couple hadrecently come to live in the corner house--a couple who wore eveningclothes every night, and dined in incredible splendour at half-pastseven.
it was thrilling to behold them seated at opposite sides of thegay little table, all a-sparkle with glass and silver, to watch courseafter course being handed round, the final dallying over dessert.
on one never-to-be-forgotten occasion, suddenly and without theslightest warning, bride and bridegroom had leaped from their seats andbegun chasing each other wildly round the table.
she flew, he flew; hedodged, she screamed (one could _see_ her scream!)
dodged again, andflew wildly in an opposite direction.
the chase continued for severalbreathless moments, then, to the desolation of the beholders, swept outof sight into the fastnesses of the front hall.
never--no, never--could the bitterness of that disappointment beoutlived.
to have been shut out from beholding the _denouement_--it was_too_ piteous!
in vain darsie expended herself on flights ofimagination, in vain rendered in detail the conversation which had ledup to the thrilling chase--the provocation, the threat, the defiance--nothing but the reality could have satisfied the thirst of curiosity ofthe beholders.
would he kiss her?
would he beat her?
would she cry?
was it a frolic, or a fight?
would the morrowfind them smiling and happy as of yore, or driving off in separate cabsto take refuge in the bosoms of their separate families?
darsie opinedthat all would _seem_ the same on the surface, but darkly hinted at thelittle rift within the lute, and somehow after that night the glamourseemed to have departed from this honeymoon pair, and the fair seemingwas regarded with suspicion.
as regards the matter of distance, it took an easy two minutes to coverthe space between the front doors of the two houses, and there seemed anendless number of reasons why the members of the different familiesshould fly round to consult each other a dozen times a day.
darsie andlavender, vie and plain hannah attended the same high school; thegarnett boys and john vernon the same royal institute, but the fact thatthey walked to and from school together, and spent the intervening hoursin the same class-rooms, by no means mitigated the necessity of meetingagain during luncheon and tea hours.
in holiday times the necessitynaturally increased, and bells pealed incessantly in response to tugsfrom youthful hands.
then came the time of the great servants' strike.
that bell was aperfect nuisance; ring, ring, ring the whole day long.
something elseto do than run about to open the door for a pack of children!
the two mistresses, thus coerced, issued a fiat.
once a day, and nooftener!
all arrangements for the afternoon to be made in the morning_seance_, the rendezvous to be _outside_, not _inside_ the house.
after this came on the age of signals; whistlings outside the windows,rattling of the railings, comes through letter-boxes and ventilationgrids, even--on occasions of special deafness--pebbles thrown againstthe panes!
a broken window, and a succession of whoops making the airhideous during the progress of an extra special tea party, evoked thedispleasure of the mistresses in turns, and a second verdict went forthagainst signals in all forms, whereupon the garnetts and vernons inconclave deplored the hard-heartedness of grown-ups, and set their witsto work to evolve a fresh means of communication.
"s'pose," said russell, snoring thoughtfully, "s'pose we had atelegraph!"
"s'pose we had an airship!
one's just as easy as the other.
don't be ajuggins."
but russell snored on unperturbed.
"i don't mean a _real_ telegraph, only a sort--of _pretend_!
there'sour side window, and your back windows.
if we could run a line across."
"a line of _what_?"
anything we like."
"s'pose we _did_ fix it, what then?"
russell pondered deeply.
he was the member of the family who had anatural aptitude for mechanism; the one who mended toys, and on occasionwas even consulted about mother's sewing-machine and escapes of gas,therefore he filled the place of engineer-royal and was expected to takeall structural difficulties upon his own shoulders.
he pondered,blinking his pale blue eyes.
"can't send messages in the usual way--too difficult.
if the cord weredouble, we might have a bag and switch it across."
the audience pricked its ears and sat alert, seeing in imaginationthe tiny cord swung high in space above the dividing ground, stretchingfrom window to window, fastened securely on the sills, "somehow,"according to the girls, the boys critically debating the question ofways and means, strong iron hoops, for choice, clamped into theframework of the windows.
"how would the messages be sent?"
"in a bag, of course.
put the letter in the bag; then we'd pull andpull, and it would work round and round, till it arrived at the oppositeend."
a stealthy exchange of glances testified to the general realisation ofthe fact that it would take a _long_ time to pull, a much longer time,for instance, than to run round by the road, and deposit the missive inthe letter-box, a still unforbidden means of communication.
every onerealised the fact, but every one scorned to put it into words.
what wasa mere matter of time, compared with the glory and _eclat_ of owning areal live telegraph of one's own?
the first stage of the proceedings was to obtain the parental consent,and this was secured with an ease and celerity which was positivelydisconcerting.
when mothers said, "oh, yes, dears, certainly--certainlyyou may try!"
with a smile in their eyes, a twist on their lips, and abarely concealed incredulity oozing out of every pore, it put theyoungsters on their mettle to succeed, or perish in the attempt.
themothers obviously congratulated themselves on a project which wouldprovide innocent amusement for holiday afternoons, while they inwardlyderided the idea of permanent success.
"we'll show 'em!"
cried harry darkly.
"we'll let 'em see!"
the next point was to decide on the window in each house which shouldact as telegraph station.
in the case of the vernons there wasobviously no alternative, for the third-floor landing window possessedqualifications far in excess of any other, but with the garnetts tworival factions fought a wordy combat in favour of the boys' room and thelittle eerie inhabited by lavender, each of which occupied equally goodsites.
"stick to it!
stick to it!"
were harry's instructions to his youngerbrother.
"they can't put the thing up without us, so they're bound tocome round in the end, and if we've got the telegraph station, it willgive us the whip hand over them for ever.
it's our room, and they'vejolly well got to behave if they want to come in.
if they turn rusty,we'll lock the door, and they'll have to be civil, or do without thetelegraph.
let 'em talk till they're tired, and then they'll give in,and we'll go out and buy the cord."
and in the end the girls succumbed as predicted.
lavender's pride inowning the site of the great enterprise weakened before the tragicpicture drawn for her warning, in which she saw herself roused fromslumber at unearthly hours of the night, leaning out of an opened windowto draw a frozen cord through bleeding hands.
she decided that on thewhole it would be more agreeable to lie snugly in bed and receive themessages from the boys over a warm and leisurely breakfast.
these two great points arranged, nothing now remained but the erectionof the line itself, and two strong iron hoops having been fixed into theouter sills of the respective windows a fine saturday afternoonwitnessed the first struggle with the cord.
vie vernon and plain hannah unrolled one heavy skein, threaded itthrough their own hoop, and lowered the two ends into the garden, wherejohn stood at attention ready to throw them over the wall.
darsie andlavender dropped their ends straight into the street, and then chasedmadly downstairs to join the boys and witness the junction of the lines.
each line being long enough in itself to accomplish the double journey,the plan was to pull the connected string into the garnett station, cutoff the superfluous length, and tie the ends taut and firm.
nothingcould have seemed easier in theory, but in practice unexpecteddifficulties presented themselves.
the side street was as a rulesingularly free from traffic, but with the usual perversity of fate,every tradesman's cart in the neighbourhood seemed bent on exercisingits horse up and down its length this saturday afternoon.
no soonerwere lines knotted together in the middle of the road than thegreengrocer came prancing round the corner, and they must needs behastily untied; secured a second time, the milkman appeared onincredibly early rounds, reined his steed on its haunches, and scowledfiercely around; before there was time to rally from his attack aprocession of coal-carts came trundling heavily past.
by this time alsothe frantic efforts of the two families had attracted the attention oftheir enemies, a body of boys, scathingly designated "the cads," whoinhabited the smaller streets around and waged an incessant war against"the softs," as they in return nicknamed their more luxuriousneighbours.
the cads rushed to the scene with hoots and howls of derision; white-capped heads peered over bedroom blinds; even the tortoiseshell catsstalked over the dividing walls to discover the cause of the unusualexcitement.
clemence, with the sensitiveness of seventeen years,hurried round the corner, and walked hastily in an opposite direction,striving to look as if she had no connection with the scrimmage in theside street.
darsie read the cads a lecture on nobility of conduct,which they received with further hoots and sneers.
plain hannah plankedherself squarely before the scene of action with intent to act as abulwark from the attack of the enemy.
the three boys worked withfeverish energy, dreading the appearance of their parents and an edictto cease operations forthwith.
the first lull in the traffic was seized upon to secure the knots, whenpresto!
the line began to move, as russell the nimble-minded hauledvigorously from the upstairs station, whence he had been dispatched afew moments before.
the cads yelled and booed as the first glimmeringknowledge of what was on foot penetrated their brains; they groupedtogether and consulted as to means of frustration; but with every momentthat passed yards of line were disappearing from view, and the skeins inthe streets were rapidly diminishing in size.
presently there was not asingle coil left, and a cheer of delight burst from the onlookers asthey watched the cord rise slowly off the ground.
now with good luckand the absence of vehicles for another two minutes the deed would bedone, and the garnett-vernon telegraph an accomplished fact; but alas!
at this all-important moment one line of string caught in an ivy stem atthe top of a garden wall, and refused to be dislodged by tuggings andpullings from below.
the cads raised a derisive cheer, and to add tothe annoyances of the moment a cab rounded the corner, the driver ofwhich pulled up in scandalised amaze on finding the road barricaded bytwo stout lines of string.
his strictures were strong and to the point, and though he finallyconsented to drive over the hastily lowered line, he departed shakinghis whip in an ominous manner, and murmuring darkly concerning police.
"on to the wall, john.
climb up and ease it over.
if we don'tget it up in a jiffy we shall have the bobbies after us!"
cried harryfrantically, whereupon john doubled back into his own garden, and byperilous graspings of ivy trunks and projecting bricks scaled to the topand eased the line from its grip.
he cried, lifting his face to the opposite window.
_pull_ for your life!"
russell pulled; a second time the double thread rose in the air.
darsiejumped with excitement; lavender clasped her hands, all white and tensewith suspense, plain hannah ran to and fro, emitting short, staccatocroaks of delight; harry stood in manly calm, arms akimbo, a beam ofsatisfaction broadening his face.
that smile, alas!
gave the last touchof exasperation to the watching cads.
to stand still and behold theline vanishing into space had been in itself an ordeal, but harry'slordly air, his strut, his smile--these were beyond their endurance!
with a rallying shout of battle they plunged forward, grabbed at theascending cord, hung for a dizzy moment suspended on its length, thenwith a final cheer felt it snap in twain and drag limply along theground.
alas for harry and for john--what could they do, two men alone, againsta dozen?
the girls screamed, declaimed, vowed shrill revenge, but inthe matter of practical force were worse than useless.
even withrussell's aid the forces were hopelessly uneven.
harry stood looking ongloomily while the cads, chortling with triumph, galloped down the road,trailing behind them the long lengths of cord; then, like a trueenglishman, being half-beaten, he set his teeth and vowed to conquer, orto die.
"they think we're sold, but they'll find their mistake!
we'll get up atfive on monday morning and have the thing in working trig before theyhave opened their silly eyes."
this programme being duly enacted, the telegraph stations remained foryears as an outward and visible sign of the only piece of work whichharry garnett was ever known to accomplish before the hour of hisbelated breakfast.
among the crowd of relations near and far most families possess onerelation _par excellence_, who stands out from all the rest by reasoneither of generosity, aggravatingness, or strength of character.
sometimes this relation is an uncle; more often it is an aunt; almostinvariably he or she is unmarried or widowed, because the single statenaturally allows more time and energy for interests beyond the personalhousehold.
the garnetts' relation _par excellence_ was aunt maria--_lady_ maria asthey erroneously called her, being unsophisticated in the niceties ofthe peerage.
her rightful cognomen was lady hayes, and she was theelderly, very elderly, widow of an estimable gentleman who had beencreated a baronet in recognition of services rendered to his politicalparty.
the garnetts felt that it was very stylish to possess an auntwith a title, and introduced her name with an air when the vernons grewsuperior on the subject of "the grounds."
lady hayes was an eccentricindividual who inhabited a beautiful old country house in the midlands,from which base she was given to suddenly swooping down upon herrelations, choosing by preference for these visits the times whencarpets had been sent away to be cleaned, or the maids granted days offto visit relations in the country.
then lady hayes would appear,announce her intention of staying a couple of nights, declare herunwillingness to give the slightest trouble, and proceed to request thather maid should be accommodated with a room next to her own, and thatthey should both be supplied with a vegetarian diet, supplemented byglasses of sterilised milk at intervals of every two hours.
sometimesthe vegetarianism gave place to a diet of minced beef, but whatevermight be the diet of the moment it was invariably something which no oneelse wanted to eat, and which took about three times as long to prepareas the entire rations for the household dinner of ten.
it was at the close of the midsummer term, when the garnett family wereblissfully preparing for the yearly migration to the sea, that a letterfrom aunt maria fell like a bombshell upon the peaceful scene.
thisyear the holiday promised to be even more blissful than usual, for thevernons had secured a second farmhouse, not ten minutes' walk from theirown, and connected with the sea by the same fascinating field-paths.
afarm and the sea!
could there possibly exist a more fascinatingcombination?
the young people sniffed in advance the two dear,distinctive odours which, more than anything else, presented the scenesbefore them--the soft, cowy-milky scent of the farm, the salt, sharpwhiff of the brine.
from morn till night, at every available moment,they discussed the day's programme--feeding animals, calling the cows,bathing, picnicking on the sands, crab-hunting, mountain climbing.
excitement grew until it really seemed impossible to exist through theintervening days, and then the bombshell fell!
a letter arrived by anevening post, when mr and mrs garnett were enjoying the oneundisturbed hour of the day.
it bore the hayes crest, and was writtenin aunt maria's small, crabbed handwriting--"my dear emily,--"i propose, all being well, to pay you a short visit from tuesday tothursday next, twelfth to fifteenth instant.
please let me have thesame rooms as on my last visit.
i am at present living on benger'sfood, and must ask you to see that it is made freshly for each meal, ina _perfectly clean, enamelled saucepan_.
"the chief object of my visit is to bring back one of your threedaughters to stay with me during the summer vacation.
i have beenfeeling somewhat lonely of late, and my doctor recommends young society,so it has occurred to me that in obeying his instructions i might at thesame time afford pleasure and benefit to one of your family.
should ibecome interested in the child it might be to her advantage hereafter,but it must be understood that i can make no promises on this point.
"the eighteen months which have elapsed since my last visit havesomewhat dimmed my remembrance of your girls, so that i must see themagain before deciding as to which of the three i should prefer as acompanion.
"with love to william and yourself,--"believe me, my dear emily,--"your affectionate aunt,--"maria hayes."
mrs garnett read this communication in silence, handed it to herhusband, and watched him flush and frown over the perusal.
"does not even go through the form of asking our consent!"
that's aunt maria all over.
you could hardly imagine that shewould.
i'm afraid, will--i'm _afraid_ she will haveto go!"
"poor little kiddie, yes!
how she will hate it!
just at this momentwhen they are all wild with joy at the thought of their holiday with thevernons.
it seems positively brutal!"
"oh, it does.
i am so sorry for her--whichever it may be--but one mustsometimes be cruel to be kind.
we can't afford--i am not mercenary, asyou know--but with our means we _can't_ afford to refuse any possibleadvantage for our girls!
the sacrifice of a summer holiday ought not toweigh against that."
"no, you're right, quite right.
so be it then.
write and tell her tocome, only i tell you plainly my holiday's spoiled...  with darsiegone--""dear!
she has not chosen yet."
you know perfectly well--"they looked at each other, smiling, rueful, half-ashamed.
it seemedlike treason to the other girls, this mutual acknowledgment that darsiewas the flower of the flock, the child of the six to whom all strangerswere attracted as by a magnet.
clarence and lavender were equally asdear to the parents' hearts, but there was no denying the existence of aspecial and individual pride in the fascinations of darsie.
mr garnett turned aside with an impatient shrug.
"there's one thing, emily, _you_ must tell her when it is settled!
there'll be a tremendous scene.
i flatly refuse--""very well, dear, very well; i'll do it.
but it's not decided yet,remember, and one can never be sure.
i'd better break the idea to thegirls before aunt maria comes, and let them get over the firstexcitement.
to-night would be a good opportunity.
you will be outlate, so would be spared the scene!"
"bless you, emily!
i'm a coward, i know, but i _should_ be grateful.
ican't answer for what i should do if darsie cried, and begged myprotection.
women have twice the pluck of men in these affairs!"
nevertheless it was with a quaking heart that mrs garnett broached theobject of aunt maria's proposition over the schoolroom tea thatafternoon, and her nervousness was not decreased by the smilinglyunperturbed manner in which it was received.
never, never for a momentdid it appear possible to the three girls that such a proposition couldbe seriously discussed.
sneered clemence with a fine disdain.
"give up all thefun and excitement of the sea with the vernons, to _browse_ with auntmaria.
_so_ likely, to be sure!"
"poor dear old love!
she _is_ deluded.
thinks it would be a pleasureand benefit, does she.
i wouldn't take a thousand pounds--"thus lavender.
darsie went a step farther in tragic declamation.
"i'd drown myself first!
to sit there--panting, in hot rooms, onbenger's food, and know that all the others were bathing and runningwild on the shore--i'd burst!
i'd run away in an hour--""dears, it's a beautiful old place.
there are gardens, and lawns, andhorses, and dogs.
i am sure there are cows--she used tokeep a herd of jerseys.
you could see them being milked."
"welsh cows are good enough for me.
i don't need jerseys.
give me the free, untrammelled countryside!
"`and to see it reflected in eyes that i love.'"
darsie paraphrased a line of the sweet old ballad, singing it in aclear, bell-like voice to a pantomime of clasped hands and rolling eyes.
"it would be bad enough in an ordinary year, but to rend us apart fromthe vernons--oh, no, it's unthinkable!"
"you have the vernons near you all the year, dear.
aunt maria only asksfor eight weeks.
there are occasions in life when it does not do tothink only of our own pleasure."
a note in the mother's voice had startled her hearers into theconviction that the invitation must be regarded seriously, and nottossed aside as a joke.
a lacerating suspicion that the authoritieswere in favour of an acceptance pierced like a dart.
what do you mean?
you couldn't _possibly_ be so cruel--""mother, you don't mean--."
"mother, what _do_ you mean?"
"i mean that you ought to go, dears, which ever one of you is asked.
aunt maria is an old lady, and she is lonely.
her doctor has orderedcheerful companionship.
moreover, she has been a kind friend to fatherin the past, and has a right to expect some consideration in return.
ifyou went in the right spirit, you could be of real use and comfort, andwould have the satisfaction of doing a kind deed."
darsie set her lips in a straight line, and tilted her chin in the air.
"couldn't pretend to go in the right spirit!
i'd be in a tearing rage.
somebody else can have the `satisfaction,' and i'll go to the sea."
"darsie, dear, that's naughty!"
"i _feel_ naughty, mother.
`naughty' is a mild word.
it's too appalling.
what does father say?
i'm sure he wouldnever--""father feels as i do; very disappointed for our own sakes and for yoursthat our happy party should be disturbed, but he never shirks adisagreeable duty himself, and he expects his children to follow hisexample."
lavender instantly burst into tears.
"it's always the way--always the way!
it was too good to be true.
wemight have known that it was.
she'll choose me, and hannah will gowithout me.
we'd planned every day--fishing, and bathing, and makinghay, and i shall be mewed up in a close carriage, and have meals ofnuts--and n-n-nobody to talk to.
oh, i can't--i can't bear it!
i wishi could die and be buried--i _cannot_ bear it--""you won't have to bear it.
she'll choose me.
i'm the eldest, and themost of a companion."
clemence spoke with the calmness of despair, herplump cheeks whitening visibly, her pale eyes showing a flush of redaround the lids.
"of course, if it's my duty, i must go--but i'd assoon be sent to prison!
i'm feeling _very_ tired, and thought theholiday would set me up.
now, of course, i shall be worse.
eight weeksalone with aunt maria would try anybody's nerves.
i shall be a wreckall winter, and have neuralgia till i'm nearly mad."
if you are so tired, the rest and quiet of thetowers will be just what you need; and as we don't know yet which one ofyou aunt maria will wish as a companion, it is a pity for you all tomake yourselves miserable at once.
why not try to forget, and hope forthe best!
surely that would be the wiser plan."
the three girls looked at each other in eloquent silence.
easy to talk.
as if they _could_!
mother didn't really believe whatshe said.
she was making the best of it, and there were occasions whenmaking the best of it seemed just the most aggravating thing one coulddo.
it was a relief to the girls when mrs garnett was summoned from theroom on household business, and they were left to themselves.
a cravingfor sympathy was the predominant sensation, and prompted the suggestion,"let's wire to the vernons," which was followed by a stampede upstairs.
the telegraph was a sufficiently new institution to appear a pleasurerather than a toil, even though a message thus dispatched was aninfinitely longer and more laborious effort than a run round theterrace, so to-day a leaf was torn from the note-book, a dramaticannouncement penned and placed in the hanging-bag, with its jinglingbell of warning, and the three girls took it in turns to pull at thecord till the missive arrived at its destination.
attracted by thesound of the bell, vie and plain hannah stood at the window awaiting thecommunication, read over its contents, and stood silent and dismayed.
the garnetts, watching from afar, realised the dramatic nature of thatpause, and thrilled in sympathy.
"_one of us is going to be sent to prison instead of to the country_!"
vie and plain hannah wagged their heads over the cipher,hesitated long, pencil in hand, and, finally, in a frenzy of impatience,which refused to be curbed even by loyalty to the telegraph itself,dispatched an urgent summons to speech--"_come round and talk_!"
the garnetts flew.
the vernons, waiting upon the doorstep, escortedthem upstairs to the scantily furnished room which had first been anursery, then promoted to playroom, and, ultimately, when the morejuvenile name wounded the susceptibilities of its inmates, had becomedefinitely and proudly "the study."
the bureau in the corner was dan'sspecial property, and might not be touched by so much as a finger-tip.
the oak table with three sound legs and a halting fourth, supported byan ancient volume of _good words_, was vie's property; john and plainhannah shared the dining-table, covered with the shabby green baizecloth, which stood in the centre of the room.
there were a variety ofuncomfortable chairs, an ink-splashed drugget, and red walls coveredwith pictures which had been banished from other rooms as they acquiredthe requisite stage of decrepitude and grime.
the five girls surged into the room, faced each other, and burst intoeager speech--"_who's_ going to prison?"
"we don't know.
wish we did!"
"what do you mean by prison?"
one of us has to go and stay with her for eight weeksinstead of going with you to the sea."
vie vernon collapsed on to the nearest chair, and gasped for breath.
she murmured beneath her breath.
vie had a new word eachseason which she used to describe every situation, good and bad.
theseason before it had been "weird!"
this season it was "stupendous," andshe was thankful for the extra syllable in this moment of emotion.
"it's really true?
you mean it in earnest?
"thinks it would be a pleasure to us, and that we should be cheerycompanions.
_so_ likely, isn't it?"
"but--but surely your mother-- what does she say?"
oughtn't to think of ourselves.
ought to show a rightspirit and go."
cried vie once again.
plain hannah hoisted herself on tothe corner of the table, and hunched herself in thought.
she really wasextraordinarily plain.
looking at her critically, it seemed thateverything that should have been a line had turned into a curve, andeverything that should have been a curve into a line; she was thick-set,clumsy, awkward in gait, her eyes were small, her mouth was large, shehad a meagre wisp of putty-coloured hair, and preposterously thickeyebrows several shades darker in hue, and no eyelashes at all.
friendsand relations lavished much pity on poor dear hannah's unfortunatelooks, but never a sigh did hannah breathe for herself.
she was strongand healthy, her sturdy limbs stood her in good stead in the variousgames and sports in which she delighted, and she would not haveexchanged her prowess therein for all the pink cheeks and golden locksin the world.
hannah's manner, like her appearance, lacked grace andcharm; it was abrupt, forceful, and to the point.
she spoke now, chinsunk in her grey flannel blouse, arms wrapped round her knees--"is she coming to see you before she chooses, or will it be done bypost?"
two days next week.
isn't it too awful?
we were sohappy--the telegraph up, and the weather jolly, and holidays nearlyhere.
`all unsuspecting of their doom the little victims played.'
holidays with aunt maria!
even the third of a chanceturns me cold with dismay.
i couldn't bear--""you won't need to.
she won't have you.
she'll choose darsie."
darsie squealed in shrillest protest--"no, no!
it's not fair.
it's always the eldestor the youngest.
i'm the middle--the insignificant middle.
why shouldshe choose me?"
"you are not so modest as a rule!
you know perfectly well thatstrangers always _do_ take more notice of you than any one else.
youare always the one who is fussed over and praised."
"because i want to be!
this time i shan't.
i'll be just as sulky andhorrid as i can for the whole blessed time."
"you'll be there anyway, and you can't alter your face."
"my fatal beauty!"
wailed darsie, and wrung her hands in impassionedfashion.
then she looked critically from one sister to another, andproceeded to candid criticisms of their charms.
"clemence is not pretty, but she's _nice_!
if she did her hair better,and sat up, and had a colour, and didn't poke her chin, she'd look quitedecent.
i should think it would be interesting to take some one who_needed_ improving, and see what you could do.
lavender's gawky, ofcourse, girls _are_ gawky at her age, but i shouldn't wonder if she grewquite decent-looking in time.
rest and quiet would do wonders!"
"thank you, indeed!
you _are_ kind!"
the sisters bridled and tossedtheir heads, by no means appeased by such prognostications of theirfuture charms.
"certainly if she took _you_, she might teach you to bemodest!"
"oh, dear, oh, dear, i don't want _any_ of you to go!"
vie, thepeacemaker, rushed to the rescue.
she was just sixteen, younger thanclemence, older than darsie, attached almost equally to the two.
lavender, of course, was quite too young for a companion, but thenlavender and hannah paired together; if she were absent, hannah at aloose end would demand entrance into those three-sided conferences whichmade the joy of life.
the fear of such an incursion made lavender atthat moment seem even more precious than her sisters.
vie continued herlament with bitter emphasis--"_too_ bad--_too_ hard--stupendous!
horridinterfering old thing!
if i were your parents i wouldn't--not for allthe money in the world, i wouldn't sacrifice a child to an old ogre likethat!
i'd keep my own children and let them be happy while they could,but, of course, if she talks of duty...!
if there's one thing morestupendous than another it's being put on one's honour!
it gives one_no_ chance.
well, you'll have to go, i suppose, and our holiday isspoiled.
i've never been so disappointed in my life."
"think of how _we_ feel!"
croaked clemence tragically, but this time thetragedy did not ring so true, for since plain hannah's verdict herspirits had risen considerably.
hannah was the shrewdest and cleverestof all five girls, and her prophecies were proverbially correct.
clemence felt sufficiently reassured to reflect that as the eldest inyears, she would do well to show an example of resignation.
shelengthened her face, and added solemnly--"i don't think you ought to talk like that about honour, vie!
it oughtto be an incentive.
if i go, the only thing that will console me mostis the feeling that i am doing my duty!"
vie stared, and the younger girls coughed in derisive chorus.
"isn't it easy to be resigned for somebody else?"
demanded plain hannahof the ceiling.
"you are _not_ going, my dear, and you know it.
darsielikes well enough to queen it as a rule, and now she's got to pay theprice.
that's the cost of good looks.
thank goodness no one will everwant to run off with _me_!--not even a staid old aunt.
tell us aboutyour aunt, by the way--you've talked enough about yourselves.
wheredoes she live, and what is she like, and what does she do, and what will_you_ do when you're there?
have any of you ever seen the place?"
"not since we were old enough to remember, but mother has been and toldus all about it.
it's big, with a lodge, two lodges, and a park allround, very rich, and grand, and respectable, and dull.
there are men-servants to wait at table, and the windows are never open, and shedrives out every day in a closed carriage, and plays patience at night,and wears two wigs, turn about, a week at a time.
her cheeks are red,the sort of red that is made up of little red lines, and never getsbrighter or darker, and she likes to be quiet and avoid excitement.
oh,imagine what it would be like to _choose_ to be quiet, and deliberatelyrun away from a fuss!
can you imagine if you lived a thousand yearsever reaching such a pitch as that?"
darsie held out both hands in dramatic appeal, and her hearers groanedwith unction.
it was impossible, absolutely beyond the power ofimagination to picture such a plight.
each girl hugged to herself theconviction that with her at least would remain immortal youth; thathappen what might to the rest of mankind, no length of years could numbher own splendid vitality and _joie de vivre_.
not even, and at the thought the three garnetts sighed in concert, noteven aunt maria!
only four days before aunt maria arrived to make her great decision!
the garnetts were living in what darsie graphically described as "thehush before the storm," adored, condoned, and indulged by parents whosaw before them the pangs of separation, and by brothers shrewdlyexpectant of parting spoils.
clemence, darsie, and lavender were acutely conscious of the rarifiedatmosphere by which they were surrounded, and only regretted itsnecessarily limited duration.
"let's take advantage of it!"
cried darsie, the diplomat.
"it's ourchance; we should be noodles if we let it slip.
anything we ask nowthey'll let us have.
it's like prisoners who can order what they likefor supper the night before they're hanged.
let's think what we'd like,and go in a body and petition mother.
she won't have the heart torefuse!"
the sisters agreed enthusiastically, but were not rich in suggestions.
it is one of the curious things in life that whereas every day one isbrought up sharply against a dozen longings and ambitions, without thefulfilment of which it seems impossible to live, yet if the suddenquestion be put, "_what would you have_?"
instantly the brain becomes ablank, and not a single suggestion is forthcoming.
the garnetts staredat one another in labouring silence.
it was too late for parties; tooearly for pantomimes, a definite gift, failed to meet the case, sinceeach girl thought with a pang, "what's the use?
i might not be here toenjoy it!"
extra indulgences, such as sitting up at night, or being"let off" early morning practising, did not appear sufficientlyimportant, since, with a little scheming, these might be gained inaddition.
it was lavender who at last succeeded in hitting the populartaste.
a real whole-day one this time.
lunch in the woods atearley, tea in our old woman's cottage, walk over the fields to theamphitheatre, and home by train from oxholm.
whoever goes with auntmaria will be cheated of her holiday, for the well-behaved countrydoesn't count.
if you have to wear gloves and walk properly, you mightas well be in town at once.
for the victim's sake we ought to have onemore day in the woods!"
clemence and darsie sparkled, for the programme was an opulent one,combining as it did the two ordinary picnics into one.
the yearlyprogramme was that--"if you are good"--the garnett family should betaken for two half-day excursions into the country on two summersaturday afternoons, but though the woods and the amphitheatre were onlyseparated by three short miles, never yet had the two places beenvisited together.
an all-day picnic seemed a regal entertainment,worthy of the unique occasion.
"ourselves and the vernons!
mrs vernon to talk to mother, then theywon't have as much time to look after us.
when they begin on carpetsand curtains they forget everything else, and we can do as we like.
doyou suppose dan would come?"
"sure he wouldn't."
clemence held out eloquent hands.
"does he ever come?
he's a man, soongoing to college, and you are only `kids.'
i'm older than he is really;a woman is always older than a man, but he doesn't like me.
we are not_en rapport_."
clemence tried hard to suppress a smirk of self-consciousness at the use of the french term, while the two youngersisters jeered and booed with the callous brutality of their kind.
aren't we fine?
roll your r's a little more next time, mydear.
it will sound miles better.
your accent leaves much to bedesired.
aren't we grown-up to-day?
aunt maria _would_ be impressed!
a little stay in paris just to put on the accent, and it's wonderful tothink of what you might do!
bet you daren't say that todan!
dare you to tell him that you are not _en rapport_!"
clemence was seized with agitation, discerning through the innocentwords a thinly veiled threat.
if she didn't, darsie _would_!
she cried loudly.
"you mustn't tell; you must _not_!
only sneaky children repeat what is said in private.
promisethis minute that you won't say a word!"
but darsie, like her brothers, was keenly alive to the privilege ofholding a rod in pickle over an elder member of the family.
so long asclemence lived in fear of humiliating disclosure, so long might sheherself walk in safety, free from rebuffs.
she laid her head on oneside and smiled sweetly into her sister's face.
"i shouldn't like exactly, positively, to _promise_, don't you know, fori _am_ such a creature of impulse.
if it rushed over me suddenly, itmight pop out, don't you know, bang!
before i knew what i was about!
ofcourse, on the other hand, i _might_ not--""very well," snapped clemence sharply, "then i stay at home!
it wouldbe no fun for _me_ to go for a picnic with that sort of thing hangingover my head all the time.
i know very well how you'd behave--rollingyour eyes across the table, and beginning half-sentences, andintroducing `_en rapport_' every other moment.
if i'm going to be mademiserable, i'll be miserable at home.
you can go to our last picnic asan undivided family without me, the eldest of the family, and i onlyhope you'll enjoy it; that's all!"
pleaded lavender tragically, moved almost to tears by thepathos of those last words, and darsie shrugged her shoulders,philosophically accepting her defeat.
"all right, i promise!
i'll hug the remembrance secretly in my ownbreast.
it will cheer me through the dullest hours!"
clemence bridled, but made no further protest.
to think of darsiechuckling in secret was not agreeable, but it was as nothing comparedwith the humiliation of meeting dan's grave stare, and seeing the curlof his lip at the repetition of her high-sounding phrase.
as thequickest way of changing the conversation she suggested an adjournmentto the morning-room, where mother sat busy over the eternal mending-basket, to broach the picnic project without delay.
mother agreed instantly, eagerly, indeed, so that there was somethingalmost uncanny in the unusualness of the situation.
to every demand,every suggestion came the unfailing, "yes, darlings!
even the audacity of the double programme aroused no morenotice than the remark that it was an admirable idea.
darsie, strikingwhile the iron was hot, went a step farther and attacked the subject oflunch.
"could we--for once--have something substantialler than sandwiches?
she gasped at the audacity of the request, for chickens werea state dish, reserved for occasions, and in summer for some inscrutablereasons just because they were smaller cost more than ever.
"chickenscut up are so easy to eat.
we needn't have knives and forks.
andlittle cobby dinner-rolls from the confectioner's, with crisp, brownycrust, cut open and stuffed with butter and potted meat, and littlegreen pieces of lettuce.
they had them that way at supper at themasons' party, and they were superb!
and cakes and fruit!
do, mother,let us have a real swagger lunch just for once!"
and mother said, "yes, darling!"
like a lamb, swallowing as it werespring chickens and cobby rolls at a gulp.
it was impossible in givingthe invitation to the vernons to refrain from a hint at the magnificenceof the preparations, though good manners would, of course, have promptedsilence on such a point.
the vernons accepted with acclamation, all except dan, who rudelydeclared that he "refused with pleasure," when darsie bearded him in hisden and proffered the invitation.
he was seated at his desk, for themoment the only occupant of the workroom, and his manner was notexpressive of welcome to the new-comer.
he was a big, heavily builtyouth, with a face which was oddly attractive despite irregular featuresand a dull complexion.
dark eyes looked at you straight and squarebeneath bushy eyebrows; thin lips curved into the oddest, mostexpressive of lines, the square chin had a fashion of projecting untilit seemed to become one of the most eloquent features in his face.
close observation showed that there was a shadow of his upper lip, andrumour had it that he shaved, actually _shaved_ every morning of hislife.
his huge hands had a grip of steel, but it was wonderful how deftand gentle they could be on occasion.
every album and collection in thehouse was labelled by dan, indexed by dan, embellished with ornamentalflourishes and headlines, which dan's big fingers alone had the power toproduce.
now he leaned an elbow on the desk, turned round on his chair,and tilted that eloquent chin in scorn.
hate 'em like poison!
you don't want me!"
"we _do_ want you!
we shouldn't have asked you if we didn't.
don't beunsociable, dan.
it's an extra special occasion, and it would be somuch jollier to be complete.
the boys will behave better if you'rethere."
dan's chin tilted still an inch higher.
that was of course, but--"i hate a family crowd!"
he pronounced tersely.
"if there were only oneor two, it wouldn't be so bad.
usual programme, i suppose--pick flowersand eat biscuits?
not much in my line--thank you all the same.
hopeyou'll have a good time!"
"we're going to have a _real_ lunch--chickens and all sorts of goodthings, and walk to oxholm across the fields.
it will be much moreexciting than the old picnics have been."
"it might easily be that!
no, thank you, i'm off.
some other day--""but we want you, dan!
_i_ want you to come."
"but _i_ don't, you see.
there's the difference.
sorry to disoblige."
darsie regarded him silently, considered the point whether wrath orpathos would be the most powerful weapon, decided rapidly in favour ofpathos, and sank with a sigh on to an opposite chair.
i _quite_ understand.
we wanted you especially becausethis may be the last, the very last time that one of us girls has anyfun this summer, so of course it feels important.
but you are so mucholder--it's natural that you shouldn't care.
i think you've been verynice to be as much with us as you have been...
"hannah says it will be _me_!
that aunt maria is sure to choose me whenshe comes.
do you think she will?"
"ten to one, i should say."
"oh, but why?
how can you be so sure?"
dan's dark eyes surveyed the alert little head, poised on the stem ofthe graceful throat, his thin lips lengthened in the long, straight linewhich showed that he was trying not to smile.
"because--er, you appear to me the sort of girl that an erratic oldfossil would naturally prefer!"
--darsie's dejection was deep--"daniel, how cruel!"
it was acomforting retaliation to address her tormentor by the name he socordially disliked, but she remembered her role, and looked dejectedrather than irate.
"i suppose that's true.
i _need_ discipline, andshe would naturally choose the worst of the three.
no one wants to bedisciplined instead of having a good time, but it may be good for me inthe end.
all the time you are at sea, happy and free, i shall be beingdisciplined for my good...  wednesday may be my last, my very last, gladday...""bah!
snapped dan, but he looked at the curly head, and felta pang of distaste.
the idea of darsie garnett sobered and disciplinedout of recognition was distinctly unpleasant.
he wriggled in his chair,and said tentatively: "it will take more than one old lady to tame_you_, young woman!
you'll have lots of fun yet--perhaps more than ifyou'd stayed at home."
darsie smiled with angelic resignation.
"perhaps so, but it won't be the same _kind_ of fun.
new friends cannever be like old.
if she chooses me, i must go, because of my duty tofather and the rest, but it's going to _hurt_!
i feel,"--she waved herarms dramatically in the air--"like a flower that is being torn out bythe roots!
i shall not live long in a strange soil...  well, goodbye,dan; i won't bother you any more!
thank you very much for all you'vedone for me in the past."
dan searched his memory, found therein inscribed a number ofsnubs, rebuffs, and teasings, but nothing worthy of the thanks sosweetly offered.
he felt a stirring of reproach.
darsie was a decent kid--an amusingkid; if she went away she would leave behind her a decided blank.
looking back over the years, darsie seemed to have played the leadingpart in the historic exploits of the family.
she was growing into quitea big kid now.
he glanced at her again quickly, furtively, and drummedwith his fingers on the desk--hardly a kid at all, almost grown up!
"oh, that's all right; don't worry about that," he mumbled vaguely.
"what a grandiloquent kid you are!
i hope you'll have a better timethan you think, if you do go to visit your aunt."
"thanks so much; i hope i may; and if at any time--_any_ time--i can doanything to help you, or give you the least--the _very_ least--pleasure,please let me know, dan!
i can understand now how one feels when oneleaves home and faces the world!"
said darsie poignantly.
"bye," said dan coolly.
he leaned back in his chair, still thuddingwith his fingers on the desk.
darsie had reached the door and held itopen in her hands before he spoke again.
"what time did you say thatblessed old picnic is to start?"
ten o'clock," said darsie, and, like a true daughter ofeve, spoke not one more word, but shut the door and left him to histhoughts.
you're not to say a word till the time, but he _is_!"
she announced to her sisters that evening; but when they questioned andcross-questioned concerning the means whereby the miracle had beenwrought, she steadfastly refused to satisfy their curiosity.
that wasnot their concern.
an inherent loyalty to dan forbade that she shouldmake public the wiles by which he had been beguiled.
wednesday dawned bright and fair; it had not seemed possible that itcould be wet, and the party of twelve, with their baskets and hampers,drove economically and gaily to the ferry in a three-horse omnibus, soostentatiously treating it as their own vehicle that the few alienpassengers sat abashed, and plainly felt themselves _de trop_.
darsie'sprophecy had been fulfilled, for dan appeared at the starting-point,somewhat grim and sulky of demeanour, but obviously on picnic bent.
hewas the only member of the party whose hands were free of basket orbundle, and when the omnibus trundled into sight he walked forward tomeet it and swung himself up to a place on top as though anxious toconvince beholders that he had no connection with the noisy crowd at thecorner, whereupon the two mothers smiled at each other in amusedreminiscent fashion.
the girls were dressed in white; the boys wore flannel trousers withschool blazers and caps.
clemence had put on a veil to protect hercomplexion; plain hannah's sailor hat left yards of forehead bleaklyexposed.
darsie wore her little kodak swung across her shoulder injaunty military fashion.
she invariably carried a camera on suchoccasions, and never by any chance used it to take any photographs; theprogramme was so unalterable that it had ceased to attract any attentionamong her companions.
the omnibus conveyed the party to the ferry, from whence an hourly boatpuffed several miles up the river to where the village of earley stoodon the opposite bank.
it was an ancient and by no means luxuriousbarque, impregnated from bow to stern with a hot, oily, funnelly smellfrom which it was impossible to escape, and as travellers to earley werealmost invariably on pleasure bent, the usual satellites were inattendance.
there was an old man in a long coat who had played the sameballads on the same old concertina with the same incredibly dirtyfingers for as long as memory could recall; there was an old woman witha clean apron and a tray of gingerbread biscuits slung pendant from hershoulders, who presented them to you for three a penny, and exclaimed,"bless yer little 'art!"
when you paid for them yourself, because mothersaid it was a pity to spoil your lunch.
one _would_ have tobe old to have one's appetite--and a picnic appetite at that!--spoiledby three gingerbread biscuits!
the sail to earley would have been shornof one of its chief joys without these sticky sweets.
the absence ofthe clean, smiling old woman would have been resented as a positivecrime.
the ferry at earley was an old-fashioned affair, sloping over the muddyshore to a little white pay-house with a clanky turnpike on either side.
once past these turnpikes, the visitor found himself in the midst ofthings with delightful suddenness.
a wide green stretch of grass layalong the river bank, bordered by shady trees.
to the right stood astone hotel with gardens of brilliant flower-beds, and an array ofwhite-covered tables dotted down the length of the veranda.
grand andluxurious visitors took their meals in the hotel, but such a possibilityof splendour had never dawned upon the minds of the garnetts or theirfriends--as well might a wayfarer in hyde park think of asking for a cupof tea at buckingham palace!
to-day a young girl stood in the porch ofthe hotel and gazed at the procession as it passed.
she was arrayed ina white serge coat and skirt, and wore a white sailor hat with a blueband.
"exactly like yours!"
said lavender easily, but clemence shookher head in sad denial.
_her_ coat and skirt had been bought ready-madeat a sale, was an inch too short in the waist, and cockled at the seams;her hat was last year's shape, while the girl in the porch hadjust--_the_--very--latest and most perfect specimen of both.
"horrid thing, lunching in hotels in clothes like that!
some peoplehave all the luck!"
said clemence grudgingly, as she moved the heavybasket from one hand to the other to screen it from the gaze of thearistocratic eyes; and the girl in the porch spied it all the same, andsighed to herself wistfully: "they are going picnicking--all those boysand girls!
oh, how lovely to be them.
how i _wish_ i were a bigfamily..." after the manner of the ungrateful people of this world, whoare so much occupied in envying the possessions of others that they haveno time left in which to be thankful for their own!
the woods lay not a hundred yards from the ferry itself--real, natural,untrammelled woods, with grand old trunks standing up tall and straightlike the columns of a cathedral, and dear old gnarled roots which ranalong the ground, covered with lichens and soft green moss.
to youngpeople who spent their lives in one red-brick terrace looking out onanother red-brick terrace across the road, it was like a voyage intofairyland to step within the cool, green shadow of the woods, to smellthe sweet, sharp smell of the earth, and watch the dapplings of sunlightthrough the leaves overhead.
even the boys succumbed to the spell, andfor the first half-hour asked nothing better than to roll about on thegrass, poke in the roots of trees, and speculate concerning rabbit-holesand nests; but the half-hour over, one and all were convinced thatwatches were wrong and they were right in deciding that it was beyondall manner of doubt full time for lunch; so the cloth was spread on alevel piece of turf, and the good things were consumed with thelingering enjoyment which they deserved.
every one felt that, as lunch marked what was perhaps the most enjoyableepoch of the whole day, it was his or her bounden duty to eat slowly andto go on demanding helpings so long as the supply endured; and a certainfeeling of blankness descended when there was no longer any excuse forlingering, inasmuch as nothing remained to be eaten but a dozen jampuffs, which, as mother said, had been _meant_ to be very nice, but hadsomehow failed to achieve success!
the paste, hard enough on top, wasinside of a damp and doughy consistence, and cook had used gooseberryjam for the filling, thereby taking a mean advantage of absence fromhome, when she _knew_ that the family detested gooseberry in tarts, andsteadily plumped for apricot instead.
"we'll give them to the little boy at the ferry.
_he_ won't be soparticular!"
mrs garnett said as she laid the rejected dainties on oneside and proceeded to pack the oddments which had been required for themeal in one small basket, placing layers of paper in those left empty.
the young people looked at each other with raised eyebrows as theywatched these proceedings, the meaning of which they knew only too well.
it was forbidden to gather roots from the woods, but no authority haddreamt of forbidding visitors to carry away _soil_, and this was justwhat mrs garnett invariably insisted upon doing.
the red-brown earth,rich with sweet fragments of leaf and twig, was too tempting to beresisted when she thought of her poor pot-bound plants at home;therefore, instead of swinging homewards with baskets light as air, theboys were doomed to bear even heavier weights than on the outwardjourney.
cried clemence in a deep tone of protest.
remember the walk across the fields.
plenty of time to get soil in theamphitheatre!"
and mrs garnett put down her trowel with quite a guiltyair and resigned herself to wait.
perhaps it would be best ...  mrs vernon and i would like anhour's rest before going on.
what are _you_ going to do now?"
every one waited for every one else, and no suggestion was forthcoming.
the boys were once more beginning to roll about on the grass, poking andpulling at each other in a manner which foretold the beginning of war.
clemence and vie were gazing sentimentally through the branches.
plainhannah, stretched flat along the ground, was barricading the movementsof a tiny beetle, and chuckling over its persistent efforts to outwither schemes.
dan sat with arms clasped around his knees, a picture ofpatience on a monument.
the sight of his twisted lips, his tilted,disconsolate chin fired darsie to action.
it was her doing that he washere at all; it was her duty to make the time pass as agreeably aspossible.
she cried quickly.
we'll each plan anevent, and take them in turns.
dan shall be judge, and the one who getsmost marks shall have a prize."
that was a stumper.
darsie could suggest nothing better than a generalsubscription.
"if we each paid a penny entrance--""oh, be bothered the pennies!
i'll give a prize!"
cried dan loftily.
darsie saw with joy that he had brisked up at the prospect of sports andwas already beginning to cast his eye around in professional manner,taking in the lie of the land, the outstanding features of the position.
as judge and manager he was in his element, and each suggestion of anevent was altered and amended with a lordly superiority.
it is somewhatdifficult to introduce much variety into a programme of impromptusports, but one or two of this afternoon's events had the advantage ofnovelty.
a flower-gathering race, for instance, the object of which wasto see how many varieties of wild flowers each competitor could gatherin a given time, and a roman water-carrier event, which consisted inbalancing the hot-water jug on one's head and seeing how far one couldwalk without spilling its tepid contents over neck and shoulders.
plainhannah was the only one of the girls who took part in this event, and toher joy succeeded in travelling a longer distance than any of the malecompetitors.
the final and most elaborate event was the obstacle race,without which no competition of the kind is ever considered complete,and the united wits of the company were put to work to devise traps fortheir own undoing.
harry discovered two small trees whose trunks grewso close together that it seemed impossible that any human creaturecould squeeze between, and insisted upon it being done as a _sine quanon_.
russell decreed that competitors should travel over a certainroute without touching the ground, swinging themselves from branch tobranch like so many monkeys, and as girls were plainly disqualified forthis feat an alternative test was invented which should score equally totheir credit.
hopping races, races complicated by arithmetical andother such baffling problems, were also devised, and at the last momentdarsie came forward with a thrilling novelty.
"run to the hamper, turn round three times, seize a jam puff, eat it intwo bites, and hop back to the goal!"
cried the judge approvingly, and after that the competitorsmight storm and lament as they would; the event was fixed!
the two mothers had retired from the scene of the fray and with backsresting against two friendly trees were peacefully discoursing onhousehold trials; there was no one to preach concerning indigestion, andthe perils of rapid eating; hot and gasping from their previous trials,the competitors ran, twirled, hopped and gobbled, and finally subsidedin paroxysms of laughter on the mossy bank.
the sports were over; theprize had fallen to russell, as every one had known from the start thatit must inevitably do; he sat snoring with pride, waving aside dan'sinquiries as to the nature of his prize in a gentlemanly manner worthyof his reputation, until the two mothers, becoming conscious that theafternoon was passing away, rose heavily from their seats and announcedthat it was time to start on the second half of the day's expedition.
the three-mile walk lay for three parts of the way through fields, whichto the town-livers afforded a refreshing change from noisy and dustystreets, and when the little village was reached, "our old woman'scottage" was found to be as clean and neat and hospitably attractive asof yore.
it was a tiny whitewashed cottage standing back from the lanein a garden bright with old-fashioned flowers, and the stone-flooredkitchen boasted an old oak dresser and table which were the envy of allbeholders.
"they're always after it!"
our old woman would announce, chuckling.
"titled gentry i've had, driving up in their own carriage, a-coaxing andwheedling so as never was.
`_no_,' i says, `they was my mother's aforeme, and her mother's afore that, and it's a poor tale if i can't havethe pleasure of them while _i_ live!
if it's waluable to you, it'swaluable to me, too.
that's only common sense...'  and what's yourfancy today, lovies?
boiled eggs and buttered toast, same as afore?"
boiled eggs and buttered toast it was, despite the protests of themothers, who thought that really, after such a lunch--!
and after teaour old woman provided buttonholes for each member of the party, andhobbled to the gate to see them off, assuring them, as was her yearlycustom, that "the gamekeepers was getting very crusty of late, but youleave the roots alone and nobody can't say nothing about a few bits offlowers."
that yearly threat of the gamekeeper lent a _soupcon_ ofexcitement to the scramble over the sloping woods, which surrounded asan amphitheatre a deep green meadow through which meandered a tinystream.
at any moment, as it appeared, a stalwart figure in velveteen bearing agun over his shoulder might appear round the trunk of a tree, demandingyour licence or your life.
it was interesting to discuss exactly whatyou would do or say under the circumstances, and the very worst thing inpunishments which could possibly be your fate!
to-day, however, no such interruption took place, and the dear oldplayground looked, if possible, more beautiful than ever.
the groundwas carpeted with buttercups, and when one stood on the top of the steepbanks and looked down on the green and the gold, and caught glimpses ofthe blue sky beyond--well, it was as near an approach to fairyland asone could hope to find within twenty miles of a big manufacturing town.
mrs garnett packed her basket full of the soft, loamy soil; the girlsroamed up and down making up bouquets of wild roses, honeysuckle, andfragrant meadowsweet; the boys were blissfully happy, risking life andlimb in an exciting endeavour to travel from top to bottom of the bankwithout once touching grass.
an occasional tree-trunk was permitted asa foothold, otherwise you swung yourself from one branch to another, ortook flying leaps into space, and trusted to fate to catch hold ofsomething before you fell.
russell's hairbreadth escapes would have terrified his mother had shebeen there to see, but the boys were wise in their generation and hadquietly worked their way round to the opposite bank before beginningtheir experiments.
it took a considerable time to call them back andrally forces in time to catch the eight o'clock train, and it was adishevelled and by no means aristocratic-looking party which climbedover the high stone stile leading into the high-road.
it seemed hard luck that this last mile, when every one was feelingtired and a trifle flat, should have to be traversed along a dusty,uninteresting road, and the straggly line grew even farther and fartherapart as the distance to the station decreased.
dan led the way,walking in the middle of the road, his head flung back with the oldproud air of detachment.
the two mothers plodded steadily in the rear.
russell, scratched and dusty, and looking more like a street arab than ayouth renowned for gentlemanly demeanour, scuffled in the gutter,kicking up the gathered dust which enveloped him as in a cloud; harryand john bore the big hamper slung on a stick, the ends of which theyfrequently released for the purpose of straightening their backs andrubbing their tired hands.
plain hannah limped on the sideway, beingafflicted with corns which, as she expressed it, always "came on" at theend of a day's pleasuring.
vie and clemence, arm-in-arm, were deep insentimental conclave.
darsie, the last of the line, hung back of intentuntil a curve in the road hid the others from sight.
a shadow ofmelancholy had descended upon her spirit during the last hour; that fearof "the last time" which at times makes cowards of us all, was strongupon her; the possibility of separation suddenly became a terror whichgripped her breath and left her faint and weak.
the dear delights of the sea.
could she--couldshe _bear_ to give them up?
darsie whimpered miserably, and stoppedshort in the middle of the road to pull out her handkerchief, and wipe athreatening tear.
she really did not think she could, and yet every oneseemed to take it for granted that aunt maria's choice would fall uponherself.
was there nothing, nothing that she could do to lessen theprobability?
nothing to make herself look ugly, unattractive, unsuitedfor the post of lady's companion?
a stranger walking along the high-road at this moment would have beenamused to see a pretty, disconsolate-looking young girl deliberatelytwisting her features into one grimace after another, and criticallyexamining the effect in the back of a small silver watch.
every newgrimace necessitated a pause for inspection, so that the distancebetween darsie and her companions increased more and more, until onturning the next corner of the winding road she was surprised to find noone in sight--surprised and a trifle startled, for the early dusk wasalready casting its shadow over the landscape, and the solitude of acountry road has in it something eerie to a lifelong dweller in towns.
darsie forgot her grimaces and set off at a trot to make up lost ground,and even as she ran a sound came from afar which quickened the trot intoa run--the scream of an engine!
the engine of the approaching trainwhich was to bear the picnickers back to town.
the next turn of the road showed that the rest of the party had takenalarm also, for the flying figures of vie and clemence could be seendisappearing in the distance, evidently following hastily after those infront.
"they'll catch it--they'll rush down the steps just as it's going tostart, bundle in anyhow, into different carriages--never miss me--gooff, never know i'm not there till they get out!"
these thoughts rushedthrough darsie's head as she ran gaspingly along the dusty road.
it wasimperative that she must catch up to her friends--to be left behind,without a penny in her pocket to buy a ticket, would be too awful forwords.
the shriek of the engine had given place to a repeated snortwhich was momentarily growing slower and less pronounced; the train wasslackening speed before drawing up at the platform.
one rush to reach the goal!
darsie set her teeth andput on a last desperate spurt, caught her foot on an outstanding stoneof the roadway, and fell heavily to the ground.
there were no bones broken; she was not seriously hurt; but one has totry for oneself the experiment of running at full tilt, and while sodoing to pitch forward at full length on the ground, to realise howextremely disagreeable and disconcerting it can be.
darsie draggedherself slowly to a sitting position, and sat dazed and stupefied, aforlorn, dust-encrusted figure, with hat tilted rakishly on one side,and the palm of her right hand scratched to bleeding where it haddragged along the stony ground.
she blinked and stared, andmechanically brushed at her blackened skirts, but it was several momentsbefore remembrance of her position returned to her brain, and with itthe realisation of the consequences of delay.
she scrambled to herfeet, ran forward for a few paces, and stopped short with a sharp groanof pain.
she had bruised her knees as well as her hand, and the rapidmovement was quite startlingly painful; she fell into a limp, strainingher head upwards to peep over the hedgerow at the road beyond.
andthen, clear and distinct after the interval of silence, came anothersharp whistle, another laborious puff, puff, puff.
the train was leaving the station, and she was left behind!
darsie stopped short, and leaned against the hedge.
there was no longerany need to hurry.
either her absence had been discovered or it hadnot, and a few minutes' time would settle that question once for all.
it soothed her to pretend that there was a chance that she might findsome one waiting her arrival on the platform, but at the bottom of herheart she had little hope of such a possibility.
as members of a largefamily whose parents were not rich enough to pay for the modern plethoraof nurses and governesses, the garnetts and vernons had been brought upto be independent, and to fend for themselves, hence the two motherswould not be so anxious to count the number of their brood, to see thateach member was safe and sound, as would have been the parents ofsmaller, more indulged families.
there would be a rush for tickets, a hurried glance around on emergingfrom the office, the signal of waving hands, and bobbing heads from halfa dozen windows, a quick leap into the nearest seats, and off they wouldall steam, panting and puffing, congratulating themselves on theirescape.
no, darsie told herself, it was stupid to pretend; certainly, quitecertainly she was left behind; nevertheless, when two or three minuteslater she reached the top of the railway bridge and peered over thestone wall, it was with quite a big pang of dismay that she beheld theempty platform.
not a soul!
not a single soul except a cross-lookingporter sitting astride a barrow, with his hands thrust into his trouserspockets.
anything less promising in the shape of a forlorn hope it would bedifficult to imagine, but the circumstances offered no alternative.
darsie took her courage in both hands and marched boldly towards him.
"please will you tell me the time of the next train from town?"
the porter rolled his eye sideways, surveyed her up and down, formed anevidently poor opinion, and without a change of position muttered a curtreply--"ten-thirty."
dismay at the lateness of the hour struggled with woundedpride at the man's lack of respect.
half-past ten before any one couldcome to the rescue; three long hours of chill and darkness, with no oneto speak to, and nowhere to go!
darsie threw the thought aside with theimpetuous incredulity of youth.
"when's the next train to town?"
that was better!
if she could manage to travel by that trainshe would arrive at the terminus in abundance of time to prevent any onestarting by the next stopping train.
it was all easy--perfectly easy,except for the want of a miserable eightpence, but, alas!
for the momenteightpence seemed as inaccessible as eighty pounds.
darsie bent ascrutinising glance upon the porter's downcast face.
"he looks about asdisagreeable as he can be, but he's a human creature; he must have_some_ heart!
perhaps he's in trouble, too, and it's soured hisdisposition.
it would mine!
i just _hate_ it when things go wrong.
idon't in the least see why i shouldn't have a ticket on account!
i'llsee what i can do."
she coughed and ventured tentatively--"i missed the last train."
said the porter coldly.
it was not a question; there was noflicker of the interest of a question in his voice, only a drearyindifference which seemed to demand what in the world you were thinkingof to trouble him about a stupidity which had happened twenty times aday throughout twenty years of his service on the line.
darsie drewherself up with a feeling of affront.
he was a rude, ill-mannered man,who ought to be taught how to speak to ladies in distress.
she wouldask her father to complain to the railway!
what were porters paid for but to make themselves useful to passengers?
she drew herself up in haughty fashion, then as suddenly collapsed asher eye rested on her dusty boots and blackened, bloodstained skirt.
ridiculous to act the grand lady with such handicaps as these!
she drewa sharp breath, and said in a voice of childlike appeal--"i'm left behind!
my friends have gone on.
it's very awkward!"
asked the porter indifferently.
he took one hand out of hispocket and pointed woodenly to the right.
"waiting-room first door.
yecan sit there!"
of all the callous, cold-blooded--!
darsie turned with a swing andmarched forward into the bleak little cell which had the audacity tocall itself a first-class waiting-room, seated herself on a leather-covered bench which seemed just the most inhospitable thing in the wayof furniture which the mind of man could conceive, and gave herself upto thought.
never, never so long as she lived would she ever againleave home without some money in her pocket!
how in the name of allthat was mysterious could she contrive to possess herself of eightpencewithin the next hour?
"our old woman" would lend it with pleasure, butdarsie shrank from the idea of the darkening country road with the dreadof the town-dweller who in imagination sees a tramp lurking behind everybush.
no, this first and most obvious suggestion must be put on oneside, and even if she could have humbled herself to beg from the porter,darsie felt an absolute conviction that he would refuse.
at the fartherside of the station there stretched a small straggling village.
surelysomehow in that village--!
with a sudden inspiration darsie leaped toher feet and approached the porter once more.
into her mind had dartedthe remembrance of the manner in which poor people in books possessedthemselves of money in critical moments of their history.
"porter, will you please tell me the way to the nearest pawnshop?"
now, indeed, if she had wished to rouse the porter toanimation, she had succeeded beyond her wildest dreams!
he spun round,and gaped at her with a stupefaction of surprise.
"pawnshop, did yesay?
what do _you_ want with a pawnshop, a slip of a girl likeyou?"
"that's my business!"
returned darsie loftily.
since he had been sounsympathetic and rude, she was certainly not going to satisfy hiscuriosity.
her dear little watch would provide her with money, andsomehow--she didn't understand why--pawnbrokers gave things back afterpaying for them, in the most amiable and engaging of fashions.
"that's my business!
if you would kindly direct me--""we haven't got no pawnshop," said the porter gruffly.
he stared at herslowly up and down, down and up, appeared to awake to a suspiciousinterest, and opined gruffly, "you'd better go 'ome!"
"just what i'm trying to do," sighed poor darsie to herself.
she turnedand went slowly back to her leather seat, and a second disconsolatereview of the situation.
in time to come this experience would rank asan adventure, and became an oft-told tale.
she would chill herlisteners with hints of the tramp, evoke shrieks of laughter at herimitation of the porter.
darsie realised the fact, but for the momentit left her cold.
summer evenings have a trick of turning chill anddamp after the sun is set, and the vault-like waiting-room was drearyenough to damp the highest spirits.
_how was she going to obtain thateightpence for a ticket_?
the station clock struck nine; the porter took a turn along the platformand peered curiously through the dusty window; a luggage train rattledslowly past, an express whizzed by with thunderous din.
the stationclock struck the quarter, and still the problem was as far as ever fromsolution.
"well," sighed darsie miserably, "i must just wait.
i'm perished withcold already.
in two more hours i shall be frozen.
rheumatic fever, isuppose, or galloping decline.
it will settle aunt maria, that's _one_good thing!
but it's hard all the same, in the flower of my youth!
tothink of all that a human creature can suffer for the sake of amiserable eightpence!"
she got up stiffly and pressed her face against the pane.
people werebeginning to assemble for the nine-ten.
an old man with a satchel oftools, two old women with baskets.
"the poor are always generous to thepoor.
suppose i ask them?
twopence three farthings each would not killthem!"
but when one is not used to begging, it is extraordinary howdifficult it is to begin.
darsie tried to think of the words in whichshe would proffer her request, and blushed in discomfort.
of the two disagreeables it really seemed easier to shivertwo hours, and retain one's pride intact, and then, suddenly, the doorof the waiting-room opened with a bang, and dan's heavy figure stood onthe threshold!
the cry of delight, of breathless incredulity with whichdarsie leaped to her feet, must have been heard to the end of theplatform.
she rushed forward, clutched his arm, and hugged it fast inthe rapture of relief.
"oh, dan--you angel--you angel!
have you dropped down straight from theskies?"
nothing so easy.
scorched along bad roads on a ricketymachine.
would you be kind enough to let go my arm and stop shrieking!
you'll have the whole village here in a moment.
so _you're_ all right,i see!
sitting quietly here, after scaring us half out of our wits--""i think _i'm_ the one to be scared!
you were all ready enough to goon, and leave me stranded by myself.
i've gone through a martyrdom.
tell me, when did you miss me first?"
dan gave an expressive grimace.
he looked hot and dusty, and thankfulto sit down on the leather bench.
"well, it was too much of a scrimmage to think of anything for the firstfew miles, but things have a way of printing themselves on one's brain,and when i _did_ begin to think, there seemed something missing!
iremembered vie's face--the colour of a beetroot, and clemence limping inthe rear.
i remembered john and russell hauling up hannah by her arms,and the two mothers were safely in their carriage--i'd made sure ofthat, but--i couldn't remember a thing about _you_!
then i asked vie,and she said you were a long way behind, and i began to guess what hadhappened.
at the first stop i did a rush round, and--there you weren't!
so of course i came back."
there was no train.
did you cycle?
where did you getyour machine?"
"borrowed him from the stationmaster, and left my watch in exchange, incase i never went back.
jolly good exchange for him, too.
it's theworst machine i ever rode, and that's saying a good deal.
i told yourmother i'd bring you back all right, and persuaded her to go home.
whaton earth possessed you to be such a muff?"
darsie tossed her head, gratitude giving place to wounded pride.
you don't know what you are talking about, or youwouldn't be so unkind.
i ran like the rest, but i fell--caught my footon something, and fell on my face.
i believe i fainted."
there was anirrepressible note of pride in her voice as she made this laststatement, for fainting, being unknown in the healthy garnett family,was regarded as a most interesting and aristocratic accomplishment.
"ido believe i fainted, for for several minutes i didn't know where i was.
and i hurt myself, too; look at my hand!"
dan looked and whistled.
"skinned it properly, haven't you!
reminds me of the days of my youth.
better sponge it clean with your handkerchief and some of that water.
and when you _did_ remember, the train had gone--."
"yes--and not another until after ten, and not a halfpenny in my pocketto buy a ticket, and no one but a callous wretch of a porter to consult.
oh, dan, i _was_ wretched--i'll bless you all my life for coming backlike this!"
said dan briskly.
"i was the only man.
couldn't do anythingelse.
i say, you know, it was your doing that i came to this blessedold picnic at all, and you _have_ let me in for a day!
eleven to elevenbefore we've done with it--twelve solid hours!
i've had about as muchpicnic as i want for the rest of my natural life."
i thought it would be so nice.
i'm sorry i bothered you,dan."
darsie was tired and cold, in a condition of physical depressionwhich made her peculiarly sensitive to a slighting mood.
she leaned herhead against the ugly wall, and shut her lids over her smarting eyes.
her cheeks were white.
her lips quivered like a wearied child's, butshe made a charming picture all the same, her inherent picturesquenessshowing itself even in this moment of collapse.
dan's gaze grew first sympathetic, then thoughtful, as he looked.
in adim, abstract way he had been conscious that darsie garnett was what hewould have described as "a pretty kid," but the charm of her personalityhad never appealed to him until this moment.
now, as he looked at thedark eyelashes resting on the white cheek, the droop of the curved redlips, the long, slim throat that seemed to-night almost too frail tosupport the golden head, a feeling of tenderness stirred at his heart.
she was such a tiny scrap of a thing, and she had been tired andfrightened.
what a brute he was to be so gruff and ungracious!
only ten minutes more to wait.
i'll get you a cup ofcoffee when we arrive.
your mother said we were to take a cab, so allthe worry's over and nothing but luxury ahead."
but darsie, quick to note the soothing effect of her prostration,refused to "buck up," and looked only more worn and pathetic thanbefore.
the opportunity of lording it over dan was too precious to beneglected, so she blinked at him with languid eyes, and said faintly--"i'll try, but i'm so _very_ tired!
do you think you could talk to me,dan, and amuse me a little bit?
that would pass the time.
tell meabout yourself, and all you are going to do when you go up tocambridge."
and to his own astonishment dan found himself responding to her request.
his was one of the silent, reserved natures which find it difficult tospeak of the subjects which lie nearest to the heart, but even silentpeople have their moments of expansion, and when once dan had broken theice, he found it unexpectedly easy to talk, with darsie's big eyes fixedon his in eloquent understanding.
she was a capital little listener;never interrupted at the wrong moment, indulged in senselessejaculations, or fidgety, irritating movement.
nothing about her moved,hardly even the blue eyes, so fixed and absorbed was their gaze, whiledan spoke in low, rapid tones of the course of work which lay ahead, ofthe ambitions and dreams which were to crown his efforts.
he must takefirst-class honours at cambridge; nothing less than first-class honourswould do--honours so distinguished that he would have no difficulty inobtaining a good post as schoolmaster to tide him over the next fewyears.
"teaching's the thing for me--for it leaves four months over formy own work, the real work of my life--scientific study and research!
that's the only thing worth living for from my point of view, and ishall plump for that.
i don't care for money, i don't want to marry,i'd be content to make enough to keep body and soul together, if i couldonly help on the cause of humanity.
i am not going up to cambridge fortwo years.
i can do better grinding quietly at home, and the governordoesn't mind.
in fact, he is just as well pleased to think i shall havemore time to run when hannah goes up to newnham."
darsie drew her breath sharply.
how fortunate you are--how fortunate hannah is, to be able todo as you like!
i would give my ears to go up to newnham, too, butfather says it's impossible.
he can't afford it with the boys'education getting more expensive every year.
i shall have to stay athome, and turn into a miserable morning governess, teaching wretchedlittle kids to read, and taking them for a walk round the park.
it makes me _ill_ to think about it."
dan laughed shortly.
it makes you well.
you look quite like yourself again.
i'll give you a bit of advice if you like: don't believe that anything'simpossible in this world, because it isn't!
put the nursery governessidea out of your mind, and fire ahead for newnham.
there's always thechance of a scholarship, and even if that didn't come off, who can tellwhat may happen in three years' time?
the way may clear in a dozenways; it probably _will_ clear, if you get ready yourself.
there areprecious few things one can't gain by steady slogging ahead."
darsie looked at him with a kindling glance, her lips set, a spot of redshowed on either cheek.
she said briefly, and at that moment the train steamed into thestation and the conference was at an end.
aunt maria arrived on tuesday night, bringing "my woman" in attendance.
she was more like a parrot than ever, for her face had grown narrower,her nose bigger, and the roundness of her eyes was accentuated by gold-rimmed spectacles.
when a richly coloured paisley shawl was drawntightly over her sloping shoulders the resemblance was positivelystartling to behold, and the terrors of an eight-weeks visit loomedlarger than ever before the minds of the garnett sisters.
the extraordinary thing was that aunt maria seemed to take no notice ofthe girls, whom, as everybody was aware, she had come to inspect.
shetalked to father, she talked to mother, she cross-questioned the boys asto their progress at school and expressed regret that they had not donebetter; she displayed an intelligent interest in the neighbours, theservants, and the new dining-room rug, but for the three daughters ofthe house she had not a word, hardly, it was believed, a glance.
in the presence of such utter indifference it was impossible to keep upthe various roles which each girl had privately practised with the viewof concealing her charms and diverting aunt maria's attention fromherself.
clemence had decided that rounded shoulders and a lurchinggait were defects which at seventeen threatened a painful permanence,and had therefore lurched persistently throughout the first evening,since which time she had slowly but steadily recovered her natural gait.
after long practice before the mirror darsie had decided that an openmouth and falling under-jaw could work marvels in the way of stupidityof expression, and had nerved herself to sit agape for the period offorty-eight hours.
lavender had decided to sulk.
"every one hatessulks!
it would be better to live alone on a desert island than with aperson who sulks.
i'll sulk, and she won't be paid to have me!"
so onesister had sulked and the other gaped the whole of that first longevening, and then, becoming increasingly freed from their fears, beganto smile secretly across the table, to nod and to nudge, to telegraphmessages in the silent but eloquent fashions to which members of a largefamily resort when visitors are present and talking is not allowed.
andaunt maria munched her food, and wrapped the paisley shawl more closelyround her shoulders, and cast not a glance to right or left!
a blissfulpossibility was broached that she had changed her mind, and did notdesire a visitor after all.
wednesday and thursday passed in increasing calm, but on friday morningcertain alarming symptoms became visible.
mrs garnett came tobreakfast with unmistakable signs of agitation upon her face.
mrgarnett was silent and distrait, hid behind his newspaper, and answeredat random the remarks of his family.
late arrivals were allowed to passwithout reproach, and tim's raids upon the marmalade received no furtherprotest than a flickering smile.
the die was cast!
the girls knew it without a word; in a stupor ofmisery they sat, ears cocked, hearts in their boots, waiting for a signwhich should betray the truth, and decide once for all the identity ofthe victim.
it came at last, towards the end of the meal, in the midst of a ghastlysilence.
"darsie, darling," said mrs garnett fondly, "won't you have some morecoffee?"
never were mrs garnett's north-country lips known to usethat term except under stress of the most poignant emotion.
to be"darling" one was compelled to be very ill, very sad, angelicallyrepentant, or in an extremity of fear, and darsie, who this morning wasnot afflicted in any one of these three ways, realised in a flash theawful significance of the term.
she sat white and silent, too dazed forspeech, and to do them justice clemence and lavender looked almost asperturbed as herself, relief on their own account being eclipsed for themoment by a realisation of the loss which the holiday party was about tosustain.
with a sudden and uninvited humility each sister mentallyacknowledged that for the general good of the family it would have beenbetter had the choice fallen upon herself!
darsie braced her feet against a leg of the table, and struggled with alump in her throat.
she never wanted to drink any more coffeeso long as she lived!
the sight, the smell of it would be for everassociated with this ghastly moment.
she turned big, woeful eyes on hermother's face and stammered a breathless inquiry:"mother, you have something to say!
please say it.
don't break it tome, please; it's worse to wait.
say it bang out!"
"oh, darsie, darling; yes, darling, it _is_ as you suppose!
aunt mariahas chosen you.
she wants you to start with her on saturday morning,but if it's too soon--if you would rather stay over sunday, i willarrange..."darsie bit her lips in the desperate resolve not to cry, but to carryoff the situation with a high air.
"if i'm to go at all, i'd rather go at once, and get it over.
there'snothing to be gained by delay.
`better to die by sudden shock thanperish piecemeal on the rock.'"
"but you will want to say goodbye to your friends, dear; you will havelittle arrangements to make..."  mrs garnett was all nervousness andanxiety to appease, but after the manner of victims darsie felt aperverse satisfaction in rejecting overtures, even when by so doing shedoubly punished herself.
"i don't mean to say goodbye.
i don't wish to see any one before i go.
i hate scenes."
just as you please, dear.
after all, it is for a veryshort time.
eight weeks will soon pass."
every youthful face at the table was set in an eloquentdeclaration that eight weeks was an eternity, a waste, a desert ofspace.
mr garnett put down his newspaper and hurriedly left the room.
he had the usual male horror of scenes, and, moreover, darsie was hisspecial pet, and his own nerves were on edge at the thought of thecoming separation.
if the child cried or appealed to him forprotection, he would not like to say what he might do.
flight appearedto be his safest course, but darsie felt a pang of disappointment andwounded love at this desertion of her cause, and the smart did not helpto improve her temper.
"aunt maria wishes to see you, dear, as soon as you have finished yourbreakfast," continued mrs garnett, elaborately conciliatory.
"fatherand i are very grateful to her for her interest in you, but you know,dear, how we feel about losing you, how we sympathise with yourdisappointment!
we are convinced that in the end this chance will befor your benefit; but in the meantime it is very hard.
we are sorry foryou, dear."
"and i," declared darsie coldly, "am sorry for aunt maria!"
she pushed back her chair and stalked out of the room, while herbrothers and sisters stared after her agape.
along the narrow oil-clothed hall she went, up the steep, narrow staircase to the littlethird-floor bedroom, the only place on earth which was her very own.
there was nothing luxurious about it, nothing of any intrinsic value orbeauty, but in the eyes of its occupant every separate article was apearl of price.
all her treasures were here--her pictures, herornaments, her books, mementoes of journeyings, offerings of friends.
it was a shrine, a refuge from the cold outer world.
alone in "my room"one lost the insignificance of a member of a large family, and became aresponsible human being face to face with personal trials andresponsibilities...eight weeks out of a life!
to the adult mind a sacrifice of so short aperiod may be a disappointment, but can hardly be deemed a trial; toschoolgirl fifteen it may seem a catastrophe which clouds the wholehorizon.
to darsie garnett the change of plan was the first real sorrowof her life, and these moments of reflection were full of a suffocatingmisery.
anticipated joys rose before her with intolerable distinctness.
she saw her companions happily at play, and felt a stabbing dart ofjealousy.
yes, they would forget all about her and feel no loss fromher absence!
clemence and vie would enjoy their _tete-a-tete_, would beunwilling to admit a third into their conferences at her return.
danwould take them for boating and fishing expeditions.
dan would grow tolike clemence better than herself!
darsie gave a little sob of miseryat the thought.
she had no sentimental feelings as regards dan, or anyone else at this period of her life, but as the one _big_ boy, almostman, of her acquaintance dan stood on a pedestal by himself as a loftyand superior being, whose favour was one of the prizes of life.
thatdan should become more intimate, more friendly with clemence andlavender than with herself was a possibility fraught with dismay.
darsie sobbed again, but her eyes were dry; she was angry, too angry tocry; her heart was seething with rebellion.
some one knocked at thedoor and received no answer, knocked again and was curtly ordered to "goaway"; then mr garnett's voice spoke, in gentle and conciliatorytones--"it's father!
let me in, dear; i've just a minute..."it was impossible to refuse such a request.
darsie opened the door, andthere he stood, tall and thin, with the embarrassed _boy_ look upon hisface which always made him seem especially near to his children.
it wasthe look he wore when they were in trouble and he essayed to lecture andadvise, and it seemed to say, "i've been there myself; i understand!
now it's my part to play the heavy father, but _i'm not nearly so muchshocked as i pretend_!"
to-day his manner was frankly commiserating.
"well, kiddie, dear!
i was running off to town like a coward, but atthe last moment i was obliged to come up for a word.
it's hard linesfor you, dear, and i want you to know that it's hard lines for me, too!
the country won't be half so jolly as if we'd all been together.
i'llmiss you _badly_, little lass!"
_don't_ make me howl!"
pleaded darsie hastily,the tight feeling about her eyes and lips giving place to an alarmingweepiness at the sound of the tender words.
"if you really care,father, couldn't you--couldn't you possibly refuse?"
mr garnett shook his head.
we talked it over, mother and i, and agreed thatit must be done.
it's a duty, dear, and we can't shelve duties in thislife.
i'm sorry for you in your disappointment, and only wish i couldhelp, but in this matter no one can help but yourself.
you can do a lotif you try.
shall i tell you, darsie, how you could get over yourregret, and turn your visit to arden into something far more agreeablethan you can now imagine?"
darsie cocked an eye at him, suspicious and hesitating.
he was going topreach!
she knew the symptoms of old, and by way of counter-action puton her most dour and sullen expression.
"very well, then, here it is!
turn your back on the might-have-been,and try with all your might to like what _is_!
aunt maria will, i know,be all that is kind and indulgent--in her own way!
it won't be _your_way, however, and that's the rub.
if you begin your visit in a spiritof irritation, i'm afraid you are going to have a pretty poor time, butif you try to enjoy every little thing that comes along out of whichenjoyment can be squeezed and to _laugh_ at the rest, to laugh insteadof to cry--well, it's astonishing how the scene will change!
do youthink you could try?"
darsie pouted, sulky and unconvinced.
"were _you_ resigned when youwere fifteen?"
"no, my lassie!
i wasn't, indeed.
very far from it, i'm sorry to say.
but when one has travelled on for many years and come many a cropper onthe way one _does_ long to show one's children the short cuts!
that's_one_ short cut.
darsie; i wish you'd take it, and avoid the falls.
ifyou can't have what you like, try to like what you have.
expect good,not evil.
say to yourself every morning: `this is going to be a goodday, a happy day, one of the happiest days of my life,' and then you arehalf-way towards making it so.
poor little kiddie!
it sounds hard, buttry it--try it--and occasionally, just for a change, forget that you aredarsie garnett for five minutes or so at a time, and pretend insteadthat you are maria hayes!
pretend that you are old and lonely andailing in health, and that there's a young girl staying with you fromwhom you are hoping to enjoy some brightness and variety!
theother morning in church you were beside me when we were singing `fightthe good fight!'
you sang it heartily, darsie; i enjoyed yoursinging.--i thought you looked as if you really meant the words.
well,here's the battlefield for you, dear!
are you going to play coward?
idon't believe it.
i think better of my girl!"
he laid his hand on her shoulder with a caressing touch.
darsiewriggled and screwed up her little nose in eloquent grimace, but whenthe hand crept up to her chin she lifted her face for the farewell kiss,and even volunteered an extra one on her own account on the dear, thincheek.
mr garnett smiled contentedly to himself as he descended the staircase.
darsie had made no promises, but he was satisfied that his words hadnot been in vain.
and darsie, left alone in her room, fellinstinctively to repeating the words of the grand old hymn--  "run the straight race through god's good grace,  lift up thine eyes, and seek his face..."a little sob punctuated the lines.
to the blind eyes of earth thestraight race appeared so very very crooked!
darsie left home on the following thursday, and in company with auntmaria and "my woman" took train for arden, in buckinghamshire.
thejourney was a nightmare, for lady hayes disliked travelling, and was ina condition of nervousness, which made her acutely susceptible to thedoings of her companions.
within an hour of starting darsie had beenadmonished not to sit facing the engine because of the draught, not tolook out of the window in case she got a cinder in her eye, not to readin case she strained her eyes, not to rub her fingers on the pane, notto cross her knees because it was unladylike, not to shout, not tomumble, not to say "what?"
not to yawn without putting her finger overher mouth, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera.
being called to account so frequently was an exhausting process, anddarsie felt a thrill of joy at the announcement of lunch.
a meal in atrain would be a novel and exciting experience which would go fartowards making up for the dullness of the preceding hour, but alas!
aunt maria refused with scorn to partake of food, cooked goodness knewhow, by goodness knew whom, and had supplied herself with a few plasmonbiscuits, the which she handed round with the information that theycontained more nourishment than ounces of beefsteak.
they were verydull and very dry, however, and darsie managed to get a crumb down thewrong way, and coughed continuously for the next hour in a tickling,aggravating manner, while aunt maria reiterated, "really, my dear!
and seemed to consider herself personally aggrieved.
when arden was reached the position improved, for stationmaster andporters alike flew to hover round the great lady of the neighbourhood,and darsie sunned herself in the novel consciousness of importance.
outside the station a cart was waiting for luggage, and a large, old-fashioned barouche with two fat brown horses, and with two brown-liveried servants upon the box.
the village children bobbed curtsies asthe carriage bowled through the village street, and darsie smiledbenignly and bent her yellow head in gracious acknowledgment.
as nieceand guest of the lady of the towers, these greetings were surely partlyintended for herself.
she felt an exhilarating glow of complacence, anddetermined to describe the scene to vie vernon on the earliest possibleopportunity.
the towers was a large, very ugly, stucco house, surrounded by abeautiful rolling park.
inside, the rooms were huge and square, and oneand all characterised by a depressing pitch of orderliness, which madeit almost impossible to believe that they could be used as ordinaryhuman habitations!
darsie was escorted to a bedroom with ponderous mahogany furniture, socomplete a contrast from her own shabby, cheery little den that thesight of it added the final touch to her depression.
she refreshedherself by a long splash in hot water, brushed out her tangled mane, puton her sunday dress, and descended in state to partake of dinner, whichwas served an hour earlier than usual in consideration of thetravellers' hunger and fatigue.
despite her weariness and nervous exhaustion, lady hayes had made whatappeared to darsie's unsophisticated eyes a magnificent toilette for themeal, and she eyed the sunday frock with a criticism which was anythingbut approving.
"but it's the best i've got, except the party one, and ican't wear that for one old lady," said darsie to herself as shefollowed meekly behind the _moire antique_ train, and seated herself atthe end of the dining-table.
two men-servants stood at attention--two!
one for each diner, solemn, immovable-looking creatures who seemed tomove on wheels and who kept their eyes glued upon every mouthful youate, ready to pounce upon your plate and nip it swiftly and noiselesslyaway.
they were stricken with dumbness also, if you were to trust theevidence of your senses, but had certainly ears, and could drink inevery word you said.
for the rest, it might be soothing to one's pride to live in a bigcountry house, but it was certainly abnormally dull.
the day'sprogramme never varied by a hair's breadth, and aunt maria, though kind,possessed the failing of all others most trying to the youthful mind.
she fussed about clothes, she fussed about food, shefussed about draughts, she fussed about manners, deportment, speech, theway you sat down, the way you got up, the way you laughed, yawned,sneezed, crossed the room, and did your hair.
from morning to night,"my dear, _don't_!"
or "my dear, _do_!"
rang in darsie's ears, till shewas almost beside herself with irritation.
honestly and laboriously she tried to practise her father's advice: toput the thought of the seaside party aside, make the most of the goodpoints of her own position, and "fight the good fight," but the effortseemed to exhaust her physically, as well as mentally, until by the endof the day she looked white and drooping, pathetically unlike hernatural glowing self.
aunt maria noticed the change, and fussed aboutthat, too, but with an underlying tenderness that was upsetting to thegirl's strained nerves.
"you look very tired to-night, my dear!
are you not well?
is thereanything the matter?"
"quite well, thank you.
replied darsie, with a plaintiveaccent on that last word which brought lady hayes's glance upon her inquick inquiry--"lonely!
but, my dear, you haven't been a minute alone all day long."
"no," agreed darsie meekly, and said no more, but the littlemonosyllable was more eloquent than any disclaimer.
lady hayes flushed,and knitted her brows in thought.
"i must ask some young people to meet you.
i have some nice youngfriends living about a mile away.
they are visiting at present, butwill soon be home.
i will write.
naturally you miss the youngsociety."
she was so kind, so considerate, that it seemed mean to feel bored andimpatient; but, oh dear, how long the days _did_ seem, how dull andmonotonous the morning drive, the afternoon needlework, the evening gameof patience or bezique.
the climax came one rainy afternoon when the ordinary two-hours drivecould not take place, and the hostess and her young guest had spent mostof the day together in the library.
now it is trying for an old lady aswell as for a young one to be deprived of the usual exercise, and ifdarsie's impatience and rebelliousness of spirit were more acute thanusual, lady hayes was also more nervous and exacting.
in this instancethe weight of the old lady's displeasure seemed to fall upon darsie'sunfortunate coiffure.
whatever turn the conversation might take, itreturned with relentless certainty to "your hair, my dear!
when _i_ wasyoung, young girls wore their hair neatly braided.
i intensely dislikeall this purring and elaboration.
you would look a different girl ifyou brushed it smoothly."
"i should," agreed darsie coolly.
"i should look a sight.
_my_pompadour is the best pompadour in my class.
the girls all say so.
they ask me how i do it.
i've taught lots of them to do their own."
"i'm sorry to hear it.
time enough when you come out to wear`pompadours,' as you call them.
and your bow!
if itwere neat and small--""they wear them twice as big in america.
and in france.
i would, too, if i could afford.
it's the fashion, aunt maria.
everyone wears them big."
"surely that is all the more reason why a sensible girl should set agood example by being neat and moderate herself!
i don't approve ofhair being allowed to grow long at your age, but if it _is_ long, itought certainly to be kept in bounds.
yours is hanging all over yourshoulders at this moment.
i am speaking for your owngood."
there was a moment's chilly silence, then darsie asked in a tone ofextraordinary politeness--"just exactly _how_ would you do my hair, aunt maria, if you were in myplace to-day?"
lady hayes straightened herself briskly.
"i should _brush_ it," shesaid emphatically.
"it is naturally curly, no doubt, but i cannotbelieve that a good brushing would not reduce it to order!
i shoulddamp it and brush it well, and then tie it back so that it would nothang loose over your shoulders like a mane.
it would be pleasant to seewhat a difference it would make.
a neat head is one of the things whichevery young gentlewoman should strive to possess."
darsie folded her needlework, put it neatly away in her bag, and, risingfrom her seat, marched slowly from the room.
it was nearing the hourfor tea, when she usually went upstairs to wash and tidy-up generally,so that there was nothing unusual in her departure; it was only when shewas safe inside her room that the extraordinary nature of to-day'spreparations was revealed.
she took off the lace collar and pretty bead necklace which gave an airof lightness to her plain dark dress, wrapped a dressing-jacket roundher shoulders, and dipped her head deep into a basin of water.
thenwith a comb the _wet_ hair was parted accurately in the centre, andbrushed to the ears till it had the air of being painted rather thanreal, so smooth and plastered was the effect.
the ends, plaited withmerciless tightness, were looped together with a fragment of a brokenshoelace, so tightly that from the front no sign of their presence couldbe suspected.
when all was finished and the dressing-jacket thrownaside the effect was positively startling to behold.
it did not seempossible to believe that this prim, demure damsel could be the samebrilliant-looking creature who had entered the room but ten minutesbefore, and darsie herself was half-shocked, half-triumphant at thecompleteness of the transformation.
"'spose i had a fever and lost my hair!
how simply awful!"
she said toherself in terror.
"if they could see me at home, they'd never call mepretty again.
i think even aunt maria will jump!"
she skipped with delight at the possibility, and the gesture seemed sosingularly out of keeping with her appearance that she laughed again,restored to good temper by the delightful experience of taking part in aprank once more.
ten minutes later, accurately at the moment when the tea equipage wouldbe in course of arrangement in the drawing-room, darsie composed herface into a "prunes and prism" decorum, and slipped noiselessly into theroom.
to a certain extent all was as she had expected.
mason stoodmajestically over the tea-table; james, his satellite, approached with atray of cakes and sandwiches; aunt maria sat waiting in her high-backedchair--so far all was just as she had planned; what she was allunprepared for, however, was the presence of three youthful visitors,two girls and a youth, who sat facing the door, staring at her instunned dismay.
by all that was ill-timed and embarrassing, thepercivals themselves, returned from their visit, choosing a wetafternoon to drive over and pay their respects to lady hayes's youngguest!
sheer horror of the situation took away darsie's breath; shestood stock still in the middle of the floor, felt her lips gape apart,the crimson rush to her face, saw in a mental flash a vision of thecountry bumpkin she must appear--just for a moment, then aunt maria'svoice said, in even, equable tones--"ah, here she is!
darsie, these are my young friends of whom i havespoken.
i am pleased that you should become acquainted.
my niece,darsie garnett.
noreen, ida, and ralph percival...  now we will havetea!"
the voice, the manner, were absolutely normal.
was it possible that shehad not _seen_?
darsie shot a quick glance at the old lady's face, metan unconcerned smile, and for the first time in the history of theiracquaintance felt a thrill of admiration.
splendid to have such self-control, to show _no_ sign of surprise or irritation!
she shook handsawkwardly with the three visitors, and sat down on the nearest chair.
"so awfully pleased to meet you!"
cried noreen gushingly.
she was asmart-looking girl of sixteen, with brown eyes and a deeply dimpledchin.
darsie knew exactly what she was thinking--understood that thegushing manner had been adopted to disguise dismayed disappointment inthe aspect of a possible companion.
ralph was quite old--eighteen atleast, with well-cut features, thin lips, and small grey eyes, a dandywearing a fancy waistcoat and resplendent white spats.
his whole aspectbreathed a loud, "i told you so!
you _would_ drag me with you.
_told_you how it would be.
lady hayes's grand-niece!
what could you expect?"
ida was bubbling over with curiosity.
what a fine story she would haveto tell to the family party on her return!
conversation would have dragged pitifully if it had not been for auntmaria's efforts, for the visitors seemed smitten with dumbness, andbeneath no the fire of their glances darsie's embarrassment increasedrather than diminished.
she had no spirit left; a succession ofmonosyllables and an occasional "oh, really!"
made up the sum of hercontributions to the conversation.
it must have been a strong sense ofduty which nerved noreen percival to offer the invitation whichpresumably was the object of her visit.
"we want to know if you will come to lunch with us on thursday, and stayfor the afternoon?
if it's fine, we can have some tennis.
we willdrive you back after tea."
darsie hesitated, but apparently the decision was not to be left to her.
aunt maria accepted with a gracious acknowledgment of mrs percival'skindness, and in answer to a scowl from ralph his sisters rose and madea hasty adieu.
"we came in the governess cart.
the pony gets restless--mustn't keephim waiting.
thank you _so_ much!
they were gone; the outer door was shut behind them.
darsie, standingby the tea-table, caught a glimpse of her own reflection in a mirror atthe opposite end of the room, a stiff, dutch-doll of a figure, withplastered hair, crimson cheeks, and plain frock.
she glanced at auntmaria reseating herself in her high-backed chair, and taking up theinevitable knitting.
now for it!
now for the lecture!
well, after all,she had in only done what had been suggested, a trifle _more_ perhapsthan had been suggested, but that was erring on the right side, not thewrong.
besides, if a naughty impulse to annoy and humiliate aunt mariahad really existed, in the end she had been a thousand times morehumiliated herself.
and now, if you please, she was to be scolded andlectured into the bargain!
but aunt maria neither lectured nor scolded.
all through that next hourwhen pride kept darsie chained to her place, the older lady talked inher most natural manner, and even smiled at her companion across thepatience-board without a flicker of expression to betray that the figureconfronting her was in any way different from the one which she wasaccustomed to see.
once more admiration vanquished irritation, and darsie roused herself tojoin in the problem of "building," and ended in actually feeling adawning of interest in what had hitherto appeared the dreariest ofproblems.
when seven o'clock struck, and the old lady closed the board,and said, in her natural, every-day voice, "and now we must dress fordinner!"
darsie walked slowly across the room, hesitated, and finallyretraced her steps and knelt down on a footstool by lady hayes' side.
i should like to thank you!"
"thank me, my dear.
"for--for saying nothing!
for not crowing over me as you might havedone!"
the flushed, upturned face was very sweet--all the sweeter perhaps forthe plastered hair, which gave to it so quaint and old-world an air.
lady hayes laid a wrinkled hand on the girl's shoulder; her eyestwinkled humorously through her spectacles.
"no, i won't crow, my dear!
that would be ungenerous.
circumstanceshave been pretty hard on you already.
this--this little exhibition wasnot intended for an audience, but for my own private edification.
itwas unfortunate that the percivals should have chosen such a moment fortheir first call.
i was sorry for your discomfiture."
"you oughtn't to have been!
i _meant_ to be naughty.
oh, you'vescored--scored all the way.
i apologise in dust and ashes, but please--if you will be very noble--_never_ speak of it again!"
she reached the door once more, was about to make a bolt for thestaircase, when lady hayes's voice called to her to return--"darsie?"
"come here, child!"
the thin hand was held out to meet hers, the kind old eyes lookedwonderfully soft and tender.
"i think it is only fair to tell you that ... in your own language, youhave scored also!
...  oblige me by doing your hair in your ordinaryfashion for the future!"
"oh, aunt maria, you _duck_!"
cried darsie, and for the first time inher life flung her arms voluntarily around the old lady's neck and gaveher a sounding kiss.
it was really rather fun dressing for the visit to the percivals onthursday; trying to make oneself look one's _very_ best, and imaginingtheir surprise at the transformation!
aunt maria, too, seemed quite toenter into the spirit of the thing, inquired anxiously _which_ dress,and gave special instructions that it should be ironed afresh, so thatit might appear at its freshest and best.
"my woman" had evidently been instructed to take the young guest'swardrobe under her care, since new ribbons and frilling now appearedwith engaging frequency, giving quite an air to half-worn garments.
darsie in a blue muslin dress, with a white straw hat wreathed withdaisies, and her golden locks floating past her waist, made a charmingpicture of youth and happiness as she sat in the old barouche, and whenthe hall was reached aunt maria cast a keen glance around the grounds,transparently eager to discover the young people and share in the fun ofthe meeting.
ralph was nowhere to be seen, that was _not_ to be wondered at under thecircumstances, but the two girls were on duty on the tennis-lawn infront of the house, ready to come forward and welcome their guestimmediately upon her arrival.
the blank gapes of bewilderment with which they witnessed the alightingof the radiant blue and gold apparition afforded keen delight both toaunt and niece.
they were literally incapable of speech, and even afteraunt maria had driven away, coughing in the most suspicious mannerbehind a raised hand, even then conversation was of the most jerky andspasmodic kind.
it was amusing enough for a time, but for a wholeafternoon it would certainly pall, and darsie _did_ want to enjoyherself when she had a chance.
she decided that it was time to putmatters on a right footing, and looked smilingly to right and left, ather embarrassed, tongue-tied companions.
"i think," said darsie politely, "that i owe you an explanation!"
she explained, and noreen and ida pealed with laughter, and danced upand down on the gravel path, and slid their hands through her arm,vowing undying friendship on the spot.
"how per-fectly killing!
i do _love_ a girl who is up to pranks.
_what_ a prank!
how you _must_ have felt when you saw us sitting there!
and lady hayes--what _did_ she say?
was she per-fectly furious?"
"aunt maria behaved like an angel, a dignified angel!
i never liked herso much.
how did _you_ feel?
tell me just exactly your sentiments whenyou saw me walking into that room?"
"i certainly did feel upset, because we _had_ to ask you!
mother saidwe must, and we asked each other what on _earth_ should we do with youall day long.
ida did say that your eyes were pretty.
she was the onlyone who stuck up for you at all!
i thought you looked too appalling forwords."
"what did your brother say?"
asked darsie with natural femininecuriosity, whereupon noreen answered with unabashed candour--"he said you were `a rummy little frump,' and that he would take verygood care to have an engagement for to-day as many miles as possibleaway from home!"
"did he, indeed!"
the colour rose in darsie's cheeks.
"well, i'm veryglad he did.
i like girls best, and i thought _he_ looked conceited andproud.
my best friend has a big brother, too, but he's not a bit likeyours.
rather shaggy, but _so_ clever and kind!
he promised to writeto me while i was here, just because he knew i should be dull.
it'sreally an honour, you know, for he is terrifically clever.
every onesays he will be prime minister one day.
he's going to cambridge.
yourbrother is, too, isn't he?
i shouldn't think they would be at _all_ inthe same set!"
the percival girls looked at each other and smiled.
"poor old ralph!
isn't she blighting?
you don't know anything abouthim, you know.
it's only because he called you a frump, but never mind,he has to be back to tea to look after some work for father, and thenhe'll see!
if you are going to be friends with us, you mustn't begin bydisliking our brother.
he may be conceited, but he is certainly not`shaggy,' and he is much nicer to his sisters than most big boys.
hethinks we are really nicer than other girls."
darsie regarded them critically.
"well, i think you are!"
she conceded graciously.
"oh, how thankful iam that there is some one _young_ in the neighbourhood.
i was beginningto feel so painfully middle-aged.
let's sit down and talk.
tell meabout yourselves.
do you go to school?
do you go in forexams?
what subjects do you like best?"
noreen laughed, and shook her head.
"we have a governess.
we are going for a year to a finishing school inparis, but mother doesn't approve of exams, for girls.
she wants us tobe able to play, and sing, and draw, and speak german and french, andshe says that's enough.
we don't bother about latin or mathematics orany of those dull old things."
"they are not dull.
i revel in them.
but you'rerich, of course, and won't have to work.
i shall have to earn moneymyself, so i want to pass all the exams.
the percivals stared in solemn surprise.
the idea was so strange ittook some time to digest.
all their friends were well off likethemselves; really, when they came to think of it, they had never met aprospective _working_ girl before!
they regarded darsie with acuriosity tinged with compassion.
"do you mean it--really?
tell us about yourself?
where do you live?"
"in birchester, craven street, sandon terrace--the corner house insandon terrace."
the girls were plainly shocked, but idarallied bravely, and said in her most courteous air: "it must be so_interesting_ to live in a street!
so much to see.
and have you _very_interesting people living across the road?"
husbands and wives, and one old bachelor with aleg--lame leg, i mean.
no one at all thrilling, but our friends--our_best_ friends--live in a terrace at right angles with ours.
we havegreat times with them.
i'll tell you about our latest craze."
noreen and ida sat breathlessly listening to the history of thetelegraph, till it was time to go into the house for lunch, when darsiewas introduced to mrs percival, a very smartly dressed lady, who lookedastonishingly young to be the mother of a grown-up family.
after lunchthe three girls attempted tennis, but gave it up in deference to thevisitor's lack of skill, visited stables and kennels and conservatory,and were again brought face to, face with the different points of viewexisting between the town and the country dweller.
"do all people who live in the country go and stare at their horses anddogs every day of their lives?"
demanded darsie with an air of patientresignation, as noreen and ida patted, and whistled, and rubbed thenoses of their four-footed friends, fed them with dainty morsels, andpointed out good points in technical terms which were as greek in thelistener's ears.
"aunt maria goes every single day; it's a part of theregular programme, like knitting in the afternoon and patience at night.
i get--_so_ bored!"
the shocked looks which the percival sisters turned upon her seemedludicrously out of proportion with the circumstances.
"don't you--don't you _love_ animals?"
"certainly--in their place.
but i _cannot_ see the interest in staringin through a stable door at the same horses standing munching in thesame stalls day after day.
it's no use pretending that i can," declareddarsie obstinately.
"and the dogs make such a noise, and drag at yourclothes.
i'm always thankful to get away.
let's go back to the gardenand look at the flowers.
i could stare at flowers for ages.
it seemstoo glorious to be true to be able to pick as many roses as you like.
at home mother buys a sixpenny bunch on saturday, and cuts the stalksevery day, and puts them into fresh water to make them last as long aspossible, and we have nasturtiums for the rest of the week.
i love thefruit and vegetable garden, too.
it's so amusing to see how thingsgrow!
especially,"--she laughed mischievously, showing a whole nest ofbaby dimples in one pink cheek, "i warn you frankly that this is ahint!--especially things you can _eat_!"
noreen and ida chuckled sympathetically.
there is still a bed of late strawberries.
we'll takecamp-stools from the summer-house, and you shall sit and feast until youare tired, and we'll sit and watch you, and talk.
we seem to have hadstrawberries at every meal for weeks past, and are quite tired of thesight, so you can have undisturbed possession."
"and i," said darsie with a sigh, "have never in my life had enough!
itwill be quite an epoch to go on eating until i _want_ to stop.
that'sthe worst of a large family, the dainties divide into such tiny shares!"
ten minutes later the three girls had taken up their position in thekitchen garden in a spot which to the town-bred girl seemed ideal forcomfort and beauty.
the strawberry-bed ran along the base of an oldbrick wall on which the branches of peach-trees stretched out in theformal upward curves of great candelabra.
an old apple-tree curvedobligingly over the gravel path to form a protection from the sun, andit was the prettiest thing in the world to glance up through thebranches with their clusters of tiny green apples, and see the patchesof blue sky ahead.
darsie sat stretching out her hand to pluck one bigstrawberry after another, an expression of beatific contentment on herface.
"yes--it's scrumptious to live in the country--in summer!
if it werealways like this i'd want to stay for ever, but it must be dreadfullydull in winter, when everything is dead and still.
i shouldn't like ita bit."
the percival girls protested in chorus.
"it's beautifulalways, and livelier than ever, for there's the hunting.
hunting isjust _the_ most delightful sport!
we hunt once a week always, and oftentwice--the most exciting runs.
we are sorry, absolutely sorry whenspring comes to stop us."
"oh, do you hunt!"
darsie was quite quelled by the thought of suchsplendour.
in town it was rare even to see a girl on horseback; a huntwas a thing which you read about, but never expected to behold with yourown eyes.
the knowledge that her new friends actually participated inthis lordly sport raised them to a pinnacle of importance.
she munchedstrawberries in thoughtful silence for several moments before recoveringenough spirit to enter another plea in favour of town.
"well, anyway--if you _don't_ hunt, it must be dull.
aren't you scared to death walking along dark lanes without a singlelamppost?
i should live in terror of tramps and burglars, and neverdare to stir out of the house after three o'clock."
"no you wouldn't, if you were accustomed to it.
our maids come homequite happily at ten o'clock at night, but if they go to a city they arenervous in the brightly lit streets.
that's curious, but it's true.
weused to leave doors and windows open all day long, and hardly trouble tolock up at night, until a few months ago when we had a scare which madeus more careful.
till then we trusted every one, and every one trustedus."
darsie pricked her ears, scenting an excitement.
do tell me!
i love gruesome stories.
what was it?
noreen nodded solemnly.
it's gruesome enough.
simply horrid for us, for so many otherpeople lost their--but i'll tell you from the beginning.
it was thenight of the hunt ball at rakeham, and the house was crammed withvisitors.
we were allowed to sit up to see them all start.
they lookedso lovely--the men in their pink coats, and the ladies in their verybest dresses and jewels.
well, it was about half-past seven; the ladieshad gone upstairs to dress about half an hour before, when suddenlythere was a great noise and clamour, and some one shouted `fire!'
andpealed an alarm on the gong.
no one knew where it was, but you neverheard such a hubbub and excitement.
doors opened all down thecorridors, and the ladies rushed out in dressing-gowns and dressing-jackets, with hair half done, or streaming down their backs, shriekingand questioning, and clinging to one another, and rushing downstairs.
the men were more sensible; they took it quite calmly, and just set towork to put the fire out.
it was in a little room on the second floor,and the strange thing was that it hadn't been used for months, and noone could account for there being a fire there at all.
after a littletime one of the men came out into the corridor, and said: `there'ssomething wrong about this--this is not the result of accident!
i don'tlike the look of it at all.'
then he turned to the ladies, who were allhuddled together, gasping and questioning, with their maids and theother servants in the background, and said: `ladies!
i advise you to goback to your rooms as quickly as possible.
there is not the slightestdanger, but it might be just as well to look after your jewellery!'
"you should have heard them shriek!
they turned and rushed likerabbits, and the maids rushed after them, shrieking too, but that wasnothing to the noise two minutes after, when they got back to theirrooms and found their jewels gone!
they were laid out ready to be puton, on the dressing-tables, and the alarm had been cleverly timed togive the ladies enough time to get half dressed, but not enough to haveput on their jewellery.
only one out of all the party had put on hernecklace.
she _was_ pleased!
"well, they shrieked, and shrieked, and some of the men left the fireand came upstairs to the rescue.
captain beverley was the smartest, andhe just tore along the corridor to a dressing-room over the billiard-room, and there was a man letting himself drop out of the window, andscrambling over the billiard-room roof to the ground!
captain beverleygave the alarm, and the servants rushed out to give chase.
it was verydark, and they could not tell how many men there were, for they keptdodging in and out among the trees.
some people said there were onlytwo, and some said they saw four, but only one was caught that night--anidle, loafing young fellow who had been staying at the village inn for afew weeks, pretending to be a city clerk convalescing after an illness.
the worst of it was that he had only a few of the smaller things in hispockets, none of the really big, valuable pieces."
darsie's eyes sparkled with animation.
"that _was_ anexcitement.
i wish i'd been here.
what happened after that?"
"oh, my dear, the most awful evening!
the visitors had all broughttheir very _best_ things, as the hunt ball is a great occasion, and theyalmost all cried, and one poor lady went into hysterics.
her father hadbeen an ambassador and had all sorts of wonderful orders and thingswhich she had had made into brooches and pendants, and they could neverbe replaced, no matter how much money she spent.
dinner was the mostweepy meal you can imagine, and only one or two of the sensible oneswent on to the ball.
the others stayed at home and moped, and motherhad to stay, too.
she had to keep calm, and comfort everyone else, when she'd lost all her own pet things.
there was one stringof pearls which has been in our family for generations, and each newowner adds a few more pearls, so that it gets longer and longer, andmore and more valuable.
it would have belonged to ralph's wife someday.
he was so funny about it, so disappointed!
he kept saying: `poorlittle girl!
it _is_ rough luck!'
we said: `why pity her, when youhaven't the least idea who she is?'
he said: `why not, when i know verywell that i _shall_ know some day!'"
darsie smiled with politely concealed impatience.
she was not in theleast interested in ralph's problematical wife, but she was devouredwith anxiety to hear further particulars of the exciting burglary.
you said they only caught one man that night.
that means, i suppose--""yes!"
noreen sighed tragically.
"that was the saddest part of it.
the next morning they found another man lying just outside the walledgarden.
he had scrambled up, holding on to the fruit-trees, and hadthen jumped down and broken his leg, and he was not a stranger, but oneof our very own men--an under-gardener whom we had all liked so much.
father believed that he had been bribed and led away by the man fromlondon, and offered to let him off if he would tell all he knew, howmany thieves there had been, and give the names and descriptions of theones who had escaped, but he wouldn't.
nothing would make him speak.
we all tried in turns, and then the vicar came and was shut up with himfor an age, but it was no use.
they say `there's honour among thieves,'and it's true.
he wouldn't give the others away, so the two were sentto prison together, and they are there still.
father says they won'tmind a few months' imprisonment, for when they come out they will gettheir share of the money and be quite rich.
they'll probably sail offfor america or australia and buy land, and live in luxury ever after.
it _is_ a shame!
father and mother feel it awfully.
such a dreadfulthing to happen when you ask your friends to stay!"
it's a comfort to have nothing to lose.
mother has one diamondring, which she always wears above the wedding one, and there's nothingelse worth stealing in the house, except watches and silver spoons, sothat aunt maria need fear no qualms on account of her present visitor.
no one will set her house on fire on account of my jewels--a few glassbeads and a gold safety-pin, all told!
you see them before you now!"
darsie tossed her head and pointed towards her treasures with an air ofsuch radiant satisfaction that noreen and ida dropped the effort to bepolite, and pealed with delighted laughter.
"you _are_ a funny girl!
you do amuse us.
it's so nice to have a newfriend.
the girls near here are so deadly dull.
you seem so full ofspirit."
it runs away with me.
i act first and think afterwards.
_not_ a good principle for a working life," pronounced miss darsiesententiously as she searched among the green leaves for a strawberrysufficiently large and red to suit her fastidious taste.
the percivalswatched her with fascinated gaze.
an hour before they would haveprofessed the most profound pity for a girl who lived in a street, ownedneither horse nor dog, and looked forward to earning her own living, butit was with something more closely resembling envy that they nowregarded darsie garnett, weighted as she was with all these drawbacks.
there was about her an air of breeziness, of adventure, which shook themout of their self-complacence.
it no longer seemed the all-importantthing in life to belong to a county family, attend the hunt, and lookforward to a presentation at court; they felt suddenly countrified anddull, restricted in aim and interest.
it was while darsie was still conversing in airy, discursive fashion,and her companions listening with fascinated attention, that footstepswere heard approaching, and ralph's tall figure appeared at the end ofthe path.
he was evidently taking a short cut through the grounds, andas darsie was out of his line of vision, being planted well back amongthe strawberry plants, he saw only his two sisters, and advanced to meetthem with cheerful unconcern.
hasn't she come?"
but it is luck all the same.
look for yourself!"
criednoreen gleefully, pointing with outstretched hand to where darsie sat, apale blue figure among a nest of greenery, her little, flushed, laughingface tilted upward on the long white throat, her scattered locks ashinein the sun.
with the air of a queen she extended finger-tips crimsonwith the strawberry juice towards the newcomer, and with the air of acourtier ralph percival stooped to take them in his own.
for a moment they stared full into each other's eyes, while thebewilderment on the young man's face slowly gave place to recognition.
"glad to see you again, princess goldenlocks!
let me congratulate youon the breaking of the spell.
who was the kind fairy who set you freeto appear among us in your rightful guise?"
he spoke like a book; he looked tall and handsome enough to be a princehimself.
darsie forgave him on the instant for his former lack ofrespect, and bent upon him her most dimpling smile.
"i freed myself.
i wove my own spell, and when i was tired of it ibroke loose."
ralph looked down at her with a slow, quizzical smile.
"you had better be careful!
spells are awkward things to move about.
they might alight, you know, on some other shoulders, and not be soeasily shaken off!"
his eyes, his voice, added point to the words.
it was the first, thevery first compliment which darsie had ever received from masculinelips, and compared with the blunt criticisms of dan vernon, she found itwonderfully stimulating.
"come along, girls!"
cried ralph with a sudden return to a natural,boyish manner.
"there's a whole hour yet before tea, and we can't sithere doing nothing.
let's go down to the river and punt.
do you punt,miss garnett?
i'll teach you!
you look the sort of girl to be good atsport.
you'll pick it up in no time."
the three girls rose obediently and followed ralph's lead riverwards,while noreen and ida, gesticulating and grimacing in the background,gave the visitor to understand that a great honour had been bestowedupon her, and that she might consider herself fortunate in being therecipient of an unusual mark of attention.
if there were innumerable good points in an acquaintance with thepercival family, there was certainly the inevitable drawback, for on thedays when she was alone with her great-aunt, darsie was renderedlonelier and more restless than before by the knowledge that a couple ofmiles away were three agreeable young companions who would be only toopleased to include her in their pastimes.
the different points of viewheld by youth and age were, as usual, painfully in evidence.
darsieconsidered that it would be desirable to meet the percivals "everysingle day"; aunt maria was glad that you had enjoyed yourself; waspleased that you should meet young friends, and suggested a returninvitation, "some day next week!"
pending which far-off period you wereexpected to be content with the usual routine of morning drive,afternoon needlework, and evening patience.
really--really--really, tohave lived to that age, and to have no better understanding!
lettersfrom the seaside did not tend to soothe the exile's discontent.
itseemed callous of the girls to expatiate on the joys of bathing,fishing, and generally running wild, to one who was practising a lady-like decorum in the society of an old lady over seventy years of age,and although dan kept his promise to the extent of a letter of two wholesheets, he gave no hint of deploring darsie's own absence.
it was intruth a dull, guide-booky epistle, all about stupid "places of interest"in the neighbourhood, in which darsie was frankly uninterested.
all theroman remains in the world could not have counted at that moment againstone little word of friendly regret, but that word was not forthcoming,and the effect of the missive was depressing, rather than the reverse.
mother's letters contained little news, but were unusually loving--wistfully, almost, as it were, _apologetically_ loving!
the exilerealised that in moments of happy excitement, when brothers and sisterswere forgetful of her existence, a shadow would fall across mother'sface, and she would murmur softly, "_poor_ little darsie!"
darsie's owneyes filled at the pathos of the thought.
she was filled withcommiseration for her own hard plight...  father's letters were bracing.
no pity here; only encouragement and exhortation.
"remember, my dear,a sacrifice grudgingly offered is no sacrifice at all.
what is worthdoing, is worth doing well.
i hope to hear that you are not only anagreeable, but also a cheerful and cheering companion to your old aunt!"
darsie's shoulders hitched impatiently.
sounds like a copy-book.
_i_ could make headlines, too!
easy to talk when you're nottried.
can't put an old head on young shoulders.
callous youth, andcrabbed age..."not that aunt maria was really crabbed.
irritable perhaps, peculiarcertainly, finicky and old-fashioned to a degree, yet with a certainbedrock kindliness of nature which forbade the use of so hard a term as_crabbed_.
since the date of the hair episode darsie's admiration forlady hayes's dignified self-control had been steadily on the increase.
she even admitted to her secret self that in time to come--far, far-offtime to come,--she would like to become like aunt maria in this respectand cast aside her own impetuous, storm-tossed ways.
at seventy one_ought_ to be calm and slow to wrath, but at fifteen!
who could expecta poor little flapper of fifteen to be anything but fire and flame!
wet days were the great trial--those drizzling, chilly days which have adisagreeable habit of intruding into our english summers.
darsie,shivering in a washing dress, "occupying herself quietly with herneedlework" in the big grim morning-room, was in her most prickly andrebellious of moods.
"hateful to have such weather in summer!
my fingers are so cold i canhardly work."
"it is certainly very chill."
"aunt maria, couldn't we have a fire?
it would be _something_ cheerfulto look at!"
lady hayes was apparently transfixed with amazement.
you forget, surely, the month!
the month of august.
we neverbegin fires until the first of october."
"you'd be much more comfortable if you did."
there being no controverting the truth of this statement, lady hayesmade no reply.
but after the lapse of a few minutes she volunteered asuggestion.
"there is a grey shetland shawl folded up under the sofa rug.
you hadbetter put it over your shoulders, since you feel so cold."
darsie gave an impatient laugh.
"fancy me wrapped up in ashetland shawl!
i'd sooner freeze."
lady hayes dropped her eyelids and tightened her lips.
her mannerpointed out more eloquently than words the fact that her guest waswanting in respect, but as hostess it was her duty to consider thecomfort of her guest, so presently she rang the bell and gaveinstructions that a cup of hot cocoa should be served at eleven o'clockinstead of the usual glass of milk.
she herself was never guilty of theenormity of eating between meals, so that the listener knew perfectlywell for whose benefit the order was given, but being at once cold,lonely, and cross, her heart was hardened, and she spoke no word.
between that time and the appearance of james with the tray aunt mariamade three successive attempts to open new topics of conversation, whichwere each time checkmated by monosyllabic replies.
there was a tone ofrelief in her voice, as of one hailing a much-needed assistance, as shesaid briskly--"now, my dear, here is your cocoa!
drink it while it is hot.
it willwarm you up."
"thank you, i don't drink cocoa.
it makes me sick."
there was a moment's silence.
james stood at attention, tray in hand.
lady hayes tightened her lips, and the little red lines on her cheeksturned a curious bluish shade.
then she cleared her throat, and said inher most courteous tones--"i am sorry.
would you kindly tell james what you would like instead.
a warm drink would be better than milk thismorning."
"nothing, thank you."
you may go."
aunt maria went on with her knitting, the click-clickof the needles sounding startlingly distinct in the silent room.
darsiesat shamed and miserable, now that her little ebullition of spleen wasover, acutely conscious of the rudeness of her behaviour.
for fiveminutes by the clock the silence lasted; but in penitence, as in fault,there was no patience in darsie's nature, and at the end of the fiveminutes the needlework was thrown on the floor, and with a quick lightmovement she was on her knees by lady hayes's side.
"aunt maria, forgive me.
i'm a pig!"
"excuse me, my dear, you are mistaken.
you are a young gentlewoman whohas failed to behave as such."
"oh, aunt maria, don't, _don't_ be proper!"
pleaded darsie, half-laughing, half in tears.
"i _am_ a pig, and i behaved as much, andyou're a duchess and a queen, and i can't imagine how you put up with meat all.
i wonder you don't turn me out of doors, neck and crop!"
lady hayes put down her knitting and rested her right hand lightly onthe girl's head, but she did not smile; her face looked very grave andsad.
"indeed, darsie, my dear," she said slowly, "that is just what i amthinking of doing.
not `neck and crop'--that's an exaggerated manner ofspeaking, but, during the last few days i have been coming to theconclusion that i made a mistake in separating you from your family.
ithought too much of my own interests, and not enough of yours."
shesmiled, a strained, pathetic little smile.
"i think i hardly realisedhow _young_ you were!
the years pass by; one falls deeperand deeper into one's own ways, one's own habits, and becomesunconscious of different views, different outlooks.
it was a selfishact to take a young thing away from her companions on the eve of asummer holiday.
i realise it now, my dear; rather late in the day,perhaps, but not too late!
i will arrange that you join your family atthe sea before the end of the week."
darsie gasped, and sat back on her heels, breathless with surprise anddismay.
dismay; extraordinary though it might appear, no spark ofjoy or expectation lightened the shocked confusion of her mind.
we cannever succeed in turning back the wheels of time so as to take up aposition as it would have been if the disturbing element had notoccurred.
the holiday visit to the seaside would have been joy untold_if_ aunt maria had never appeared and given her unwelcome invitation,but now!--now a return to seaview would be in the character of a truantcarrying within her heart the consciousness of failure and defeat.
inthe moment's silence which followed aunt maria's startling announcementthe words of advice and exhortation spoken by her father passed one byone through darsie's brain.
"if you cannot have what you like, try to like what you have...  putyourself now and then in your aunt's place.--a sacrifice grudginglyperformed is no sacrifice at all...  what is worth doing at all, isworth doing well."
each word condemned her afresh; she stood as judge before the tribunalof her own conscience, and the verdict was in every case the same.
she had not tried; she had not imagined; everything that shehad done had been done with a grudge; the effort, the forbearance, thecourtesy, had been all on the other side...  there fell upon her a panicof shame and fear, a wild longing to begin again, and retrieve hermistakes.
she couldn't, she could _not_ be sent away and leave auntmaria uncheered, unhelped, harassed rather than helped, as the result ofher visit.
"oh, aunt maria," she cried breathlessly, "give me another chance!
don't, don't send me away!
i'm sorry, i'm ashamed, i've behavedhorribly, but, i _want_ to stay.
give me another chance, and let mebegin again!
honestly, truly, i'll be good, i'll do all that youwant..."lady hayes stared at her earnestly.
there was no mistaking thesincerity of the eager voice, the wide, eloquent eyes, but the poor ladywas plainly puzzled as to what had wrought so speedy a change of front.
with her usual deliberation she waited for several moments beforereplying, studying the girl's face with serious eyes.
"my dear, don't imagine that i am thinking of sending you back indisgrace.
not at all.
i will take all responsibility upon myself, andexplain to your parents that i have come to the conclusion that it wouldbe a mistake to prolong your visit.
it has been very dull for you alonewith an old woman, and i am sure that though you have not alwayssucceeded, you have at least had the intention of making yourselfpleasant and agreeable."
darsie shook her bright head in vigorous denial.
ican be fifty times nicer than that, when i really try.
let me stay,aunt maria, and you'll see...  it's quite true that i was cross atfirst.
i hated giving up the holiday with the vernons, and there seemednothing to do; but i've changed my mind.
i didn't know you, you see,and now i do, and i--i would like you to be pleased with me before i_go_!
please, _please_, aunt maria, let me stay!"
"certainly, my dear, i shall be most pleased."
lady hayes still wore asomewhat puzzled expression, but she was undoubtedly gratified by thegirl's appeal, and darsie bent forward and kissed her cheek with thefeeling of one who has narrowly escaped a great danger.
"that's settled, and now we are going to live happily ever after!"
"ah, my dear, i am afraid that is too much to expect!
i have noamusements to offer you to relieve the dullness.
my health obliges meto live a quiet life, and i have grown to dread change.
of course,there are plenty of books to read--improving, well-written books, verydifferent from the rubbish published to-day.
if you would like to havea little reading aloud, or i could give you lessons in knitting andcrochet..."darsie laughed, a bright, audacious laugh.
"i wouldn't like it a bit!
i've another plan to suggest, fifty timesnicer and more exciting.
suppose,"--she leaned her arms on the oldlady's knee and looked gaily into her spectacled eyes--"suppose, insteadof your trying to make me old with you, _i_ tried, for a time, to makeyou young with _me_?
what do you think?
wouldn't it be far morefun!"
"you ridiculous child!"
but lady hayes laughed in her turn, and showedno signs of dismay.
"that would be too difficult an undertaking evenfor you.
to make me young again, ah, darsie!
that's an impossibletask."
"not a whit more impossible than to make me old!"
cried darsie quickly.
"suppose we took turns?
that would be only fair.
your day first, whenyou would read aloud dull books with the blinds half down; and then myday, when i'd read funny ones, with the blinds drawn up to the top, andthe sun streaming into the room; your day, when we drove the ordinaryround and came back to lunch; and mine when we went away over the hilland took a picnic basket and drew up at the side of the road, and ateit, and got milk from a cottage and drank it out of cups withoutsaucers!
your night, when we played patience; and mine when i showedyou tricks and danced figure dances as we do at school.
i'm _sure_you'd like to see me dance the highland fling!
i_know_ you'll promise.
i can see the softening in your eye!"
protested lady hayes once more, but darsie wasright; there was certainly a softening in her eye which bespoke adisposition to yield.
in truth it was not so much of darsie as ofherself that lady hayes was thinking at that moment, for as the youngvoice spoke the old heart quickened with quite an agreeable sense ofexpectation.
years since she had read a "funny book," years since shehad partaken of a picnic meal; years--many, many years since she hadlooked on while a young girl danced!
radical changes and innovations inthe routine of life she could not face at this late day, but darsie'sgirlish plan attempted nothing so ambitious.
let the child have herway!
it would be interesting, undoubtedly interesting, to see how shebehaved.
so darsie gained her point, and for the next week she and her hostessplayed in turn the part of mistress of the ceremonies, to their mutualbenefit and satisfaction.
one of the privileges gained by the alliance between aunt and niece wasthat the former veto against bicycle riding was withdrawn, and thatdarsie was set free each afternoon for an hour's enjoyment of thisfavourite exercise.
in deference to lady hayes's nervousness and sense of responsibility thehigh-road was avoided as much as possible, and detours taken throughquiet lanes, where traffic was reduced to a minimum; and it was alongone of these lanes that darsie rode joyously some five or six days afterher visit to the percivals, bearing in her pocket a return invitation toher new friends.
she had been longing to meet them again, had keenlyregretted a domestic upset which had delayed the invitation until now,but all the same the last days had passed wonderfully quickly andhappily.
afire with resolution to "begin again" and show herself in thelight of a cheerful and cheering companion, she had neglected noopportunity to make herself agreeable to her hostess, while aunt mariain return had been sweetly considerate, and on occasions quite startlingin her divination of hidden wishes and desires.
the eyes behind thegold-rimmed spectacles would rest upon the girl's face with an intentscrutiny which seemed to have the power to draw free confidences, tillto her own surprise darsie found herself discussing fluently the all-important subject of her own future, and setting forth her hopes andfears in relation to a scholarship for newnham.
on this, as on almostevery topic which came up for discussion, the old woman and the girlheld almost diametrically opposite opinions, but so far darsie hadcontrived to subdue her impatience, and to listen with some appearanceof humility to lady hayes's somewhat sententious criticism.
"but i wonder if it can last!"
she was asking herself doubtfully thisafternoon, as she pedalled through the sweet-smelling lanes.
"i wonderif i can possibly go on being so unnaturally good without falling illfrom the strain!
how i hope the percival girls will be at home!
if ican let off steam for an hour, and make as much noise as i like, it willbe no end of a relief, and help me to last out without a relapse.
i'dhate to have a relapse and spoil it all, just when i'm trying so hard;and she's really a dear, _quite_ an old dear!
i love to please her.
whenever i begin to feel scratchy i must make an excuse and get over tothe percivals for an hour to be soothed down.
i do _hope_ they are into-day!"
the butler announced "not at home," in reply to darsie'sinquiry, then, seeing the blank disappointment on the young face, headded graciously: "the young ladies are out for a ride.
they willprobably be home about four o'clock.
will you not step in and wait?"
darsie brightened instantly.
four o'clock, and she had promised to beback by five.
yes, she could enjoy half an hour's talk, and still leaveample time for the ride home, but as it was now barely three o'clock shedid not feel tempted by the prospect of sitting cooped in the house forso long a time.
"thank you," she said briskly.
"i should like to wait, but i think i'llstay in the garden.
perhaps you would be kind enough to tell them whenthey return."
the man bowed and withdrew, and darsie strolled away in the direction ofthe rose pergola, the beauty of which had attracted her so greatly onher first visit.
she wandered up and down the archways, sniffed at thefragrance of the late blooms which still remained, indulged in a littleof the sentimental poetising which seems to flow so readily when one is"alone among the roses," began to grow bored, wandered aimlessly ahead,grew very bored indeed, and, consulting her watch, was dismayed to findthat only fifteen minutes had passed away.
and there stillremained forty-five before her companions were likely to arrive!
whatcould she find to do to while away a whole forty-five minutes?
as amatter of prudence darsie put the suggestion of the fruit gardenresolutely aside.
it would not be _safe_ to put herself in proximitywith those tempting strawberries, since on a second visit to a house onewas, unfortunately, not on sufficiently intimate terms to take withoutbeing asked.
she was contemplating getting on her bicycle and taking a short rideround the lanes, when the brilliant alternative of the river darted intoher mind.
of course, the river!
nothing could be more delightful.
sheset off at a trot, taking in her inexperience many wrong turnings, butarriving at last at the river, or rather the peaceful backwater of theriver which bordered the percival grounds.
to darsie's mind the spotwas the most picturesque on the whole estate, and a good many peoplecould be found ready to agree with her in the conclusion; for thebackwater though narrow was bordered by banks rich in reeds andbulrushes, while a hundred yards or so below the miniature jetty a pairof ancient wooden gates spanned the stream, through whose decaying beamscould be seen fascinating peeps of a baby waterfall, and a great moss-covered wheel which proclaimed the former use of the old grey buildingof which it was a part.
in olden times this quiet backwater had been abusy centre of industry, but the modern inventions of machinery had leftit hopelessly in the rear.
the mill-owner had been ruined long ago, andthe mill-house, with its great panelled rooms, was given up to theoccupancy of the rats, while the disused wheel was green with moss, andthe wooden gateway threatened every day to fall free of its hinges.
the young percivals could not remember the day when the mill had beenworking, but from a personal point of view they deeply regretted itscessation, for, deprived of the healthy action of the wheel, the littlebackwater was becoming every year more choked with weeds, until at somepoints it was difficult to navigate the punt.
at long intervals strange men came to investigate the mill and itsmachinery, and the percivals were cheered by rumours of a certain "let,"but as one rumour after another died away without bringing any tangibleresult their hopes had reached a vanishing point, and they paid littleattention to the occasional stirring into life of the dreamy backwater.
darsie walked to the end of the jetty, stepped lightly into the punt,and sank down on the soft red cushions.
one might not eat one'sneighbour's fruit, but one might sit in his punt, and arrange hiscushions to fit comfily into the crick in one's back, without infringingthe laws of hospitality.
darsie poked and wriggled, and finally lay atease, deliciously comfortable, blinking up at the sunshine overhead, andcongratulating herself on having hit on the spot of all others in whichto spend the time of waiting.
she could lie here for hours withoutfeeling bored; it was the most deliciously lazy, drowsy sensation shehad ever experienced.
at the end of five minutes, however, the drowsyfeeling threatened to become altogether too pronounced, and having nowish either to be discovered fast asleep, or to sleep on undiscoveredtill past the hour for her return.
darsie sat up hurriedly and began tolook around for fresh distractions.
at the very first glimpse the usual temptation for idle hands stared herin the face, for there on the jetty lay, not only the long punt-pole,but also the dainty little paddle which she had handled under ralph'sinstructions the week before.
it had been quite easy, ridiculouslyeasy; the girls declared that she took to it as to the manner born; shehad paddled the whole boatload for quite a considerable distance.
naturally it would be much easier and lighter to paddle for oneselfalone.
the chain holding the punt to the jetty could easily be slippedfrom its ring; there was not, _could_ not be, any danger in paddlingpeacefully along a quiet little backwater.
of course, prudent peoplewould say--aunt maria would say-- but then if you waited until all theprudent people on earth approved of all that you did, you might sit withyour hands crossed in your lap for the rest of your life!
darsie tossed her head with the defiant little jerk which meant that shewas _going_ to do it, and she didn't care, and the consequences couldlook after themselves.
in another moment the punt was free from thechain, and was being paddled slowly down the stream.
really, she toldherself, the solid old craft was as safe as a house; so big, so heavilybuilt was it that it seemed curious, not that its progress should beslow but that it should move at all in response to the efforts of oneinexperienced girl!
glancing over, darsie could see the weeds risingfrom the bed of the stream, sometimes so high that they caught in thepaddle as it worked and greatly impeded its force; still she wassteadily moving along, and, fired with ambition, her eyes fell on awillow-tree standing out from the bank some hundred yards ahead, and shedetermined to persevere until the point should be reached.
to declareshe had paddled "some way"--"quite a long way"--would probably bediscounted to mean but a few yards by the percival sisters, but "to thewillow and back" was a definite feat which could not be gainsaid.
sodarsie worked and strained till her arms ached and her cheeks flamed,till the punt, moving heavily through the weeds, ran at last beneath thewillow branches and found a natural anchorage.
well, it was good to lie back against the cushions and rest one's wearyarms and back!
darsie peeped at her watch, saw with relief that she hadstill a good quarter of an hour to spare, and abandoned herself to alazy enjoyment of the situation.
and then the inevitable happened, for the soothing influence of theshaded light lulled the tired senses into deeper and deeperunconsciousness, until at last the fringed eyelids ceased to flicker,and remained peacefully closed, and, like a happy, tired child, darsierested her cheek on her hand and slept.
subsequent comparisons proved that her doze might have lasted for halfan hour or more, before a sudden movement of the punt roused her with astart.
she sat up, blinked sleepily around, and discovered to hersurprise that the punt had moved from its anchorage and drifted into thecentre of the stream.
it had appeared so safely moored against the treethat she was puzzled to understand how this had come about, but as themovement had roused her from sleep she was glad that it had occurred,and, seating herself steadily, lifted her paddle to work her way back tothe jetty.
as she settled herself, however, darsie's attention was arrested by themanner in which the banks seemed to be slipping past; she turned herhead over her shoulder, and discovered that in the minute which hadelapsed since she had awakened from sleep the willow-tree had been leftseveral yards behind.
some mysterious change seemed to have passed overthe surface of the still, almost stagnant, waters; they were flowing aswith a tide, the rippling movement stirring the weedy banks.
darsieused her paddle automatically, but its puny force seemed superfluous,for the punt was moving of itself, quickly and still more quickly,swinging broadside to the stream in defiance of her efforts to keep itstraight.
darsie ceased to struggle and leaned forward on the paddle toconsider the situation.
then, for the first time, she became aware thatthe former stillness of the stream was replaced by a harsh, continuousnoise, which seemed momentarily to increase in volume.
what could itbe?
she stared around with puzzled eyes, but there was no hint of alarmin her bewilderment.
a child of the city, she was inured to sudden andinexplicable noises; it was only when the punt swung heavily round abend that she realised the seriousness of her position.
the mill wasworking!
one of the infrequent experimental trials of which she hadheard was even now in process, the great moss-covered wheel wasrevolving creakily on its axle, waking the sleeping river into life, andthe heavy punt was bearing down, more and more rapidly towards the crazywooden gates!
in a second all that she had heard on this subject from the percivalfamily flashed through darsie's brain.
the gates were frail, so eatenby long action of water, that at the impact of a heavy mass they wouldalmost certainly burst apart, and then--what would happen to the puntand to its hapless occupant?
would she be hurled against a brokenboulder, wedged helplessly beneath the debris, or rushed forward intothe swirl of the millpond itself?
whatever happened it seemed certainthat danger--and serious danger--loomed close at hand, unless she couldsucceed in overmastering the current and landing the punt safely at thelittle jetty.
at this moment it was not fear but rather an exhilaratingtingling of excitement of which darsie was most aware.
here was anadventure--a full-fledged adventure, such as came but seldom to breakthe monotony of life!
for the sake of her future credit she must bear herself bravely, beswift, resourceful, energetic.
with all her strength she plied thepaddle to and fro, but for all the effect produced she might as wellhave sat still upon her cushions.
it would have required an experiencedhand to guide the heavy punt through the sweeping current, and underdarsie's unpractised strokes it twisted, and turned, and revolved inaimless and disconcerting circles...  no matter!
she was determined towin; by hook or by crook she must make the left side of the stream andgain an anchorage.
the jetty or the millpond--that was the alternative,and it was one to put power into the arm and give staying power to thelaboured breath!
the moments were flying now, the banks seemed to beflitting past more quickly than ever.
darsie tried to convert thepaddle into an oar, with which to steer more vigorously for the desiredbank; then came a breathless second of suspense, followed by a sickeningrealisation of failure.
the punt had swept past the jetty at a distancejust wide enough to make it impossible to grasp the chain, and was nowbearing straight for the wooden gates!
with the passing of the jetty, fear awoke for the first time in darsie'sbreast--the fear which arises when the possibility of action is over andnothing remains but to sit still and await the end.
in one moment oftime an incredible number of thoughts flashed through her brain; shethought of her father and mother, of their grief and pain at theknowledge of her untimely end; she thought of her brothers and sisters,of vie vernon and plain hannah, and dan; she saw a vision of them allgarbed in black, sitting round the study fire, enlarging upon her ownvirtues and graces; she thought of aunt maria and her responsibility;she saw a vision of herself, cold and still, being dragged out of themillpond, with her hair floating like seaweed behind her, and at thethought a wild rebellion rose in her heart, a determination to fight on,to fight to the end for her precious life!
one or two large trees stoodout from the bank.
darsie leaped to her feet and, raising the paddle so high above her headthat it caught against the branches, strove to delay the progress of thepunt.
the result was to upset her own equilibrium, and as she fellforward she screamed loudly, a shrill, penetrating scream of panic andappeal.
with almost startling quickness the answer came, in the form of ananswering cry, close at hand.
round the corner of the next clump ofbushes dashed the figure of ralph percival, bareheaded, eager-faced,and, thank heaven!
unhesitating in action.
not for one fraction of asecond did he hesitate, but with the assurance of one who knows everyinch of the land rushed forward waist-deep into the river; halted there,and called out a sharp command--"your paddle!
stretch out your paddle towards me!
lean outas far as you can!"
darsie fell on her knees, and, leaning forward to the utmost extent ofher body, held out the paddle as directed.
there was a moment ofsickening suspense, then came a halt, a jerk that seemed to pull herarms half out of the sockets, and the punt swung heavily towards theshore.
the danger was over; she was helped on to the bank, where shecollapsed in a little heap, while ralph worked the punt slowly along tothe jetty and fastened it to its chain.
_the short_ breathing space had allowed darsie to recover her self-possession, to master the overpowering temptation to cry, and to swallowthe lump in her throat sufficiently to be able to say in a weak littlevoice--"you've saved my life!"
"you've spoiled my trousers!"
retorted ralph in a matter-of-fact mannercalculated to put an instant check on sentimentality.
he sat down onthe bank, unfastened his mud-soaked gaiters, and threw them on one side.
"the river's beastly dirty, and the mud sticks like the dickens.
a newsuit, too!
it will never look the same again."
"so you ought to be.
things are bad enough as they are, _but_...  howon earth did you come to be careering about alone in that punt?"
"i was waiting to see your sisters.
i wandered down here, and thoughti'd just sit in it for a rest, then i thought i could just paddle up anddown.
i managed quite well going up the stream; i got as far as thewillow!"
even at that moment a faint note of pride crept into darsie'svoice.
"we grounded there, and i--i must have fallen asleep, i suppose,and that hateful old mill must needs choose the opportunity to beginworking at that very moment...  just my luck!"
ralph pursed his lips in eloquent comment.
"if it comes to that, i think you have had a fair amount of luck inanother way!
i heard the noise of the mill and came down to look on.
if i hadn't been there, you'd have been pretty considerably in queerstreet by this time.
nice thing it would have been for us to discoveryour drowned body in the millpond, and have had to tell your aunt!"
"i thought of that," agreed darsie meekly.
"it was one of my dyingthoughts.
don't scold me, please, for i feel so shaky, and you wouldn'tlike it if i cried.
it was my own fault, and i got what i deserved.
iwasn't a bit frightened till i missed the jetty, but that one moment waslike a hundred years.
did my yell sound very awful?"
"pretty middling blood-curdling!"
replied ralph, smiling.
"good thingit did.
gave me a bit of a shock, i can tell you, to see the old puntdashing down to the gates, with you sitting huddled up in the bottom,with your hair hanging wild, and your face the colour of chalk.
youlooked like a young medusa."
"sounds attractive, i must say!
medusa froze _other_ people's blood,not her own," declared darsie, tilting her chin with a little air ofoffence, at which her companion laughed triumphantly.
"oh, _you're_ better; you're coming round again all right!
i was afraidyou were going to faint.
i don't mind telling you that you were jollyplucky.
most girls would have started screaming miles before, but youheld on like a briton.
how do the arms feel now?
rather rusty at thehinges, i expect.
the stiffness will probably spread to the back by to-morrow, but it'll come all right in time.
it is a pretty good weight,that punt, and i had to pull for all i was worth...  don't you thinkyou'd better come up to the house and have some tea?"
and you can change your clothes, too.
i should feel somiserable if you caught cold."
"no fear of that.
i'm used to splashing in and out of the water half adozen times a day.
you need have no anxiety about me."
"oh, bother the trousers!
i piled that on a bit, just to prevent youfrom getting sentimental.
_they're_ all right!"
ralph paused a moment,then, "i say!"
he cried anxiously, "is this going to get you intotrouble with the aunt?
need you say anything about it, do you think?
i'll swear to secrecy, if you say the word, and not a soul need know."
darsie debated the point thoughtfully while the two walked side by sidealong the gravelled paths, and finally arrived at a conclusion.
"i think, on the whole, i'll tell!
aunt maria allowed me to go outalone as a great concession, and it was mean to take advantage and runrisks.
so upsetting for her if i were killed in her house!
so i'm inhonour bound to confess, and promise not to do it again."
"you might do something else just as bad!
probably she'll withdraw herpermission and keep you under her thumb as she did those first weeks."
"she _may_; but i don't think she _will_!
i think she will appreciatemy confidence," said darsie, with a grandiloquent air, at which hercompanion whistled softly, his face twitching with amusement.
he wasmuch more natural and boyish in his manner than on either of theprevious occasions on which darsie had met him, and the agitation of thelast few minutes seemed to have carried them in a bound past all theformalities of early acquaintance.
"right you are!"
he said briskly.
"i like a straight girl.
but if youdon't mind we won't speak of it before the mater.
she's a bit nervous,and would be always imagining that the girls were going to have the sameexperience.
you might warn lady hayes not to speak of it either.
we'llkeep it a secret between us."
"just as you like!
i _believe_," said darsie shrewdly, "that you'reafraid of being praised and fussed over, as you would be if people knewthat you had saved my life!
men hate a fuss, but you can't escape mygratitude.
i didn't want to die.
it came over me with a sort ofhorror--the thought of leaving the flowers, and the trees, and the bluesky, and all the people i love.
have you ever been so nearly dead toknow how it feels?"
"once--when i had enteric at school.
it was a near squeak at thecrisis."
"and how did you feel?
what did you think?"
"i didn't care a whit one way or another.
i wanted to have the pillowturned.
that seemed a hundred times more important than life or death;i was too ill to think...  well, thank goodness, you are _not_ dead!
ihope you'll live for many years to be a pride and glory to--er--er--theranks of women blue-stockings!"
darsie looked at him sharply.
"the girls have been telling you of my ambitions!
mean of them!
theymight have known you'd scoff.
all boys do, but i fail to see why if agirl has brains she should not use them as well as a man."
"the inference being--""certainly!
i'm unusually clever for my years!"
returned darsieproudly, whereupon they simultaneously burst into a peal of laughter.
"well, you goaded me to it!"
darsie declared in self-vindication.
"ican't stand it when boys are superior.
why must they sneer and jeerbecause a girl wants to go in for the same training as themselves,especially when she has to make her own living afterwards?
in our twocases it's more important for me than for you, for you will be a richlandowner, and i shall be a poor school marm.
you ought to be kind andsympathetic, and do all you can to cheer me on, instead of being loftyand blighting."
ralph percival looked down at her with his handsome, quizzical eyes--"i don't mind betting that _you'll_ never be a school marm!"
he saidcalmly; and at that very moment, round a bend of the path, the two girlscame suddenly into view, trotting briskly towards the river.
they wavedtheir hands, and tore down upon the visitor in lively welcome.
"there you are!
this _is_ nice.
bates said you were in the garden, sowe just flew and changed, and rushed off in pursuit.
so glad you hadralph to amuse you.
the mill's working!
we guessed you'd be therelooking on...""there's nothing to see but the old wheel creaking round.
tea is farmore to the point.
i'm dying for some, and i'm sure--er--miss--er--garnett is, too!
she's had a tiring afternoon."
"er--miss--er--garnett's name is darsie.
you can always call a girl byher christian name till her hair's up," said darsie quickly, and ralphimmediately availed himself of the permission.
"all right, darsie.
it's a jolly little name.
much easier to say."
rather to darsie's disappointment tea was served in the drawing-room informal, grown-up fashion, mrs percival presiding over the little table,with its shining silver and fine old-world china.
there were hot, brownlittle scones, crisp buttered toast, iced cakes, thick cream, and otherindigestible luxuries, which came as an agreeable change from ladyhayes's careful dietary, and darsie was acutely conscious of the beautyand elegance of the room.
how small and poky and drab the home drawing-room would appear in comparison!
how different the outlook on anotherrow of red-brick houses, from the sweep of green lawns, and the avenueof great beech-trees seen through the four long french windows whichbroke the side of this long, low room!
how different her own life promised to be from those of the two girls byher side--the girls who had just returned from a ride on their ownhorses over their own land!
...  they would never need to worry aboutmoney; their role in life for the next few years would consist in beingpretty and agreeable, wearing charming frocks, visiting at friends'houses, travelling in summer, hunting in winter, and, finally, makingsuitable carriages, settling down as mistresses of other luxurioushouses, and living happily ever after!
she herself would study and cram for examination after examination; gothrough agonies of suspense waiting for results, and as she passed orfailed, obtain a good or second-rate appointment in a suburban school.
henceforth work, work, work--teaching by day, correcting exercises bynight, in a deserted schoolroom, with three months' holiday a year spentat home among brothers and sisters whose interests had necessarilydrifted apart from her own!
as the years passed by she would becomestaid and prim; schoolmistressy manner; the girls would speak of her byderisive nicknames...a knifelike pang of envy pierced darsie's heart; she dropped the daintymorsel of cake on to her plate with a feeling of actual physical nausea;for the moment her old ambitions lost their savour, and appeared greyand dead; she was pierced with an overpowering pity for her own hardlot.
the sensation was, perhaps, as much physical as mental, for no one canpass through a moment of acute mental tension without suffering from acorresponding nervous collapse, but being too young and inexperienced torealise as much, darsie mentally heaped ashes on her head, and shedtears over her blighted life.
the signs of her emotion were noticeable,not only in an unusual silence but in whitening cheeks, which broughtupon her the quick attention of her friends.
"aren't you feeling quite well, dear?"
mrs percival asked kindly.
"you look pale.
would you like to lie down?"
"darsie, you are _green_!
what's the matter?
you were all right amoment ago."
"i'm all right now.
please, please, take no notice.
i'm perfectly allright."
noreen was beginning to protest again, when ralph called her sharply toorder--"that's enough, nora!
awfully bad form to fuss.
talk about somethingelse.
what about that garden-party you were discussing?
i thought youwanted to ask suggestions."
instantly both sisters were sparkling with excitement and animation.
"oh, yes, yes.
we must ask darsie.
she has such lovelyideas.
darsie, we are going to have a garden-party.
the invitationsare going out to-morrow.
hundreds of people are coming--mother'sfriends, our friends, everybody's friends, every bowing acquaintance formiles around.
the question of the hour is--_what shall we do_?
garden-parties are such monotonous occasions, always the same over and overagain--people sitting about in their best clothes, eating ices andfruit, listening to a band, and quizzing each other's best clothes.
wewant to hit on a brilliant novelty.
what shall it be?"
darsie mused, her face lighting with pleasure and anticipation.
"i know nothing about garden-parties.
there aren't any in town.
whathave you done before?"
"tennis, croquet, clock-golf, ping-pong, archery, yeomanry sports, bluebands, red bands, black and yellow bands, glee-singers, punch and judy,"ida counted off one item after another on the ringers of her left hand.
"and now we seem to have come to the end of our resources.
we can'tthink of anything else.
do, like a darling, give us an idea!"
the darling deliberated once more, head on one side, lips pursed, eyeson the ceiling, while the percival family looked on, and exchangedfurtive glances of admiration.
she _was_ pretty!
prettier by far thanordinary pretty people, by reason of some picturesque and piquantquality more readily felt than denned.
it didn't seem to matter one bitthat her nose turned up, and that her mouth was several sizes too large.
"if you described me on paper, i'd sound far nicer, but i look a wur-r-rm beside her!"
sighed noreen mentally, just as darsie lowered her eyesto meet those of her hostess, and inquired gravely--"how much may it cost?"
it was the question which accompanied every home plan, and on which hunga momentous importance, but the percivals appeared quite taken aback bythe suggestion.
the girls stared, and their mother smilingly waved itaside.
"oh-h, i don't think we need trouble about that!
it's only once a year,and we must do the thing well.
if you have a suggestion, dear, pleaselet us have it!"
"i was thinking," said darsie hesitatingly, "of a treasure hunt!"
instantly all four hearers acclaimed the idea with such unanimity andfervour that the proposer thereof was quite overpowered by the thankslavished upon her.
"the _very_ thing!
why did we never think of it ourselves?
every onewill like it, and it will keep them moving about, which is always thegreat problem to solve.
presents, presents, lots of presents, stowedaway in odd corners...""we'll each take a certain number and hide them in our _own_ pet cornerswhen no one else is in the garden.
we'll make the parcels up in _green_paper, so as to be less easy to find...""every one must be told to bring them back to the lawn for a grandpublic opening, so that the disappointed ones may join in the fun...""we may take part ourselves, mother?
we _must_ take part!
get lots andlots of presents, and let us hunt with the rest!"
"certainly, dears, certainly.
it is your party as much as mine; ofcourse you must hunt.
i'll run up to town and buy the presents at thestores.
you must help me to think of suitable things.
bags, purses,umbrellas, blotters, manicure-cases--""boxes of french bonbons, belts, scarfs--""cigarettes, brushes--""nice little bits of jewellery--"suggestions poured in thick and fast, and mrs percival jotted them downon a little gold and ivory tablet which hung by her side unperturbed bywhat seemed to darsie the reckless extravagance of their nature.
it wasmost exciting talking over the arrangements for the hunt; most agreeableand soothing to be constantly referred to in the character of author andpraised for cleverness and originality.
darsie entirely forgot the waveof depression which had threatened to upset her composure a few minutesbefore, forgot for the time being the suspense and danger of the earlierafternoon.
some one else, it appeared, however, was more remindful, for when sheprepared to depart the dog-cart stood at the door, and ralph announcedin his most grand seigneur manner--"we're going to drive you back, don't you know!
too awfully fagging tobicycle on a hot afternoon.
put on your hats, girls, and hurry up."
the girls obediently flew upstairs, and darsie's protestation of "mybicycle!"
was silenced with a word.
"the stable-boy shall ride it over to-morrow morning.
you're a bitjumpy still and can't be allowed to run any risks.
i mean to see yousafely back in your aunt's charge."
darsie scrambled up to her high seat and leaned back thereon with anagreeable sense of importance.
"i feel like a cat that's been stroked," she said to herself, smiling.
"when you're one of a large family you are not used to fussing.
i'd like to go in for a long course!"
the invitations for the garden-party arrived in due course: one for ladyhayes, another for miss darsie garnett, and in the corner of each,beside the name of a celebrated military band, appeared the magic words"_treasure hunt_."
darsie felt something of the proud interest of theauthor who beholds in print the maiden effort of his brain, as she gazedupon those words, and reflected that but for her own suggestion theywould never have appeared.
lady hayes also seemed to feel a reflectedpride in her niece's ingenuity, which pride showed itself in a mostagreeable anxiety about the girl's toilette for the occasion.
after a survey of the few simple dresses which composed darsie'swardrobe, it was pronounced that nothing was suitable for garden-partywear, and a dressmaker was summoned from the country town to takemeasurements for a dainty white dress and hat to match.
the dress wasmade to reach right down to the ankles, in deference to lady hayes'sideas of propriety, and darsie felt prodigiously fine and grown-up asshe peacocked about before the long glass of her bedroom wardrobe on theday of the garden-party itself.
never in her life before had shepossessed a gown made by an expert dressmaker, and the result wassurprisingly flattering.
she expatiated on the same with a candourstartling to the audience of aunt and her maid.
"don't i look s-weet?
i'd no idea i was such a nice shape.
idon't know which looks nicest, the frock on me or me in the frock!
aren't i tall?
isn't it graceful when i stand like this, and show thepleats?
the hat's a duck!
i must say i do look most scrumptiouslynice!"
lady hayes looked both shocked and alarmed.
"my dear, how_can_ you?
i shall begin to regret my purchases if they encourage aspirit of vanity.
i was always taught to allow others to praise me andto keep silent myself."
"but you _thought_ all the time, aunt maria, you couldn't help thinking,and it's worse to bottle it up.
i'm always quite candid on the subjectof my appearance," returned darsie calmly.
why shouldyou speak the truth on every other subject, and humbug about that?
wheni've a plain fit i know it, and grovel accordingly, and when i'm nicei'm as pleased as punch.
i _am_ nice to-day, thanks to you and mason,and if other people admire me, why shouldn't i admire myself?
i _like_to admire myself!
it's like the cocoa advertisements, `grateful andcomforting.'
honest ingin, aunt maria!
didn't _you_ admire yourselfwhen you saw yourself in the glass _in_ that ducky grey bonnet?"
evidently the question hit home, for lady hayes made a swift change offront.
"my dear, my dear, moderate your language!
your expressions areunsuitable for a young gentlewoman.
you are growing up.
try, i beg, tocultivate a more ladylike demeanour!"
darsie made a little face at the charming reflection in the glass, thewhich lady hayes wisely affected not to see, and presently aunt andniece were seated side by side in the big old barouche, forming one of aconcourse of vehicles which were converging together out of every crossroad, and turning in a seemingly endless string in the direction of thehall.
shut carriages, open carriages, motors of different sizes andmakes, dog-carts, pony carriages, governess carts--on they came, oneafter another, stirring up the dust of the road till the air seemed fullof a powdery mist, through which unhappy pedestrians ploughed along inthe shadow of the hedgerows, their skirts held high in white-glovedhands.
darsie thought it inhuman of her aunt not to fill the carriage tooverflowing with these unfortunates, but she made no attempt to do so,but sat up stiff and straight in her seat, a typical old lady of theolden times, in her large bonnet, grey satin gown, and richlyembroidered china crape shawl.
"if you're not proud of yourself, i'm proud of you!"
the girl declared,smoothing the satin folds with an approving hand.
"you look just whatyou are, a dear old fairy godmother who pretends to be proud and fierce,and is really a lump of kindness and generosity.
all the other oldladies look dowds beside you."
"don't flatter me, my dear.
i dislike it extremely," returned ladyhayes with such an obvious look of satisfaction the while that darsielaughed in her face, and laughed unreproved.
arrived at the hall, the guests were escorted through the perilouslyslippery hall, on which the mats seemed to turn into fresh pitfalls andslide beneath the feet; then through a side-door on to a miniature lawn,in the centre of which stood mrs percival, sweetly smiling, andejaculating endlessly: "delighted to see you!
_so_ nice of you tocome!"
before passing the visitors on to her husband and children whowere ranged at discreet intervals along the sweep of the lawn.
thegirls whispered dramatically to darsie that for the time being they weretied, literally tied by the heels, so she sat demurely by her aunt'sside under the shade of a great beech-tree, listened to the band, spiltdrops of hot tea down the front of her white dress, buttered the thumbsof her white kid gloves, and discovered the unwelcome but no doubtwholesome fact that there were other girls present who appeared just asattractive, or even more so than herself!
then the band began to playitem number four on the programme, and noreen percival came forward witha sigh of relief.
"at last i am free!
they've all come, or practically all, and we can'twait for the laggards.
the hunt begins at three o'clock.
motherthought we'd better have it early, as it would shake them up and makethem more lively and sociable.
you'll have to search by yourself,darsie, for as we have all done some of the hiding, it wouldn't be fairto us to go about in pairs.
there are piles of presents, and your eyesare so sharp that you are sure to find two or three.
you mustn't openthem on the spot, but bring them up to the cedar lawn, where mother willbe waiting with the old fogies who are too old to run about, but whowould like to see the fun of opening.
i _do hope_ i find the rightthing!
there's the sweetest oxydised buckle with a cairngorm in thecentre that would be the making of my grey dress.
i have set my heartupon it, but i haven't the least notion where it's stowed.
it may evenhave been among my own parcels, and of course i can't go near those...""if i get it, we'll swop!
i wish i knew the garden better.
i don'tknow of _one_ good hiding-place except those i made myself...  perhaps ishan't find anything at all."
keep your eyes open and poke about with your feet andhands, and you can't go wrong.
the paper's just a shade lighter thanthe grass.
noreen flew off again to move a chair for an old lady who wished toescape the rays of the sun, and once more darsie was left to her ownresources.
by her side lady hayes was deep in conversation with anotherold lady on the well-worn subject of a forthcoming agricultural show,and the town-bred visitor, failing to take an intelligent interest inprize carrots and potatoes, turned her attention to the group on theright, where ralph percival was making himself agreeable to threefashionable-looking girls of about her own age.
he wore an immaculate grey suit and a panama hat, and regarding himcritically, darsie felt another shock of surprise at being compelled toadmire a _man_!
hitherto she had regarded the race as useful,intelligent creatures, strictly utilitarian in looks, as in attire, butto-day it was impossible to deny that the beauty was on ralph's sidemore than on that of his companions.
the poise of the tall, slim figurewas so graceful and easy that it was a pleasure to behold; the perfectlines of aquiline nose, and dented chin, the little kink and wave whichrefused to be banished from the clipped hair, the long narrow eyes, andwell-shaped lips made up a whole which was quite startlingly handsomeand attractive.
the three girls looked back at him with undisguisedadmiration and vied with one another in animated conversation, in returnfor which he drawled out slow replies in a tone of languid boredom.
during the fortnight which had elapsed since the date of hermisadventure on the river, darsie had had frequent meetings with thepercivals, and now felt on the footing of a friend rather than anacquaintance.
concerning the girls, there was no question in her mind.
they were dears, not dears of the same calibre as vie and plain hannah,dears of a less interesting, more conventional description, but dearsall the same, lively, good-tempered, and affectionate.
the only brotherwas a far more complex character, with regard to whom darsie changed hermind a dozen times a day.
at one time he was all that was delightful,full of natural, boy-like good-comradeships at another he was a boredand supercilious dandy, looking down on schoolgirls from an intolerableheight of patronage, and evidently priding himself on a _blase_indifference.
the present moment showed him in the latter mood, anddarsie's lips curled as she watched and listened, and in her eyes theredanced a mocking light.
"like a vain, affected girl!"
was the mentalcomment, as her thoughts flew back to harry and russell, uncompromisingand blunt, and to dan vernon in his shaggy strength.
even as thethought passed through her mind ralph turned, met the dancing light ofthe grey eyes, and turned impatiently aside.
he would not look at her,but he could _feel_!
darsie watched with a malicious triumph the flushcreeping slowly over the smooth pale cheek, the hitch of the shoulders,the restless movement of the hands which betrayed the hidden discomfort.
presently some friends came forward to join the three ladies, whenralph immediately joined her with an invitation which sounded more likea command--"come for a walk round the gardens!"
darsie rose, nothing loath, conscious that she was about to be reproved,and finding an agreeable sense of support in her lengthened skirts, andthe semblance of grown-up-ness which they imparted.
"what did you mean by staring at me like that?"
"you know very well.
you did it on purpose to annoy me, and make meuncomfortable."
"oh no, i didn't!
i didn't do anything.
it did itself.
it was justthe outward and visible expression of my inward and invisible thoughts."
"pretty middling disagreeable thoughts they must have been!"
not disagreeable exactly.
hardly strong enough for that.
the flush deepened on the lad's cheek.
unwittingly darsiehad hit upon the most scathing of all indictments.
to be an object of_amusement_ to others!
what could be more lacerating to the dignity ofnineteen years.
"i had no idea that i was being so funny.
will youhave the goodness to point out what you found so amusing?"
"your airs," replied darsie bluntly.
you asked me, youknow, so i'm bound to tell you.
it's so odd to see a boy like that.
but you needn't be cross.
i'm speaking only for myself.
those othergirls liked it very much...  you could see that for yourself."
we are talking of _your_ opinion at the moment, however, notof theirs.
what sort of--er--_boys_ are you accustomed to meet, if onemay ask?"
the strong accent thrown on the word "boys" showed a fresh ground ofcomplaint.
darsie felt a twinge of compunction, remembering the episodeof the punt and her own great cause for gratitude.
the answer came withstartling earnestness.
"not a bit braver than you, nor quicker and cleverer in an emergency.
perhaps not so good.
if you'd hesitated one moment i mightn't have beenhere to criticise.
but, just big, simple boys, not an ounce ofaffectation between them.
of course, they are not handsome.
that makesa difference..."but ralph was not to be mollified by a compliment on his good looks.
hewas irritated, and considered that he had good reason for being so.
darsie garnett was an unusually pretty and attractive girl, and havingsaved her from a perilous position but a fortnight earlier, it had beenan agreeable delusion to imagine himself ensconced for life in herestimation as a gallant young rescuer, the object of her undyinggratitude and admiration--a delusion indeed, since the criticism ofthose mocking eyes was more than equalled by the explicitness of herexplanations!
ralph looked injured and melancholy, and darsie, with characteristicsoftness of heart, was instantly seized with compunction.
she wasfinding out for herself what every one who came in contact with ralphpercival discovered sooner or later--that it was exceedingly difficultto keep up a feeling of offence against any one who showed hisdispleasure in so interesting and attractive a fashion.
he was so handsome, so graceful in movement, he had the art ofconcealing the most ordinary emotions behind a cloak of bafflingsuperiority.
to-day, as he paced the garden paths by darsie's side,ralph wore the air of a lovelorn poet, of a patriot sorrowing for hiscountry, an artist wrestling over a life's masterpiece, like anything oreverything, in fact, but just what he was--a sulky and empty-headedyoung gentleman, wounded in his own conceit!
to her own amazement darsie presently found herself engaged in thehumble position of "making it up," and in taking back one after anothereach disparaging remark which she had made, which, being done, ralphgraciously consented to "think no more about it!"
and strolled off tospeak to a friend, leaving her stranded by herself at the far end of thegarden.
the position would have been an uncomfortable one had it not happenedthat just at that moment a bell rang loudly, followed by a suddengathering together of the guests upon the cedar lawn.
mr percival wasmaking some announcement which was greeted by bursts of approvinglaughter.
the words of the announcement were inaudible to darsie'sears, but the purport was unmistakable.
the treasure hunt had begun!
with one accord the guests turned and streamed in the direction of thegardens, turning to right and to left, peering beneath bushes, pokingdelicately among the foliage of flower-beds with the ferules of walking-sticks and parasols...darsie turned and fled like a lapwing along the path leading past thetennis-lawn and rose and vegetable gardens, to the shaded fern grottowhich formed one of the boundaries of the grounds.
the idea had come toher to begin, so to speak, at the end and have the field to herself,but, as is usually the case, she was to discover that others were asingenious as herself, for she had soon quite a string of followers alongthe narrow paths.
the thickly growing ferns seemed to offer endless hiding-places, but aprinted notice to the effect that "it is not necessary to walk upon thebeds!"
seemed to limit the possible area to that within reach of hand orstick.
darsie poked and peered, lifted the hanging fronds which fellover the rockwork border of the lily pond, stood on tiptoe on the rusticseat to peer between the branches of surrounding trees, but coulddiscover nothing in the semblance of a paper packet.
it was the samestory in the rose garden, though the thick foliage on the pergolasseemed to offer numberless hiding-places for dainty packets, containinggreat gear in little bulk; it was the same story in the wide, herbaceousborder, though pathways on either side offered double opportunities forsearch.
for the first few minutes the search was pursued in almostcomplete silence, but as time went on there came the sound of onetriumphant cry after another, as a busy searcher was rewarded by asudden sight of the longed-for paper wrapping.
darsie's envious eyesbeheld one young girl running gaily past, with no less than threetrophies carried bag-like in the folds of a chiffon scarf.
and she herself had not yet discovered one!
what would the percivalssay if at the end of the hunt she returned empty-handed?
the surprisedincredulity of the girls, the patronising condolences of ralph, seemedin prospect equally unwelcome.
desire for a present itself becamesubservient to anxiety for the credit of her own sharp-sightedness andintuition.
she _must_ and would discover a parcel before the time limitwas past.
the next half-hour passed in a search ever more eager and strenuous, aswith every moment that passed the chance of success diminished.
so manytreasures had already been discovered that darsie began to think with apang that perhaps there were no more to be found.
every third or fourthvisitor seemed to be carrying a trophy; some with airs of would-bemodesty were wending their way back to the cedar lawn carrying as manyas three or four, declaring that really and really they must not lookany more--it was altogether _too_ greedy!
as they passed by the spotwhere darsie pursued her ceaseless search, they would pause with wordsof maddening advice or condolence.
"not found anything yet?
look beneath the leaves..."once ralph passed by and arched his eyebrows in eloquent surprise.
heseemed on the point of offering advice, but darsie whisked off in theopposite direction, to take refuge in the least frequented portion ofthe grounds, the orchard.
only ten minutes left!
the bell of warning was pealing loudly from thecedar lawn, she could hear the merry chatter of the returning guests.
darsie lifted her muslin skirts and ran quickly in and out between thetrees, searching for some hiding-place as yet undiscovered.
the gnarledbranches seemed to offer endless convenient niches, but in none of themcould anything in the shape of a parcel be discovered.
she was on thepoint of abandoning the search and returning empty-handed, when, liftingup a heavy branch, her eyes suddenly lit upon a cavity in the trunk ofone of the oldest trees.
when the branch remained in its ordinaryposition, the hollow was completely hidden from sight; moreover itsposition facing the wall made it doubly invisible.
it hardly seemedpossible that so very obscure a hiding-place would be chosen under thecircumstances, but at this last moment no chance could be neglected.
darsie rolled back her dainty net sleeve, plunged her hand deep into thehollow trunk, and flushed with triumph as her fingers came in contactwith something loose and soft.
it was not a paper parcel, it felt morelike cloth--cloth with knotted ends all ready to pull.
darsie pulledwith a will, found an unexpected weight, put up a second hand to aid thefirst, and with a tug and a cloud of dust brought to light nothing moreexciting than a workman's handkerchief, knotted round a lumpy parcelwhich seemed obviously a midday meal.
it was a disappointment, but the next moment an inherent sense of humourhad discovered its possibilities of the position and gallantly accepteda second best.
since she might not possess a proper present, she could at least be thehappy proprietor of a joke!
into the middle of the ring of guests shewould march, handkerchief bundle in hand, and to her credit wouldremain, if not the greatest applause, at least the biggest laugh of theafternoon!
darsie drew down her sleeve, brushed the top coating of dustfrom the handkerchief, and hurried onwards towards the cedar lawn.
darsie was one of the last guests to arrive upon the final scene of thetreasure hunt, and already the merry process of parcel opening hadbegun.
the young girl who had captured three prizes was on her kneesbefore a garden seat, laying them out in a row to be seen and admired ofall.
gaily dressed women were running about appealing to their malefriends for the loan of penknives to cut the encircling string, and theair was full of the sound of laughter and happy, triumphant voices.
isn't it charming?
_just_ what i wanted!"
darsie stood in the background, her hands clasping her bundle behind herback, so as to screen it from view until the right moment arrived forits production.
the prize-winners were one and all in such a desperatehurry to examine their "finds" that she would not have long to wait, andmeanwhile the scene was delightful to witness.
every one looked gay, and happy and smiling; the many-coloured frocks ofthe women made charming flecks of colour against the sombre green of theold cedar, as they moved to and fro with dazzling, kaleidoscopic effect.
darsie had never even imagined such a scene; it seemed to her more likefairyland than the dull work-a-day world.
she looked on, absorbed in delighted admiration, while one after anotherthe coverings were torn from the dainty packages, and the brilliance ofthe scene was enhanced by the glitter of silver, and glass, and daintypatches of colour.
it would take long, indeed, to write of thetreasures which mrs percival had amassed in that day in town; it seemedto darsie that nothing less than the contents of an entire shop windowcould have supplied so bewildering a variety.
bags, purses, satchels,brushes, manicure-cases, blotters, boxes, cigarette-cases, photographframes, fans, brooches, bracelets, buckles, studs, tie-pins, waistcoatbuttons--wherever the eye turned there seemed something fresh andbeautiful to admire.
after such an aladdin's feast, would not her workman's bundle fall veryflat?
with a sudden access of humility darsie was about to turn tailand put the poor man's dinner back in its hiding-place, when from acrossthe lawn she met ralph's eyes fixed upon her with an expression ofpatronising commiseration.
he was pitying her, because she had comeback empty-handed when sharper eyes had reaped so rich a harvest!
thattouch of superiority made short work of darsie's hesitation.
she wouldshow that she was in no need of pity, that so far from being overpoweredby failure, she remained jaunty and self-confident enough to turn herown disappointment into a joke for the amusement of others!
with headthrown back she marched dramatically forward to the spot where mrspercival stood, the gracious mistress of the ceremonies, and held thebundle towards her in extended hands.
"dear child, what have you there?
a bundle--a workman's bundle!
wherein the world have you discovered that?"
"in the trunk of an old tree, in the orchard near the wall."
"in the orchard?
it belongs most likely to one of the men.
his dinner,i should say, but what an odd place to hide it!
she gave adainty little shake of distaste.
"i should put it away, dear, really!
it is covered with dust."
"it's a very _lumpy_ dinner," said darsie, patting the surface of thebundle with curious fingers.
"i thought perhaps it was a treasure doneup in a different way from the others.
it's heavy, too, far heavierthan bread and cheese.
i can open it, can't i?
just to make sure!"
"oh, certainly, if you like--" assented mrs percival dubiously, anddarsie waited for no further permission, but promptly knelt down on thegrass and set to work to untie the knotted ends of the checkedhandkerchief.
the surrounding guests gathered around in a laughingcircle, being in the gay and gratified frame of mind when anydistraction is met halfway, and ensured of a favourable reception.
whatwas this pretty girl about?
what joke was hidden away in thiscommonplace-looking bundle?
the knot was strongly tied, but darsie's fingers were strong also and ina minute's time it was undone, and the corners of the handkerchiefdropped on the grass to reveal an inner bag of thick grey linen tiedagain round the mouth.
"it _is_ lumpy!"
repeated darsie again; then with a tug the string cameloose, and lifting the bag in her hands, she rained its contents overthe grass.
------------------------------------------------------------------------was it a dream?
was it some fantasy of imagination--some wonderfuleffect of sunshine shining upon hundreds and hundreds of dewdrops, andturning them into scintillating balls of light, catching reflectionsfrom the flowers in yonder beds, and sending dancing rays of red, blue,and green across the grass?
red and blue and green the rainbow dropsgleamed upon the ground, vivid and clear as the loveliest among theblossoms, but possessed of a radiance which no earth flower hadinherited before.
darsie sat back on her heels, her arms, falling slack by her sides, herwide eyes fixed on the ground in a surprise too complete for speech.
nobody spoke; the stupor in her own brain must surely have communicateditself to the guests crowding around, for while one might have countedfifty there was blank, utter silence upon the lawn.
then suddenly camea dramatic interruption; a cry, almost a scream, in a high, femininevoice, and a tall, fashionably dressed woman grasped wildly at adangling chain of stones.
my beautiful, beautiful rubies!
oh, my rubies!"
she burst into excited sobs, a gentleman cameforward and led her gently aside, but her place was immediately taken byother women--white-faced, eager, trembling with anxiety.
oh-h--let me look!
it's the jewels, the lost jewels-- are mydiamonds among them?
do you see a diamond necklace with an emeraldclasp?
oh, _do_, do look!"
they were taken, too.
my sapphires!--"they fell on their knees, regardless of their filmy draperies, andgrasped at one shining treasure after another.
the delicate chains wereknotted together; curved corners of gold had caught in other curvedcorners, so that in some cases half a dozen different ornamentspresented the appearance of one big, bejewelled ball, and it was no easymatter to disentangle one from the other.
the different owners,however, showed a marvellous quickness in recognising even a fragment oftheir lost treasures, and their exultation was somewhat undignified asthey turned and twisted and coaxed the dainty threads, and finallyclasped their lost treasures, safe and sound, and all the time darsiesat back on her heels, with her golden hair hanging in heavy masses overher shoulders, her eyes fixed upon this extraordinary scene, staring--staring!
"darsie, dear child, how can we thank you?"
mrs percival's low voicetrembled with earnestness; she had lifted a long string of pearls fromthe grass, and now held it between both hands, with a transparentpleasure it was true, but without any of the hysteric excitement shownby her guests.
"do you realise all that your workman's bundle contained, or the weightyou have taken off our minds?
it was the thief's bundle, the bundle ofjewels which he stole from the house on the night of the hunt ball,which we have tried so hard to recover!
to think--to think that allthis time they have been hidden close at hand!"
"hidden with a purpose, too!
look at this, evelyn!"
interrupted mrpercival, holding out a corner of the checked handkerchief towards hiswife, with a stern look on his handsome face--"`b.w.'
that's wilson's property!
he was a worse offender than wethought."
that was the young gamekeeper, wasn't it?"
asked another man--the husband of the lady who was still crooning over her recovereddiamonds.
"you thought he had been led away by smart london thieves,but this seems as if he had taken a leading part.
looks, too, as ifthere may have been only himself and forbes in the affair!"
no wonder wilson refused to give the names of his colleagues.
when the chase grew too hot he hid the spoils in this tree--evidentlyan old hiding-place--before climbing the wall.
if he had made clearaway that night we should never have suspected his share in the theft.
he would have turned up as usual next morning, and expressed greatsurprise at the news.
as it is he and forbes are no doubt patientlywaiting until their sentences are out, expecting to slip back some darknight and secure their prey.
from such point of view it is a smallbusiness to serve a few months when there's a fortune waiting at theend!
well, this takes ten years off my back.
i can't tell you how thewhole business has preyed on our minds.
my dear fellow, i am sothankful that your diamonds have turned up!"
"my dear fellow, it was fifteen times worse for you than for us!
a mostuncomfortable position; i congratulate you a hundred times.
just in thenick of time, too.
in a month or so there would have been no bundle todiscover."
a general gasp at once of dismay and relief passed round the littleinner circle of those most nearly interested in the recovered treasures,and the first excitement of recovery having passed, every one seemedbent on lavishing thanks and praises upon the girl through whom thehappy discovery had come about.
"who is she?"
"what is her name?"
"where does she come from?"
the questions buzzed on every side, and theanswer, "lady hayes's grand-niece," served only to enhance existingattractions.
darsie found herself kissed, patted, embraced, called by adozen caressing names by half a dozen fine ladies in turn, during whichprocess every eye on the lawn was turned upon her blushing face.
through a gap in the crowd she could see lady hayes holding as it were asecondary court, being thanked effusively for possessing a grand-niecewith a faculty for recovering jewels, and bowing acknowledgments with abright patch of colour on either cheekbone.
the position was so strangeand bewildering that even yet it seemed more like a dream than reality;that sudden rain of jewels descending from the linen bag was the sort ofthing one might expect in an arabian night adventure rather than in themidst of a decorous english garden-party!
it must surely be inimagination that she, darsie garnett, has been hailed as a good fairy toall these fashionably dressed men and women!
the almost hysteric effusion of the women who kissed and gushed aroundher must surely have something infectious in its nature, since sheherself was beginning to feel an insane inclination to burst into tearsor laughter, it was immaterial which of the two it should be.
darsieturned a quick look around, searching for a way of escape, and at thatmoment noreen's hand pressed on her arm, and she found herself being ledgently towards the house.
"poor old darsie, then!
she looks quite dazed!"
said noreen's voice.
"no wonder, after all that fuss.
you've been kissed to pieces, poordear, and howled over, too.
howling when things are lost,and howling again when they are found!
i've no patience with them; but,oh, my dear, i _do_ bless you for what you've done!
you've no idea howrelieved we shall be.
it was such a _stigma_ to have your guests robbedunder your own roof, and by one of your own men, too.
mother has neverbeen the same since--worried herself into nerves, and fancied every oneblamed her, and thought she'd been careless.
you can't think _how_happy she'll be writing to the people who aren't here to-day tellingthem that their things are found.
she'll feel a new creature."
"i'm so glad.
she's a dear.
wasn't she sweet and dignified among themall?
i'm all churned up.
i thought as i couldn't find atreasure i'd have a little joke on my own account, and after all i foundthe biggest treasure of all, noreen!
how much money were those thingsworth?"
"oh, my dear, don't ask me!
mother's pearls alone are worth threethousand, and that's nothing to the rest.
mrs ferriers' rubies are themost valuable, i believe.
altogether it must be a fortune--to saynothing of the associations.
isn't it strange to think of?
an hour agoyou were a stranger whom scarcely any one knew even by sight, and now ina flash you have become a celebrity, a heroine--the pet of the county!"
it sounds agreeable.
i'll write to-night and tell vievernon, and sign myself `the pet of the county.'
she _will_ beimpressed.
pity it wasn't my own county, where it would be of more use.
i shall probably never see these good people again."
cried noreen derisively.
"no chance of that.
whether youlike it or no, my dear, this day has settled your fate.
you can neverbe a mere acquaintance any more.
you've done us a service which willbind us together as long as we live.
henceforth a bit of you belongs tous, and we'll see that we get it!"
the next week brought with it a succession of bewildering excitements.
from morn till night, as it seemed, the bell rang, and visitors wereushered in to congratulate lady hayes and her niece on the happy episodeof the jewel-finding, and to repeat _ad infinitum_ the same questions,ejaculations, and remarks.
people who had no personal interest in thetheft seemed, strangely enough, quite as excited and curious as thosewho had; and even when their curiosity was satisfied there stillremained the servants in the house, the tradesmen in the village, thevery children in the roads, who seemed one and all possessed with athirst to hear the romantic story from the lips of the heroine herself.
then letters from relations and friends!
however minutely one mightretail every incident, there still seemed an endless number of detailswhich remained to be told to people who could not be satisfied withoutknowing in each case what _he_ said, how _she_ looked, how _you_yourself felt and behaved!
the first three days were spent in talk; onthe fourth began a second and still more exciting stage.
the bell rang,a small, daintily tied parcel was handed in for miss garnett, whichbeing unwrapped revealed a red velvet jeweller's box, and within that asmall heart-shaped pendant, slung on a gold chain, and composed of onelarge and several small rubies, set transparently, so as to show toadvantage their glowing rosy light.
an accompanying card bore theinscription, "a small expression of gratitude from mrs eustaceferriers"; but even this proof was hardly sufficient to convince darsiethat such splendour was really for her own possession.
can she _mean_ it?
is it really to keep?"
"certainly, my dear.
it is quite natural that mrs ferriersshould wish to give you some little remembrance as you were the means ofrestoring a valuable heirloom.
it is a good stone.
you must be carefulnot to lose it."
"is it valuable, aunt maria--worth a lot of money?"
"it is a pretty ornament, my dear.
do not look a gift horse in themouth."
it was all very well for aunt maria, a titled lady with a box full ofjewels of her own, to take things calmly, but for a member of a poorlarge family to receive a ruby pendant was a petrifying experience, onlyto be credited by a continual opening of the box and holding of it inone's hand to gaze upon its splendours.
and then the very next morningthe bell rang again, and in came another parcel, another jeweller's box,and inside it a blue enamelled watch with an encircling glitter of lightwhere a family of tiny diamonds formed a border round the edge.
therewas an enamel bow also to fasten it on to a dress, but darsie fairlyquaked at the thought of the responsibility of wearing so gorgeous anornament.
"that will do for mother," she announced decidedly.
"it wouldn't be_decent_ for me to flaunt about in enamel and diamonds when she has anold gold thing that is always slow.
besides, if she wears it i canwatch the diamonds flash, and that is the best part of the fun.
auntmaria, that's two!
do you suppose, should you imagine, that they'll_all_--"lady hayes looked shocked, as in duty bound.
"my dear, i don't suppose anything about it.
that is not our affair.
it is sufficient that these two friends have been most kind andgenerous, and that you ought to be a very grateful girl.
surmises as tofuture gifts are in the worst possible taste."
darsie wrinkled her nose and sat in silence for several moments, movingthe little watch to and fro to catch the play of light upon the stones.
then suddenly she spoke again--"aunt maria, what are your ideas with regard to _luck_?"
"i have none, my dear.
i don't believe in its existence!"
"but you must, aunt maria.
it was the merest luck my seeingthat hole, and thinking of feeling inside, but it seems as if it weregoing to have such big consequences.
just in a moment it has brought memore influential friends than most girls meet with in the whole of theirlives.
they are all grateful to me; they feel that i have helped them;they want to help me in return; but after all there's no credit to me,it was all done without one scrap of thought or trouble.
it seems hardto think that many people work and slave for years, and fail to gain aquarter as much as i have done by just pure luck!"
"don't be so sweeping in your assertions, child.
these are early daysyet to talk about results.
when you come to my age, my dear, you willlook back and realise that those who go through life in the right spiritare never left to the mercy of what you call `luck.'
`submit thy wayunto the lord, and _he_ will direct thy path.'
i am an old woman,darsie, but i can say from my heart that goodness and mercy havefollowed me all the days of my life."
darsie sat gazing thoughtfully into her aunt's face.
within the lastweeks a degree of intimacy had developed between the old woman and thegirl, which made it possible for the latter to speak out more openlythan she would have believed possible a short month before.
"aunt maria," she said slowly, "i wish you would explain...  you talk ofgoodness and mercy, but--don't be shocked!--it doesn't seem to me thatyou have so _much_ to be thankful for!
...  you are rich, of course, butthat doesn't count for much by itself, and your life must have beenhard...  you are delicate, and your husband died, and you have nochildren--no one to live with you in this big house.
now when you _are_old you are so lonely that you are glad to have me--a girl like me--fora few weeks' visit!
when i go away you will be lonely again..."a tremor passed over lady hayes's face; the thin fingers crossed anduncrossed themselves on her lap, but she smiled, a brave and patientsmile.
"you are right, darsie.
i have had bitter trials, neverthelessi have gained the greatest treasure that is given to any one on thisearth."
"what is that, aunt maria?"
"peace in my soul, child--`the peace of god, which passethunderstanding,'" said the old woman solemnly.
there was silence in the room.
darsie bent her head, awed and touchedby the sound of those wondrous words.
a month ago, at home with herbrothers and sisters, she would have scoffed at the idea of peace inconnection with great-aunt maria, but a closer intimacy had altered heropinion.
about the trifling affairs of every day aunt maria continuedto fuss.
no one could deny for a moment that she fussed; but the bigdemands of life found her calm, serene, prepared.
on the surface thewaters might dash occasionally into foam, but the deep, strong currentbore steadily towards the sea!
darsie pondered, and as though divining the course of her thoughts, ladyhayes spoke once more.
"perhaps that appears to you a serious statement for me to make, sincethere are times when i must appear a very unpeaceful person.
i am aptto be unduly concerned about trifles, to my own exhaustion and that ofothers.
i am aware of the fact, and also that to one of your impetuousdisposition such a failing must be particularly trying.
nevertheless,darsie,"--the old voice deepened impressively--"_the peace is there_!"
slowly, thoughtfully darsie bowed her head.
"yes, i know.
i've _felt_ it.
it has made me ashamed.
the human partof you may get out of hand sometimes, but you are _very_ nearly anangel, aunt maria.
you haven't much more to learn!"
lady hayes shook her head, but her hand fell on darsie's head with atender touch, and a light shone in the tired eyes.
the lonely heart wasgrateful for those words of encouragement.
darsie's surmise that still more presents might arrive was justified bythe delivery of three more packets--a dainty little pearl necklace frommrs percival, a turquoise and diamond ring (oh, the rapture of owning areal ring of one's very own!)
and a combination present of a jewelledbangle from three other ladies who had benefited by the lucky find.
thus in one short week had darsie's jewellery risen from a total whichshe herself described as consisting of "a few glass beads and a goldsafety-pin" to five separate articles of real beauty and value.
she was fond of spreading her treasures in a row on the table and gazingat them _en bulk_, moving her head from side to side to enjoy theflashing colours of the stones, and as she did so lady hayes was morethan surprised by a mercenary element which seemed out of keeping withthe girl's natural character.
"rubies are the most valuable stones, aren't they, aunt maria--morevaluable than diamonds?"
"if they are of the right colour and depth, and of sufficient size."
"you said this was a good stone.
it's a ripping colour.
i should thinkthis must be a valuable stone, wouldn't you?"
"i prefer not to speculate on the subject, child."
or again--"i should think this watch was worth lots of money.
i have justcounted, and there are forty diamonds, teenies, of course, but still--and the enamel is so fine.
my bracelet has five _big_ diamonds, and awhole heap of pearls; and there's the necklace, too.
should you think,aunt maria, that they were worth a hundred pounds put together?"
lady hayes laid down her knitting, and stared with stony eyes into thegirl's face.
"i have told you before, darsie, that i excessively dislike surmises asto the value of presents.
i am surprised and disappointed to discoversigns of an avaricious and grasping nature!"
to her surprise and dismay the only reply to this serious aspersion wasa good-natured laugh.
"goodness gracious, mercy on us!"
cried darsie audaciously.
"i'm badenough, in all conscience, but i'm not _that_!
not a grasp in me!
youask any one at home, and they'll tell you i'm quite stupidly generous.
it's not the money for the money's sake, i think of, but for what itwill _do_!
i've no use for jewels, aunt maria--shan't ever have achance of wearing them, like noreen and ida.
imagine a daily governessglittering with gems!
but if only--only i could turn them into money,it might fulfil the big ambition of my life and send me to newnham,without troubling father for a penny!
can you wonder that i feelimpatient with watches and chains when i think of _that_?"
"i am sorry, my dear.
i did not understand.
said ladyhayes promptly.
it was this unfailing sense of justice, combined withthe dignity which never forsook her under any stress of excitement oragitation, which had been most largely instrumental in attracting thegirl's admiration.
from the impetuous standpoint of youth it seemed analmost inhuman pinnacle of perfection, but darsie was quite determinedthat at some far-distant elderly epoch--say, in thirty years' time--shewould begin practising these virtues on her own account.
they seemedthe only decorous accompaniment of white hair and spectacles.
she stretched out a sunburnt hand and patted the old lady's shoulderwith an affectionate touch.
it _did_ seem greedy, and of course youcouldn't guess.
you see, it's particularly hard because plain ha-hannah vernon, i mean--is going up, and that seems to make it worse forme.
her father is richer than ours, and he believes in highereducation, so it's all settled that she is to go to newnham, and shetalks about it all the time, and pities me when she's in a good temper,and brags when she's not.
and dan would be at cambridge, too, and ralphpercival, and, oh dear, oh dear, we'd have such _sport_!
balls, andpicnics, and cocoa parties, and boating in summer--no end of lovelyexciting pranks!"
"excuse me, my dear,"--lady hayes was frosty again, staring stonily overthe rim of her spectacles--"excuse me, but would you kindly explain forwhat reason you are anxious to go to cambridge?
i had imagined that itwas for education, now it appears that balls and picnics are theattraction.
which of the two is it of which you are really thinking?"
"oh, aunt maria, i'm a human girl!
cried darsie, laughing.
"education first, of course, because of the result, and all it will meanafterwards, but if you want the truth, i shouldn't be so keen if itwasn't for the fun!
we know a girl who's just come down, and it soundssuch a lovely life...  i'd work hard; i love work, and when there is anyon hand there's no peace for me till it's done; but _wouldn't_ i justplay, too!
it would be the time of my life.
oh, aunt maria, when ilook at the governesses at school, and think that i'm going to be likethat all my days, it _does_ seem hard that i shouldn't have just two orthree years _first_ of the life i want!"
the words, the tone, both bore a touch of real pathos; nevertheless ladyhayes smiled, as if, so far from being pained by the sad prospect, shefound something amusing in the contemplation.
"it is a mistake to look too far ahead in life, but of course if youcontemplate teaching, you ought to be thoroughly equipped."
she wassilent for a moment, gazing thoughtfully through the window.
then in alevel, perfectly commonplace voice she continued: "i shall be pleased,my dear, to defray the expenses of your course at newnham..."the manner in which our great ambitions in life meet their realisationis always and inevitably other than we have imagined.
sometimes so manyyears have passed by since the dreaming of the cherished plans, that theeager spirit is transformed into a wearied and dispirited being, to whomfulfilment brings no joy; sometimes it comes freighted withcomplications which rob it of half its zest; sometimes it brings nocharm at all, but only bitterness and disappointment; and again--oh,often again, thank god for his mercies!--it comes at the moment ofhopelessness, of renunciation, dazzling the eyes and heart with a veryincredulity of joy.
those few quiet words in an old woman's voice transformed for darsiegarnett the whole path ahead, making what had seemed a far-away visionbecome a solid, tangible fact.
quietly, prosaically, without anynourish of trumpets, the great prize of life had been handed into hergrasp.
she sat motionless, staring with distended eyes, while lady hayescontinued to speak in calm, even tones.
"i should like to explain to you, my dear, that i am not as rich a womanas i appear.
it was my dear husband's wish that i should continue tooccupy this house for the term of my life, but after that it passes tohis relations.
it is an expensive place to keep up, and leaves littlemargin out of the income which goes with it.
i cannot save as i shouldhave wished, and my own property is not large.
when it is divided amongmy various nephews and nieces, there will not be much for each.
ishould like to have done more for your father, as he has a large familyto provide for, but it is impossible.
in your case, however, you havedone me a kindness in spending these weeks with me when i neededcompanionship--and, i think, we are good friends!
i can spare a fewhundreds to give you your training _and_ your fun--and it will be apleasure to me to do so.
i will make a formal arrangement in my will sothat in the case of my--so that in any case the money may beforthcoming.
so, my dear, you may look upon the matter as settled, andmake your arrangements accordingly."
darsie put her hands to her head.
her cheeks were white, but around hereyes and nose an increasing pinkness of hue betrayed the inward struggleof emotion.
"i'm going to cry!
i'm going to cry!"
and when lady hayesbegan a protest, "oh, aunt maria, don't, _don't_ be proper!"
"i can't bear it just now.
please, please let me thank youin my own way!
i must howl!
i'm all seething and churningwith emotion, and if i don't cry i shall burst; but oh, i _do_ loveyou--i adore you--i shall worship you until my dying day...  you'll belike a saint to me.
i'll put you up on a pedestal and burn incense toyou every day of my life.
if you _knew_ what it meant!
and i've beenso mean and hateful--such a contemptible little worm!
oh, if i lived ahundred thousand years, i could never repay you for this!"
"my dear, does it strike you that you are talking in a very wild,exaggerated fashion?"
"i am, i am!
girls _do_, aunt maria, when they are off their heads withjoy.
wild, i mean, not exaggerated--i mean it, every word.
oh, i_must_ hug you.
never mind your cap; i must give you a bear hug, if idie for it.
dear, dearest, kindest, best--"the old lady's stiff, upright figure disappeared bodily within theswooping arms; she was squeezed, hugged, rocked to and fro, and peltedwith kisses until she was speechless and gasping for breath.
when shewas released her cap was askew, and the muslin folds in the front of hergown crumpled out of recognition; but for a marvel she spoke no word ofreproach, and darsie saw, with a sobering thrill, a glitter as of tearsin the old eyes, and the mental question which arose at the sight wasanswered with intuitive sharpness.
it was so long since she had beenhugged before, so many, many years since anything more than aconventional peck had been pressed upon her cheek!
old, stern, properas she was, aunt maria loved to be loved!
for the rest of the morning darsie was as subdued and gentle in manneras she had hitherto been boisterous.
the future was discussed indetail, and plans made which revolutionised more and more her futurelife, for lady hayes seemed to take for granted that in taking uponherself the responsibility for the girl's education she had earned acertain right to her society.
such phrases as "and in the holiday-timewe can discuss," "when you are here in the summer vacation," "i shalllook forward to hearing your descriptions," could not be misunderstood,but for the moment the big gain outweighed the loss, and darsie smiledon unperturbed.
in time to come the sacrifice of merry family holidayswould of a certainty demand its toll of suffering, but why encouragetrouble that lay ahead when the present was so blissfully full ofcontentment?
when lunch was over darsie tucked her hostess on the sofa, and hailedwith delight the opportunity of a free hour in which to dreamuninterrupted over the wonderful development of the day.
"i'll go out and walk it off.
i'll rush down to the village andtelegraph home.
i can't possibly wait to write.
how can i put it sothat it will be plain enough and not too plain?
`i'moff to newnham college in the morning!'
`plans for newnhamsatisfactorily arranged.
break news to hannah.'
_won't_ they stare!
it's a blessing that neither clemence nor lavender would care to go ifthey had the chance, so they won't be jealous, but hannah _will_ jump.
and dan--what will dan say?
it is good luck knowing the boys so well.
we'll make them take us about.
to think that i was so furious andrebellious about this visit, and that it should have ended like this!
it will be a lesson to me for life!"
it was very pleasant to ride through the sweet smelling lanes on thisbright summer afternoon; very pleasant work sending off that telegram tothe parents at the seaside, and drawing mental pictures of theexcitement and rejoicings which would follow its arrival; pleasant tomeet on every side kindly, interested glances, and to realise that ifshe were, as noreen had declared, "the pet of the county," she wasassuredly also "the heroine of the village."
it was a temptation to linger in the quaint little streets; but on thisafternoon of all others darsie was anxious not to be late for tea, so,with a sigh of regret, she turned up a side lane leading to the fieldpath to the manor, and in so doing came face to face with ralphpercival, who, in his lightest and most sporting attire, was escorting apack of dogs for an airing.
there was the big silky-haired collie whomdarsie loved, the splay-footed dachshund which she hated, the hugemastiff which she feared, with one or two terriers of different breeds--alert, friendly, and gentle-eyed.
one and all came sniffing round heras their master stopped to shake hands, and she stood up stiff andstraight, trying to look at ease, and as if she were not really inmomentary terror of an attack upon her ankles and skirts.
"how are you?
still living in a shower of jewels?"
"i _have_ been, but it's clearing off!
the combination braceletfinished the list.
now i'm beginning to live in fear of anotherburglary, on myself.
it will be a relief to get the things distributed.
mother is to have the watch, clemence the pendant, lavender the brooch,and i am going to be greedy and keep the bracelet and necklace and ringfor myself."
"what a miser!"
cried ralph, laughing.
his grey eyes looked veryhandsome and agreeable lit up with the twinkling light of amusement, anddarsie's spirits rose still a degree higher as he whistled to the dogsand turned round with the evident intention of accompanying her home.
"we'll come along with you.
it doesn't matter where we go so long as wehave a run.
bound for the manor, i suppose?
how's the old lady?
in agood humour, i should say.
you look particularly full of beams thisafternoon!"
"i am--brimming over!
you see before you, kind sir, the touchingspectacle of a young female who has not a single ungratified wish in theworld, and is so happy that she doesn't know how to preserve a decentappearance of calm.
it's the more extraordinary because she usuallywants quite a lot."
ralph's eyebrows went up in expressive disdain.
you don't say so!
glad to hear it, i'm shaw!
the kinddonors would be much gratified to know of the magic effect of theirgifts.
i wonder, under the circumstances, that you could bear to partfrom any of them!"
the words were spoken in his most drawling and superior voice, andbrought the blood rushing into darsie's cheeks.
she stood still in themiddle of the road, and glared at him with flashing eyes.
what a disagreeable mind you must have, to think suchmean, contemptible thoughts!
bother the jewellery!
it may go tojericho for all i care.
i'm happy for a very different reason.
auntmaria has just promised to pay for me to go to newnham, and that hasbeen the dream of my life.
there's nothing to sneer at, you see, thoughperhaps _you_ can manage to be superior even about that!"
i hate blue-stockings," said ralph calmly, but his eyestwinkled as he spoke, and in spite of herself darsie was obliged tosmile in response.
"and i hate narrow-minded, prejudiced young men!
you've put mein a bad temper on this day of days, just when i felt that i could neverbe cross again.
i'll forgive you only because it's impossible to go_on_ being cross.
i've just been to the post-office to telegraph thegreat news to my people at the seaside.
they'll be wild withexcitement, especially my chum who will be going up at the same time,hannah vernon--`plain hannah' we call her.
funny nickname, isn't it?"
voice and expression were alike so expressivethat darsie went off into a merry trill of laughter, as she hastened totake up the cudgels in plain hannah's defence.
"she doesn't care a bit.
jokes about it with the rest.
and she is sofunnily ugly that it's really rather dear.
she'll be afirst-class girl, you'll see if she isn't.
i shall be nowhere besideher, but i'm going to _grind_.
let me see: if we go up in three years'time, when we're eighteen, how long will you have left of your course?"
"perhaps a year, perhaps two.
depends upon how soon i go up.
it isn'tas if i had to go in for a profession or anything of that kind.
i shallspend my life looking after the property, and there's no particular needto swot for that."
"i hate loafers," said darsie in her turn, then once more relented andsaid genially, "but i don't believe you mean half that you say.
anyway,i shall look forward to meeting you at cambridge, and i hope you areprepared to be kind, and to be ready to return the good offices which ihave been able to render to your respected family."
what do you want me to do?"
"to be nice to me at cambridge!
i shall be a shy, lone fresher, and youcan make things much livelier for me if you like.
i want you to like!
dan vernon will be there, too, but he's so serious and clever that hewon't be much good for the _fun_ part.
i want you to promise not to besuperior and proud, but a real friend to take us about, and dance withus at the balls, and get up picnics on the river.
i can manage the workpart for myself, but i want some help for the fun!"
she expected an instant response, but ralph was too cautious to be drawninto rash promises.
"er--what exactly do you mean by `we'?"
"myself and my chum, of course--hannah vernon."
ralph shook his handsome head.
"i make no promise as regards plain hannah.
i'm not particularlypartial to plain hannahs, but i'll do my level best for darsie garnett.
you can count upon me to do my best to give you a rattlinggood time."
darsie regarded him doubtfully, reflected that it was wisdom to acceptwhat one could get, and smiled a gracious approval.
then it's a promise?"
they laughed again.
the dogs leaped in the air and barked with delight.
everything and every one seemed happy to-day.
darsie felt that if shelived to be a hundred she could never, by any possibility, reach ahigher pinnacle of content.
"is your trunk ready, darsie?
are you ready to come down?
lunch is onthe table and we're all waiting.
have you fitted everything in?
ohdear, oh dear, how bleak and bare the room does look!
i shall neverhave the heart to enter it after you're gone."
clemence garnett, aged twenty years, gave a pitiful glance round thedismantled room, which a few hours before had been decorated with themany and varied objects which were darsie's treasures.
she looked atthe wooden wardrobe, the doors of which swung wide, showing a row ofempty pegs, at the scattering of paper and rejected ends of ribbon andlace which littered the floor, and finally back at the figure of darsieherself, kneeling before the great black trunk, with her golden hairruffling round a flushed, eager face.
"sit on it, clemence, like a lamb.
it's _got_ to meet, but it's inchesapart still.
sit down with a flop, and be your heaviest, while i fightwith the lock."
"better take something out.
if you make it so full, it may burst half-way.
how would you like that?"
"not much; but better than leaving anything behind.
it wouldn't dare toburst after costing so much money.
you're a prettysubstantial weight, my dear.
now then for lunch and a rest; i've had aterrific morning."
darsie rose to her feet and stood for a moment before the mirror,putting a tidying touch to hair and dress.
she was a tall, slim girl,nearly a head taller than the more substantial clemence, and the easygrace which characterised her movements was the first thing whichattracted an unaccustomed eye.
even clemence, with perceptions dulledby custom, felt dimly that it was an agreeable thing to watch darsiebrush her hair and shake out her skirts, though in another person suchacts would be prosaic and tiresome.
the crisp hair needed nothing but abrush and a pat to settle itself into a becoming halo of waves, and thesmall face on the long white neck had a quaint, kitten-like charm.
clemence looked from the real darsie to the reflected darsie in theglass, and felt a sudden knife-like pang.
"oh, how i _hate_ you going!
how dull it will be.
why _couldn't_ yoube content to stay at home instead of taking up this newnham craze?
ishall miss you hideously, darsie!"
darsie smiled involuntarily, then nobly tried to look sad.
"i expect you will, but one grown-up at home is as much as we canafford, and there'll be lovely long vacs.
you must think of those, andthe letters, and coming up to see me sometimes, and term time will passin a flash.
i'll be back before you realise that i'm gone."
clemence pouted in sulky denial.
"nothing of the sort.
it will seem an age.
it's easy to talk!
peoplewho go away have all the fun and excitement and novelty; it's the poorstay-at-homes who are to be pitied.
how would you like to be me,sitting down to-morrow morning to darn the socks?"
"poor old clem!"
said darsie lightly.
a moment later, with relentingcandour, she added: "you'll like it a lot better than being examined bya cambridge coach!
so don't grouse, my dear; we've both got the work welike best--come down to lunch, and let's see what mother has providedfor my go-away meal!"
darsie slid a hand through clemence's arm as she spoke and the twosisters squeezed down the narrow staircase, glad in their english,undemonstrative fashion of the close contact which an inherent shynesswould have forbidden except in this accidental fashion.
across the oil-clothed passage they went, into the red-walled dining-room, where theother members of the family waited their arrival.
mrs garnett smiled at the traveller with a tinge of wistfulness on herface; the four young people stared, with a curiosity oddly infused withrespect.
a girl who was on the eve of starting for college had soaredhigh above the level of ordinary school.
lavender, at "nearlyseventeen," wore her fair locks tied back with a broad black ribbon; herskirts reached to her ankles; she was thin and angular; her head wasperpetually thrust forward, and a pair of spectacles were wornperpetually over the bridge of her pointed little nose.
the descriptiondoes not sound attractive, yet in some mysterious manner, and despiteall drawbacks, lavender _did_ manage to be attractive, and had a selectband of followers at school who practised stoops and poked-out heads outof sheer admiration of her defects.
harry's voice was beginning to croak, which, taken together with adawning passion for socks, ties, and brilliantine, was an unmistakablesign of growing up; russell was preternaturally thin and looked all armsand legs; while tim had forsaken knickers for full-fledged trousers, andresented any attempt at petting as an insufferable offence.
one and all were on their best company manners on the occasion ofdarsie's last lunch, and the most honeyed replies took the place of theusual somewhat stormy skirmish of wits; nevertheless, there was auniversal feeling of relief when the meal was over, and a peal at thebell announced the arrival of the cab which was to convey darsie and agirl companion on the first stage of their journey.
if anything could have added to darsie's joy in the fulfilment of alifelong ambition, it would have been the fact that hannah vernon was tobe her companion at newnham, as she had been through the earlierschooldays.
all the vernon family were dears of the first water, andmight have been specially created to meet the needs of their neighbours,the garnetts.
it is true that the vernons possessed the enviableadvantage of a big grown-up brother, but when the garnetts feltparticularly tried on this score, they sought comfort from thereflection that a brother so solemn and scholarly, so reserved andunresponsive, hardly counted as a brother at all.
dan was already inthe second year of his cambridge course, and was expected to do greatthings before he left.
so far as such a sober person could be madeuseful, darsie garnett intended to use him towards the furtherance ofher own enjoyment of the new life.
for the rest, vie, the eldest daughter of the vernon household, was thesworn ally and confidante of clemence, and john, the younger son, was inhimself such a tower of mischievous strength that the garnett trio satat his feet.
last, but certainly not least, came hannah, and hannahwas--darsie would have found it an almost impossible task to describe"plain hannah" to an unfortunate who had not the honour of heracquaintance.
hannah was hannah, a being distinct by herself--absolutely different from any one else.
to begin with, she wasextraordinarily plain; but, so far from grieving over the fact, hannahwore it proudly as the foremost feather in her cap.
it was she herself who had originated and sanctioned the continued useof the sobriquet, which had its origin in a juvenile answer given byherself to a stranger who inquired her name.
now hannah was the only member of the family who was limited to onecognomen, so she answered unthinkingly, "hannah; _plain_ hannah!"
andinstantly descrying the twinkling appreciation in that stranger's eyes,she twinkled herself, and henceforth led the adoption of the title.
long use had almost deadened its meaning in the ears of the family, butstrangers still suffered at the hearing.
plain hannah's face peered cheerily out of the cab window, her littleeyes twinkled merrily, her preposterous eyebrows arched in derision ofthe melancholy group upon the doorsteps.
no one dared shed a tear whenshe was so evidently on the watch for any sign of weakness, sentimentalfarewells were checked upon the speaker's lips, and the whole businessof parting assumed a lighter, a more matter-of-fact air.
a second big box was hoisted on to the cab roof, a few kissesshamefacedly exchanged, and then the travellers were off, and nothingremained to the watchers but to trail drearily back into a house fromwhich half the brightness seemed to have departed.
well might clemence say that the worst pain of a parting fell on thosewho were left behind!
while the stay-at-homes struggled heavily througha long afternoon, in every moment of which the feeling of loss becameeven more acute, darsie and plain hannah were enjoying one of the mostexciting experiences of their lives.
in spite of an almost lifelong interest in cambridge, neither girl hadas yet visited the town itself, so that each incident of the journey wasfull of interest and excitement.
the station was disappointingly likeother stations, and they had abundant opportunity of examining it atleisure, since the porters rushed in a body to attend to the malestudents who had arrived at the same time, and who could be trusted togive larger tips than their female companions.
the drive through thestreets also fell short of expectations; but, after all, cambridge meantnewnham, and there could be no disappointment there!
peered at throughthe cab window, the building appeared unexpectedly large and imposing.
it gave one a thrill of importance to realise that for the next threeyears one would be part and parcel of its life, an inhabitant of itsgreat halls.
the cabman descended from the box and rang a peal at the bell, and itcame as something as a shock to see an ordinary-looking maid throw openthe door, though what exactly they had imagined the girls would havefound it difficult to say.
the maid inquired their names, led themforward through a long corridor, and flung open the door of a sitting-room where a lady sat before a desk.
it was a pretty, cheerful-lookingapartment, full of flowers, books, pictures, and quaint old-worldfurniture, and the lady herself looked so much like other middle-agedladies, that if you had not known it you would never have suspected herof being the vice-president of a women's college.
she was kind and agreeable.
she shook hands, and hoped you were well;hoped you had had a pleasant journey, hoped you would be happy incollege, hoped you would like your rooms; but there was a certainmechanical quality in her voice which betrayed the fact that she hadsaid the same thing over and over again on innumerable occasions, wouldsay it twenty times or more this very afternoon, and that your ownpersonal arrival left her perfectly calm and cool.
the girls stuttered and stammered in response, felt vaguely crestfallen,and worried as to what they should do next, but the vice herself was inno doubt.
"she hoped they were ready for tea," and with a wave of thehand summoned the maid to lead them a stage forward on their journey.
the second stage deposited the new-comers in the dining-hall, where teawas already in progress, and about a dozen disconsolate-looking fresherswere munching at bread-and-butter and cake in a silence which could befelt.
apparently darsie and hannah were the only ones of the numberlucky enough to have come up in pairs, but even their tried powers ofspeech were paralysed beneath the spell of that terrible silence, andstill more so by the relentless scrutiny of those twelve pairs of eyes.
and how those freshers _did_ stare!
the whites of their eyes positivelyshone, as with one accord the pupils turned towards the opening door.
they had been stared at themselves, had come through the ordeal of beingthe last arrival; now, with thanksgiving, they were revenging themselvesupon fresh victims!
darsie felt a horrible certainty that she woulddrop her cup, and spill the tea over the floor; plain hannah munched andmunched, and looked plainer than ever, with her shoulders half-way up toher ears and her chin burrowed in her necktie.
presently the door opened again, and another fresher entered, cast afrightened glance around, and subsided on to the nearest chair, whileevery eye turned to gaze upon her, in her turn.
this programme wasenacted several times over before darsie and hannah had finished tea,and were ready to be escorted to the upstairs apartments, which were toact as bedroom and study combined.
mercifully the rooms were close together, so that, leaving darsie half-way along the corridor, the maid could point to a door near at hand,where she could join her friend when her inspection was complete.
sheentered with the feeling of one on the threshold of a new life, andstood gazing around in mingled disappointment and delight.
the firstimpression was of bareness and severity, an effect caused by the absenceof picture or ornament of any kind.
a small white bed stood in onecorner; a curtain draped another, acting as a substitute for a wardrobe;a very inadequate screen essayed unsuccessfully to conceal a woodenwashstand, and a small square of glass discouraged vanity on the part ofan occupant.
so far, bad!
but, on the other hand, the room containedinexpensive luxuries, in the shape of an old oak chest, a bureau, astanding bookcase, and a really comfortable wicker chair.
darsie could hardly believe that these treasures were meant for her ownuse; it seemed more likely that they had belonged to a former student,who would presently demand their return.
she was sorrowfully resigningherself to this contingency when the door burst open, and in rushedhannah, aglow with excitement.
"i've got a chest, and a bookcase, and a bu--"her eyes rounded with surprise.
so have you--i thought i _was_swag!
do you suppose it's the usual thing?"
topping for us if it is.
but the screen's a wretch, andthe walls will need a _lot_ of covering.
my few mites of pictures willgo nowhere.
there's not _too_ much room for our clothes, either.
we'dbetter unpack, i suppose, and get out things for dinner.
what are yougoing to wear?"
"oh, something--whatever comes handy," replied plain hannah in her mostcasual manner.
the subject seemed to her of infinitesimal importance; but darsie wentthrough many agitations of mind before she decided on a high-neckedsummer frock, and then suffered still keener pangs because, ondescending to hall, several freshers were discovered in full eveningdress, and, in her imagination at least, eyed her lace yoke withdisdain.
dinner was almost as silent as tea--an ordeal of curious, appraisingeyes, as each fresher continued to stare at every other fresher,condemning her mentally for want of frankness and kindliness, whileutterly neglecting to practise these virtues on her own account.
thenone by one the girls slunk upstairs, tired, shy, and homesick, and creptgratefully into their narrow beds.
sleep was long in coming to darsie garnett that night: she lay awakehour after hour, living over again in thought the events of the lastthree years.
first and foremost her thoughts went back to the old great-aunt to whosegenerosity she owed the present fulfilment of her ambition.
until ladyhayes's death, a year ago, darsie had spent the major part of herholidays at the towers, and the friendship between the old woman and thegirl had developed into a very real affection.
it had been a wonderful experience, darsie reflected, to watch thegradual mellowing of character, the patient endurance of suffering, thepeaceful death which was so truly a "falling asleep."
until that timedarsie had felt all a girl's natural shrinking from death, but the sightof aunt maria's peaceful face had dissipated that fear once for all.
asshe knelt by the bedside looking at the still, majestic features, sheoffered the most fervent prayer of her life--a prayer that she, too,might be enabled to "submit her way," and so in the end find peace inher soul!
her acquaintance with the percival family had ripened into friendship,so that, though noreen and ida could never by any chance supplant thevernon sisters, there were moments when she actually felt more at homewith ralph than with queer, silent dan.
ralph, at twenty-one, had outgrown many of his boyish failings--orrather, as darsie shrewdly surmised, had attained the art of screeningthem from _view_.
instead of snubbing his sisters' friends and adoptingairs of haughty superiority, he was now all deference and attention,transparently eager for her society.
dan, on the contrary, was absorbedin work; he had taken the longs in summer, so that darsie had no chanceof meeting him before starting on her annual visits to lady hayes.
inthe easter vac.
he had visited france and germany to study languages,while at christmas-times he was at once too shy and too busy to takepart in the daily excursions indulged in by his brothers and sisters.
he was doing brilliantly at college, and as a better preparation for hislife's work had decided on a four-years course--taking the tripos in twoparts, in both of which it was a foregone conclusion that he would takea first-class.
ralph percival was contentedly slacking it in preparation for a passdegree.
"what did it matter?"
he demanded serenely.
one came tocambridge, don't you know, because all one's people had been there,because it was the thing to do, and a rattling old place for sport andhaving a good time.
he would be confoundedly sorry when it was over.
only wished he could slack it out for twice as long!
darsie first frowned, and then smiled to herself in the dark as sherecalled those utterances, and the actions fitly symbolised hersentiments towards the heir of the percivals.
her head had no mercy forsuch an utter want of ambition and energy, but the heart plays often abigger part than the head in an estimate of a fellow-creature, anddarsie's heart had a way of making excuses for the handsome truant, whosmiled with such beguiling eyes, had such a pretty knack of compliment,and was--generally!--ready to play knight-errant in her service.
shefelt herself lucky in possessing so charming a friend to act the part ofgallant, and to be at her service when she chose to call.
and thenquite suddenly she drew a sharp breath and said aloud in a tremblingvoice, "oh, aunt maria, dear aunt maria!"
and her pillow was wet withtears; for aunt maria was dead, had died too soon to hear of her grand-niece's experiences at newnham, to which she had looked forward withsuch interest, but not before evoking a real love and gratitude indarsie's heart.
how thankful the girl was to remember that she had beenable to cheer the last year of that lonely life, to recall every lovingword and action, every tiny scrap of self-denial on her own part whichhad repaid in some small way the great gift to herself.
thankful andgrateful she would be to the end of her life, but she was not, and hadnot even pretended to be, _sorry_ that aunt maria was dead.
"she was old, and she was lonely, and she was ill.  i'm _glad_, notsorry," she had declared to the scandalised lavender.
"i'm glad she'llnever come hobbling downstairs again, and sit all the long, long day inone chair, waiting for it to end.
i'm _glad_ she's forgotten all abouther back, and her feet, and her head, and her joints, and all thethousand parts that ached, and could not rest.
i'm _glad_ she doesn'tneed any more spectacles, and sticks, and false teeth, nor to havepeople shouting into her ear to make her hear.
if i'dhated her i might have liked her to live on here, but i loved her, soi'm glad.
she has gone somewhere else, where she is happy, andcheerful, and _whole_, and i hope her husband has met her, and that theyare having a lovely, lovely time together..."darsie was glad, too, in quite an open, unconcealed fashion, when alegacy of a few thousand pounds lifted a little of the strain from herfather's busy shoulders, made it possible to send harry and russell to agood boarding-school, continue clemence's beloved music lessons, andprovide many needfuls for household use.
it was not only pleasant butabsolutely thrilling to know that as long as she herself lived shewould, in addition, possess fifty pounds a year--practically a pound aweek--of her very, very own, so that even when she grew too old toteach, she could retire to a tiny cottage in the country, and live thesimple life.
in the meantime, however, she was young, and lifestretched ahead full of delicious possibilities and excitements.
her great ambition had been achieved.
she was a student at cambridge;the historic colleges whose names had so long been familiar on her lipslay but a few streets away, while in her own college, close at hand,along the very same corridor, lay other girls with whom she must work,with whom she must play, whose lives must of a surety touch her own.
what would happen?
how would she fare?
when the last night of herthree-years course arrived, and she lay as now in this narrow white bed,staring across the darkened room which had been her home, what would herdreams be then?
what pictures would arise in the gallery of her mind?
what faces smile at her out of the mist?
"oh, god," sighed darsie in a soft, involuntary appeal, "help me to begood!"
the next day darsie and hannah were interviewed by their severalcoaches, male and female, received instructions as to their future work,and had the excitement of witnessing the return of the second and thirdyear girls, whose manner was strikingly different from that of themodest freshers.
dinner that evening was more of an ordeal than ever,with a galaxy of such assured, not to say aggressive, young women,staring with all their eyes at their new companions, and, to judge fromthe expressions on their faces, forming the meanest opinion of theirintelligence!
hannah vernon was of all the freshers the least upset by their scrutiny,but then plain hannah was proverbially thick-skinned about the opinionof others.
"let 'em stare if it amuses 'em--_i_ don't mind!
long time since i'vebeen so much admired," she returned composedly to darsie's indignantwhisper.
"every dog has its day.
wait till it's _our_ turn!
i'll wearspecs for that day--if i never do again, and glare over them like ourfriend in green.
i've been taking notes, and her glare is worth all therest put together.
i feel sure she sees into my pocket, and knowsexactly how much there is in my purse.
perhaps she's jealous of you.
you're the prettiest girl here--old or new!"
"oh, am i?
cried darsie, dimpling.
she peered around thetables, examining the faces of the girls within sight with an appraisingeye, compared them with the reflection which looked back at her out ofher own mirror, and felt an agreeable sense of conviction.
there wasone slim, dark-eyed girl with a bright rose flush on her cheeks, as towhose claim she felt a moment's uncertainty, but when she turned herhead--lo, a nose was revealed soaring so unbecomingly skyward thatdarsie breathed again.
she was the prettiest.
now if she couldjust manage to be the most popular also, and, not the cleverest, ofcourse--that was _too_ much to expect--but well in the front rank, howagreeable it would be, to be sure!
the dining-hall looked much more cheery tonight, when the long table wassurrounded by over sixty students in their brightly coloured dresses;the buzz of conversation rose steadily throughout the meal, and by thetime that coffee was served curiosity seemed satisfied, for the staringhad come to an end.
"i think you must be dan vernon's sister.
may i introduce myself?
i amhelen ross."
a tall girl, with brown hair brushed low over her ears,stood beside hannah's chair, holding out her hand with an air ofassurance which plainly intimated that the mention of her name wasexpected to arouse instant recognition.
hannah, who had never heard itbefore, and was not skilled in the art of pretence, stared back in blanksurprise.
yes, i'm hannah vernon.
this is my friend missgarnett."
helen ross nicked her eyelashes at darsie by way of a bow, but bestowedno spoken greeting.
"rather beastly, the first day, isn't it?"
she drawled, turning tohannah once more.
"feel such a pelican in the wilderness, wanderingabout, not knowing what to be after next.
make me useful, do!
i'd liketo be useful.
told your brother i'd show you the ropes.
did you getyour milk last night?
half a pint each is your allowance.
you get itfrom the pantry directly after dinner, and take it upstairs for cocoa.
have you discovered your gyp-room yet?"
hannah stolidly shook her head, whereupon miss ross proceeded to furtherexplanations.
the gyp-room was a species of pantry, one of which was tobe found on each corridor, whence cups, saucers, and other utensils forthe preparation of the famous ten o'clock "cocoas" could be obtained.
you helped yourself, don't you know, and you took the things back whenyou had done with them, but you didn't wash them up.
the gyp-room owneda presiding dignitary of its own who was known as the "gyp-woman," whoobligingly performed that service.
then miss ross expressed a wish tosee hannah's room, and the three girls ascended the stairs together, andthe two freshers stood by meekly while the two-year girl indulged incandid criticism.
not so bad.
rather a barn at present, but it'll look all rightwhen you've fixed it up.
always takes a few days to settle down, butone lives in one's room so much that it's worth taking pains.
you canget no end into the coffin, that's one blessing!"
hannah and darsie jerked at the ominous word, whereupon missross smiled with complacent superiority.
of course, you don't know that name.
the chest's the `coffin,' andyou keep hats in it, likewise odd boxes, and evening cloaks, and otherperishable splendours.
every one calls them coffins, so you'll have toget used to it, i'm afraid; and the bureau's a `burry,' and the screen'sa `farce,' and a topply one at that.
you'll have to buy another to takeits place.
they never _do_ supply you with decent screens.
by the way,there's an auction on to-night!
did any one tell you?
that's yourchance of picking up the things you want.
it's held in the gym.
at teno'clock, and is not bad fun.
i'll come along and take you, if you'dcare to go."
yes, i'd like to see everything that's going on.
what sort ofthings are for sale?"
"all sorts of discards that have been left behind by other girls--screens, bed-covers, curtains, china flower-pots, chairs, kettles,pictures.
sometimes there's quite a fine show."
and who is the auctioneer?"
"a second-year girl--the one who is credited with the greatest amount ofwit."
there was a moment's silence while the two freshers each mentally leapeda year ahead, and saw herself in this proud and enviable position.
"who's the one to-night?"
miss ross's lips curled expressively.
"i hope youwon't judge us by her standard.
she's certainly not the one whom _i_should have chosen to fill the position!"
silence again, while the freshers reflected that they knew very wellwhom miss helen ross would have chosen if she had had the chance, andwere glad that she hadn't.
"well, i'll call round about ten.
make up your fire, and becomfortable.
you're allowed a scuttle of coals a day, and let me warnyou to _use_ it!
if it's not all burnt, keep a few lumps in aconvenient cache--a box under the bed will do.
it comes in handy foranother day, and when it gets really cold you can stoke up at night andhave a fire to dress by in the morning.
the authorities don't approveof that--they say it's bad for the stoves.
personally i consider myselfbefore any stoves."
she nodded casually and strode from the room, leaving the two friendsdivided between gratitude for her kindness and prejudice against herpersonality.
"don't like her a bit, do you?"
means well, i think.
wonder how she knows dan?
henever mentioned her name."
"not at _all_ the sort of girl dan would care for!
such a bumptiousmanner.
a good many of them have, i observe.
perhaps it's a special effort to impress the freshers.
she didn't takemuch notice of me, but i'm coming with you all the same to buy fixingsfor my room, and hear the second-year auctioneer.
call for me whenyou're ready, like a dear.
i'm off now to read until ten o'clock."
darsie shut herself in her room, and set to work at her burry with allthe ardour of a beginner, so that the hour and a half passed like aflash, and it seemed as if she had scarcely begun before hannah's solidbang sounded at the door, and she went out into the corridor to followhelen ross to the gym.
the auction had already begun, and the auctioneer, a fresh-looking girlwith grey eyes planted extraordinarily far apart, was engaged inextolling the excellencies of an aged kettle to a laughing circle ofgirls.
she wore a black dress cut square at the neck, and a rose-coloured ribbon twined round her head.
she held out the kettle at thelength of a bare white arm, and raised her clear voice in delightfulimitation of the professional wheedle.
"friends and freshers!
we now come to lot three, one of the moststriking and interesting on the catalogue.
a kettle, ladies, is alwaysa useful article, but this is no ordinary kettle.
we have it onunimpeachable authority that this kettle was the kettle in residence atthe establishment of our late colleague miss constantia lawson, thesenior classic of her year!
the kettle of a senior classic, freshers!
the kettle which has ministered to her refreshment, which has been, inthe language of the poem, the fount of her inspiration!
what priceshall i say, ladies, for the kettle of a senior classic?
didsomebody say sixpence!
_for the kettle of a senior classic_!
thank you, madam.
for the kettle of a-- what advance oneightpence?
freshers would do well to consider this opportunity beforeit is too late.
what an--an _inebriating_ effect, if i may use the wordwithout offence to the late lamented poet, would be added to the cupthat cheers by the thought that the same handle, the same spout, thesame--er--er--furry deposit in the inside, have ministered to therefreshment of one of the master spirits of our day!
going ateightpence--eightpence-halfpenny--i thank you, madam!
noadvance on tenpence?
the hammer descended with a rap, the auctioneer leaned back with an airof exhaustion, and handed the kettle to her clerk, in blue silk andcrystal beads.
"lady to the right.
tell the lady, joshua, that the small hole in thebottom can easily be soldered by an obliging ironmonger, or, if sheprefers, she can hang the kettle on the wall as an object of vertu!"
peals of laughter greeted this tragic disclosure.
the lady to the rightrefused for some minutes to hand over her tenpence, but finallysuccumbed to the feeling of the meeting, when a crumpled cotton bed-cover was next produced for sale.
handsome oriental bedspread--design of peacocks, vultures,and pear-trees, in gorgeous colourings.
encircling border on abackground of blizzard white, and corner pieces complete.
eight feet bythree.
carry the bedspread round and allow the ladies toexamine it for themselves.
it is excessively hurtful to our feelingswhen purchasers imply that deception has been practised in order toinduce them to purchase our goods.
show the ladies the spread!
design by alma tadema, in his happiestmood.
you could not possibly purchase such a spread in anyestablishment, ladies, under the sum of two-and-six.
fine orientalgoods, warranted to impart an air of opulence to the humblest bedstead.
any fresher wishing to give the last touch of costly elegance to herroom should not neglect this opportunity.
what am i to say, ladies, forthis handsome spread?
thank you, madam!
sixpencesseem in the ascendant to-night.
let us hope the collections on sundaynext will benefit from the ensuing dearth.
the lady in the eyeglasses wishes to make a remark,joshua.
the lady in the eyeglasses remarks that one side of the spreadhas been torn.
the lady is evidently unaware that that fact is a proofpositive of the authenticity of the spread.
no eastern article, as alltravellers are aware, is _ever_ even at both sides."
another burst oflaughter greeted this point.
the auctioneer showed her pretty whiteteeth in a complacent smile, her wide grey eyes roved round the room,and met darsie's eyes raised to her in beaming admiration.
"one-and-six did you say, madam?"
she cried instantly.
"did iunderstand you to say one-and-six?
the opportunity will never occuragain.
at one-and-six for the lady in violet.
take the name andaddress if you please, joshua."
and darsie, with a shrug and a laugh,paid out her one-and-six, and received in return the blizzard-whitecover, ornamented with a roughly mended tear all along one side.
the next articles offered for sale were framed pictures of various sizeswhich had evidently not been considered worth the trouble of removing.
water-colour sketches by 'prentice hands, faded photographs, or pretty-pretty prints evidently torn from the pages of magazines.
theauctioneer exerted all the blandishments to induce the freshers topurchase these masterpieces, and deplored their scant response withpathetic reproaches.
"_no_ bids for this tasty little picture?
ladies, ladies, this is agreat mistake!
in the midst of your arduous brain toil, what could bemore soothing and refreshing than to gaze upon this charming pastoralscene?
this azure earth, this verdant sky, this lovely maid whocombined in her person all the simpering charms of youth, and never, forone misguided moment, troubled her ochre head over the acquirement ofthat higher knowledge which, as we all know, is the proud prerogative ofman!
what price shall i say for `the maiden's dream'?
putit down if you please, joshua.
we have no art collectors with us to-night.
let me have the botticelli for a change."
the clerk in blue silk handed up another picture in a rickety oxfordframe, at which the auctioneer gazed rapturously for several momentsbefore turning it towards her audience.
"number six on the catalogue.
genuine photograph of a botticelli fromthe collection of miss eva dalgleish.
attention, freshers, if youplease!
this is an item of serious importance.
the presence of abotticelli bestows at once the air of culture and refinement withoutwhich no study is worthy of the name.
a genuine photograph of abotticelli, purchased by the owner in the italian city of florence, andborne home by her own fair hands, as the crack across the corner willgive proof.
in an oxford frame--a compliment to our sister university--glazed and complete, with hanging loops and fragment of wire.
_what_offers for the botticelli?
any fresher who wishes to prove herselfendowed with refined and artistic--one shilling?
thank you, madam.
one and nine.
one and nine for this genuinebotticelli.
ladies, ladies, this is a sad day for newnham.
and nine--and nine.
it was hannah who had testified to her own artistic qualities bypurchasing this photograph.
she tucked it proudly under her arm, andturned an envious eye on a brass flower-pot which was now engaging theauctioneer's attention.
a simultaneous movement of the audience showedthat this was an article on which many hopes had been set, and biddingpromised to be brisk.
"now, ladies, we come to one of the principal events of the evening, thebidding for this very rich and magnificent brass, hand-beaten, richly-chased, oriental, ornamental flower-pot.
we have several flower-pots inour catalogue, but none to be compared for one moment to the verysuperior article which you now see before you.
it is safe to say thatno student, even in her third year, can boast of a flower-pot to equalthis lot in either quality or design.
the possession of it will initself ensure fame for its fortunate owner.
let me have a handsome bid,if you please, ladies, to start this valuable article.
half a crown!!!
a lady, whose ignorance we can only deplore, offers me half a crown fora genuine antique brass!
i am thankful that in such a large andenlightened audience such an error is not likely to be repeated.
_thank_ you, madam.
freshers who neglect to take advantage of this opportunitywill be compelled to content themselves with one of these common chinaarticles to my left.
a flowerpot is a necessary article of furniturewithout which no room is complete.
what is home without an aspidistra?
you laugh, ladies, but you can find no answer to that question.
the raw material for this masterpiece must havecost many times this sum.
five--five--no advance on five.
the lady ingreen, joshua.
take the lady's address!"
the auctioneer put up her hand to her head and patted the rose-colouredribbon into place.
inspired by the laughing appreciation of hersallies, her cheeks had flushed to the same bright shade, and with hersparkling eyes and alert, graceful movements she made a delightful andattractive figure, at which the freshers stared in undisguised delight.
"i adore her!"
whispered darsie in her friend's ear.
croaked hannah the undemonstrative, and then by a commonimpulse their glance passed on to rest on helen ross's set, superciliousface.
"i loathe her," came the second whisper.
croaked hannah once more, and turned herattention to the business in hand.
after the china flower-pots had been disposed of, a trio of basket-chairs gave an impetus to the bidding, as the truth of the auctioneer'swords went home to every heart.
"`three luxurious basket-chairs, cushioned complete in handsomecretonne, stuffed pure wool.
ladies, in thesebasket-chairs you see not only elegant articles of furniture, but asolution of the dilemma which dogs every owner of a one-comfortable-chair study.
one question haunts her waking and sleeping hours; oneproblem embitters the most social occasions--`_shall i be comfortable orpolite_?'
to this question, in this college of newnham, there can,ladies, be but one reply--and the wretched hostess sits on the coal-boxand gives her visitor the chair.
after long hours of mental toil, afterthe physical strain of the hockey-field, a quiet hour is vouchsafedbeside her own fireside, with the companionship of a beloved friend tosoothe and cheer, and that hour, ladies--that precious hour--i say itwith emotion almost too strong for words--that stolen hour of peace andrest must needs be passed--_on the coal-box_!
ladies, i need say nomore.
the remedy is in your own hands."
so on, and so on.
after the chairs came curtains; after the curtains,bookcases, ornaments, and books.
the auction flowed on, punctuated byexplosions of laughter, until the last item on the "catalogue" wasreached, and the auctioneer was crimson with exhaustion.
darsie and hannah had amassed between them quite a stock of furnishings.
a screen apiece, chairs, oriental window-curtains in stripes ofcontrasting colours warm and comfortable to look upon, flower-pots, andodd pictures and ornaments.
one felt a proprietor, indeed, as onelooked over the spoils, and the inroads into capital had been agreeablysmall.
darsie was folding up her damaged "spread" when a voice spoke inher ear, and with a little jump of the heart she looked up to findmargaret france standing by her side.
"how do you do?
i must thank you for your patronage.
you chipped innobly.
hope you'll like 'em, when you've got 'em.
just up, aren't you?
what's your shop?"
for a moment darsie stared blankly, then a flash of intuition revealedthe meaning of the word.
so'm i.  and your friend?"
well, good luck!
i'm off to bed.
we shall meet on therialto!"
she smiled, nodded, and was gone.
with a sudden realisation of theirown fatigue the freshers turned to follow her example.
helen rossjoined them on their way along the corridors, and darsie could notresist expressing her appreciation of the auctioneer's wit.
"she was delicious.
i _have_ enjoyed it.
she _is_ amusing and clever."
said helen coolly.
glad you were pleased.
it'susually _far_ better than that!"
with a curt good-night she turned into her own room, and the two friendsmade haste to follow her example.
the banked-up fires burned warm and red; the scattered oddments had beenhidden from sight in the "coffin's" rapacious maw; photographs andknick-knacks gave a homy look to the rooms which had looked so bare andbleak twenty-four hours before.
the freshers tumbled into bed and fellhappily asleep.
during the first month at newnham darsie and hannah fell gradually andhappily into the routine of college life.
they grew to recognise theircompanions by name, and to place them according to their several"shops"; they entertained cocoa parties in their rooms; picked up slangterms, and talked condescendingly of "townees"; they paid upsubscriptions to "hall," "games," "flowers," and "fic"; slept, played,and laughed and talked, and, above all, _worked_, with heart and mind,and with every day that passed were more convinced that to be a studentat cambridge was the most glorious fate that any girl could desire.
a week after the beginning of term helen ross, the fortunate possessorof a double room, gave a tea-party, with one of the younger dons aschaperon, to which dan vernon and a companion were invited.
ostensiblythe party was given in hannah's honour, but to her astonishment anddismay hannah's friend was not favoured with an invitation, and felt herfirst real twinge of loneliness in the knowledge that two old friendswere making merry together but a few yards away, while she sat solitaryand alone.
what she had done to incur helen ross's dislike darsie couldnot imagine, and, fortunately for herself, she was too large-hearted tosuspect that it arose simply from an unattractive girl's jealousy of onewhom all had combined to love and admire.
be that as it may, darsie wasleft out of the tea-party, and her subsequent cross-questionings ofhannah were far from comforting.
"had a good time?"
"nice people there?"
"dan ask for me?"
"then he ought to have done!"
darsie told herself indignantly, and herthoughts flew off to ralph percival, wondering when she would see himnext, and recalling with pleasure his promise to "see her through."
the approach of the freshers' hockey match banished less importanttopics, for hannah was on edge with anxiety to be at her best, anddisport herself sufficiently well to be included in after-teampractices, while darsie was scarcely less eager on her behalf.
when the afternoon arrived and the match began, the second and thirdyear girls crowded to look on, while the captain stood apart surroundedby a few satellites from the committee, as truly the monarch of all shesurveyed as any king who ever graced a throne.
the thoughts of eachfresher turned with an anguish of appeal towards this figure; a smile onher face raised them to the seventh heaven; a frown laid them in thedust!
extraordinary to think that two short years ago this oracle hadbeen a fresher like themselves!
inconceivable to imagine that in twoyears to come they themselves might occupy that same magnificentaltitude!
the eyes of the oracle fell upon hannah and approved what she saw, andhenceforth hannah took part in team practices, and lorded it overdarsie, who in her turn affected a growing antagonism to the game.
"you can have too much of a good thing--even of games--and i seem tohave _eaten_ hockey every meal since i arrived!"
she announcedimpatiently; and in truth, since an unwritten law forbade the discussionof "shop" at table, the conversation was largely limited todissertations on this the most popular of games.
on sundays the two girls went together to king's college chapel andgazed with admiration at the vaulted stone roof, with its marvellous fantracery; at its towering stained-glass windows, and the screen bearingthe monogram of anne boleyn; at the delicate carving of the stalls.
itwas so wonderfully different from the dreary town edifice in which theyhad been accustomed to worship, with its painted walls, heavy gallery,and wheezy organ played by an indifferent musician--so wonderfully,gloriously different that darsie felt a pricking at the back of her eyesas though she were ready to cry for sheer pleasure and admiration.
themusic and the sermon seemed alike perfect, and darsie ardently followedeach stage of the service.
some people are inclined to grow frivolous and forgetful when the worldgoes well with them and the desire of their hearts is accomplished;others are filled with a passion of gratitude and thanksgiving, anddarsie garnett belonged to the latter category.
prosperity made hermore humble, more kindly, more overflowing with love to god and man.
aportrait of lady hayes stood on her study mantelpiece, and every morningand evening she bent her sunny head to kiss the stern old face.
dearold aunt maria!
she had so loved being kissed--_really_ kissed, as ifone meant it.
if in that higher life to which she had gone she knewwhat was happening on earth, darsie felt sure that she would like toknow that her portrait was still cherished.
her thoughts hoveredgratefully about the dead woman as she sat in this wonderful old church,and pictured with awe the succeeding generations who had worshippedwithin its walls.
it was only when the sermon was at an end that,turning her head, darsie met the gaze of a girl sitting a few seatsaway, and after a moment of bewilderment recognised the widely set eyesand curling lips of margaret france.
in her dark hat and coat she looked less attractive than in eveningdress, but the fact made no difference in the thrill of pleasure withwhich darsie realised her presence.
some quality in this girl appealedto the deep places of her heart; she realised instinctively that if theattraction were mutual the tie between them would be close and firm, butit must be all or nothing--she could never dally with friendship withmargaret france!
walking home slowly along silver street, she found herself answeringabsently to hannah's remarks, her whole attention riveted on watchingthe passers-by, wondering if by any possibility margaret france wouldstop to speak to her once more, and her heart leaped with exultation asa footstep paused by her side, and the clear, crisp tones addressed herby name.
"morning, miss garnett!
morning, miss vernon!
ripping day, isn't it?
glad to see you in king's.
saw you long before you spotted me, andenjoyed your enjoyment.
never forgot my first services.
good to bethere, isn't it?"
darsie's deep-drawn breath of rapture was an eloquent response.
"i _have_ been happy!
i've never in my life seen anything so wonderfulbefore.
it seems almost too good to be true that i can go there everysunday for years to come.
cambridge is wonderful.
i am more enchantedevery day.
even to walk along the streets is a joy."
cried margaret heartily.
"drop in to five o'clock servicesometimes when you're feeling tired, and tied up with your work.
it's agrand soother.
how goes the work so far?
enjoying the lectures?
finding the literature interesting?"
the two modern languages discussed work together eagerly, whilemathematical hannah marched on a few feet ahead.
darsie felt a pang ofremorse, because she could not help wishing that she would _stay_ ahead,and so give the chance of a prolonged _tete-a-tete_ with margaretfrance.
the feeling of attraction was so strong now that they were faceto face that it was only by an effort of will that she could resistslipping her hand through the black serge arm, but the expression of herface was eloquent, and margaret smiled back well pleased.
when theyparted a few minutes later to go to their different halls, the oldergirl said casually, but in a lowered voice which showed that theinvitation was meant for darsie alone--"by the way, i'm at home for cocoa on tuesday evenings at ten.
bringyour milk, and come along, will you!
i'd like to have you."
cried darsie eloquently, and ran up to her room aglow withdelight and pride, which grew still deeper at lunch when a casualreference to the invitation (it was really impossible to keep silent onso thrilling a point!)
evoked a wide stare of surprise.
"to her tuesdays!
are you sure?
nobody goes to those but her very booncompanions.
you _are_ honoured!"
"didn't ask _me_, i notice!"
sniffed hannah huffily.
"no twin soulhere.
recognised an affinity in you, i suppose."
"well, _i_ wasn't asked to play in team matches!
don't grudge me mylittle score!"
returned darsie, knowing well that an honour in sport wasmore to her companion than many cocoas.
"besides, you must remember youhave helen ross!"
"oh, ah, yes!
helen ross dotes on me.
disinterested, of course.
noconnection with the brother over the way!"
commented hannah with a grin.
"by the way, i hear from dan that your friend ralph percival is introuble already, playing cards, getting into debt, and staying out afterhours.
seems to be a poor-spirited sort of fellow from all accounts!"
"he saved my life, anyway, when i was a youngster, and very nearlydrowned myself, paddling up a mill-stream.
there's no want of spiritabout ralph.
life has been made too easy for him, that's the mischief!"
said darsie in her most elderly and judicial manner.
"it's difficult tokeep to the grind when you know that you will never need to work.
heneeds an object in life.
until he finds that, he will be content todrift."
"he'll drift into being sent down at this rate.
that will be the end ofhim!"
croaked hannah gloomily; whereupon darsie knitted her brows andcollapsed into silence for the rest of the meal.
poor, dear, handsome ralph!
at the bottom of her heart darsie washardly surprised to hear hannah's report.
the indifference with whichhe had entered upon his college life had not developed into any moreearnest spirit, as had been abundantly proved by his conversation whenthe two had last met, during the long vacation, while the hesitatingmanner of his mother and sisters seemed to hint at a hidden anxiety.
inthe depths of her heart darsie was feeling considerably piqued by thefact that though she had now been over a month in cambridge ralph hadshown no anxiety to meet her, or to fulfil his promise of "showing theropes."
other girls had been invited to merry tea-parties in thedifferent colleges, and almost daily she had expected such an invitationfor herself, but neither of her two men friends had paid her this markof attention; but for the fact of an occasional meeting in the streetsthey might as well have been at the other end of the land.
prideforbade her commenting on the fact even to hannah; but inwardly she haddetermined to be very proud and haughty when the deferred meeting cameabout.
dan was too wrapped up in himself to care for outsiders; ralphwas a slacker--not worth a thought.
darsie dismissed them both with ashrug.
margaret france was worth a dozen men put together!
ten o'clock on tuesday evening seemed long in coming, but the momentthat the clock pointed to the hour darsie hastened to her new friend'sstudy, and to her satisfaction found her still alone.
the room lookeddelightfully cosy with pink shades over the lights, a clear blaze uponthe grate, and margaret herself, in a pink rest-gown curled up in awicker-chair, was the very embodiment of ease.
she did not rise asdarsie entered, but pointed to a chair close at hand, with an eagernesswhich was in itself the best welcome.
i'm glad you're the first.
sit down andlook around.
how do you like my den?"
darsie stared to right and left with curious eyes, and came to theinstant conclusion that margaret's room was like herself.
from floor toceiling, from window to door, there was not one single article which didnot give back a cheering impression.
if the article were composed ofmetal, it shone and glittered until it could shine no farther; if ofoak, every leaf and moulding spoke of elbow-grease, and clean, fresh-smelling polish; if it were a fabric of wool or cotton, it wasinvariably of some shade of rose, shedding, as it were, an aspect ofsummer in the midst of november gloom.
over the fireplace was fastened a long brown-paper scroll, on which somewords were painted in big ornamental letters.
darsie read them with athrill of appreciation--  "two men looked out through prison bars,  one saw mud, the other stars!"
the eyes of the two girls met, and lingered.
then darsie spoke--"that's your motto in life!
you look out for stars--""yes!
so do you.
that's why i wanted to be friends."
mused darsie, and sat silent, gazing into the fire.
"it isbeautiful, and i understand the drift, but--would you mind paraphrasingit for my benefit?"
"it's so simple.
there _is_ mud, and there _are_ stars.
it's just achoice of where we choose to look."
but don't you think there are times--when one is awfullydown on one's luck, for instance--when there's no one on earth so tryingas the persistent optimist who _will_ make the best of everything, andtake a cheerful view!
you want to murder him in cold blood.
i do, atleast.
you feel ever so much more cheered by some one who acknowledgesthe mud, and says how horrid it is, and pities you for sticking sofast!"
margaret's ringing laugh showed all her pretty white teeth.
she rubbedher hands together in delighted appreciation.
"oh, i know, i know!
i want to kill them, too.
vision's not a mite ofuse without tact.
but no bars can shut out the stars if we choose tolet them shine."
her own face was ashine as she spoke, but anything more unlike"goodiness," abhorred by every normal girl, it would be impossible toimagine.
"tell me about your work--how do you get on with your coach?"
she askedthe next moment, switching off to ordinary subjects in the most easy andnatural of manners, and darsie found herself laying bare all the littlehitches and difficulties which must needs enter into even the mostcongenial course of study, and being alternately laughed at andconsoled, and directed towards a solution by brisk, apt words.
"you're all right--you've got a head.
you'll come through on top, ifyou'll be content to go slow.
want to take the tripos first year, andhonours at that--that's your style!
calm down, my dear, and be contentto jog.
it pays better in the end."
she flashed a radiant smile atdarsie's reddening face, then jumped up to greet her other guests of theevening, three in number, who appeared at that moment, each carrying herown precious portion of milk.
one was "economics" and owned so square a jaw that the line of it (therewas no curve) seemed to run down straight with the ear; another was"science" and wore spectacles; a third was "modern languages," like thehost, but one and all shared an apparently unlimited appetite for cocoa,conversation, and chelsea buns, the which they proceeded to enjoy to thefull.
"modern languages" being in the ascendant, indulged in a little"shop" as a preliminary, accompanied by the sighs, groans, andcomplaints incidental to the subject.
"how's your drama getting on?
is it developing satisfactorily?"
student number two inquired of darsie, in reference to the paper givenout at the last lecture in divinity hall, and darsie shrugged with aplaintive air.
"i've been struggling to develop it, to _trace_ its development, as hesaid; but the tracings are decidedly dim!
i get on much better with asubject on which i can throw a little imagination.
`the growth of thenovel,' for instance--i wove quite a fairy-tale out of that."
the girls smiled, but with a dubious air.
"better be careful!
that's a ruse which most of us have tried in ourday, and come wearily back to sober fact...  how do you like thehistorical french grammar?"
the fresher made a gesture as if to tear her hair, whereupon the second-year girls groaned in chorus.
in last year's tripos the paper was positivelyinhuman.
the girls said it was impossible even to understand thequestions, much less to answer them."
waste of time, i call it.
most of us are training to teach,but it's not one in a hundred who will be called upon to teach _that_erudite horror."
darsie looked at margaret france as she spoke, and saw at once by theexpression of her companions that she had touched on a delicate subject.
there was a moment's silence, then--"i am not going to teach," said margaret, smiling.
then-- what are you going to do?"
"live at home."
a future profession seemed so universal a prospect with the newnhamstudents that margaret's reply amazed darsie as much as it appeared toannoy her other hearers.
economics sniffed, and muttered beneath her breath; science staredfixedly at the ceiling through her glittering spectacles; modernlanguages groaned aloud.
"with your brain!
with your spirit!
after this training!
such wickedwaste..."margaret laughed lightly.
"oh, darsie garnett, how mean of you, when i feed you with my bestchelsea buns, to land me in this time-honoured discussion!
i'm an onlychild, and my parents have been perfect bricks in giving me my wish andsparing me for three whole years!
the least i can do is to go home anddo a turn for them.
i fail to see where the waste comes in!"
"all you have learned--all you have studied--all you have read--""just so!
i hope it will make me a more interesting companion for them.
and for myself!
i've got to live with myself all the days of my life,remember, and i do _not_ wish to be bored!"
"you have such power, such capacity!
you might do some work for theworld!"
"i intend to.
what's the world made up of, after all, but a number ofseparate homes?
as a matter of ordinary common sense isn't it best towork in one's _own_ home, rather than in a strange one?"
margaret threw out her hands with a pretty appealing gesture, and hercompanions stared at her in silence, apparently too nonplussed to reply.
before they had time to rally to the attack, however, a startlinginterruption had occurred.
with a suddenness and violence which made the cocoa-drinkers jump intheir seats the door burst open, and the figure of a girl in eveningdress precipitated herself into their midst.
her light skirt was thrownover her shoulders, revealing an abbreviated white petticoat; her eyeswere fixed with a deadly determination; regardless of the occupants ofthe room or of the articles of furniture scattered here and there, sheflew at lightning speed to the window, closed it with a resounding bang,leaped like a cat at the ventilator overhead, banged that also, and withone bound was out of the room, the door making a third bang in her wake.
darsie gasped in dismay.
she herself had been transfixed withastonishment, but her companions had displayed a marvellous self-possession.
margaret had wrapped her arms round the cocoa-table toprotect it from upset, another girl had steadied the screen, a third hadobligingly lifted her chair out of the way; but no sign of alarm orcuriosity showed upon their faces, which fact did but heighten themystery of the situation.
"is she--is she _mad_?"
the second-year girls laughed in chorus.
from afar could be heard asuccession of bang, bang, bangs, as if in every study in the house thesame performance was being enacted.
margaret nodded at the fresher withkindly reassurance.
"only the fire drill!
they've had an alarm, and she's told to shut offdraughts.
very good going!
not more than five or six seconds alltold!"
"there isn't really--""oh, dear, no.
no such luck!
poor fun having a fire brigade, and nochance to show its mettle.
but we live in hope.
you ought to join.
ican imagine you making a magnificent captain."
so here was another ambition.
darsie made a mental note to inquire intothe workings of the fire brigade, and to offer her name as a recruitwithout delay.
it was somewhat of a shock to the fresher contingency to receive onemorning the intimation of a costume ball, to be held in clough hall onthe following night; but their protests met with scant sympathy from theelders.
when darsie plaintively declared that she hadn't got a fancydress, and would not have time to send home for it if she _had_, athird-year girl silenced her by a stern counter-question: "and where,pray, would be the fun if you _had_, and _could_?
if at the cost of apostcard you could be fitted up as the lady of the lake in greendraperies and water-lilies, it would no doubt be exceedingly becoming,but it would be no sport.
no, young woman, you've got to contrivesomething out of nothing and an hour stolen from the night, and whenyou've done it you'll be in the mood to appreciate other people'scontrivings into the bargain.
you're one of the dressy sort.
we'll expect wonders from you."
but when darsie repaired to the seclusion of her study and set herselfto the problem of evolving a fancy dress out of an ordinary collegeoutfit, ideas were remarkably slow in coming.
she looked questioninglyat each piece of drapery in turns, wondered if she could be a ghost incurtains, a statue in sheets, an eastern houri in the cotton quilt, aportia in the hearthrug, discarded each possibility in turn, and turnedher attention to her own wardrobe.
black serge, grey tweed, violet ninon; two evening frocks, and the onewhite satin which was the _piece de resistance_ of the whole.
a clothcoat, a mackintosh, an art serge cloak for evening wear--how _could_ onemanufacture a fancy dress from garments so ordinary as these?
in despair, darsie betook herself to margaret france's room and foundthat young woman seated before her dressing-table engaged in staringfixedly at her own reflection in the mirror.
she betrayed noembarrassment at being discovered in so compromising a position, butsmiled a broad smile of welcome out of the mirror, the while shecontinued to turn and to twist, and hold up a hand-glass to scrutinisemore closely unknown aspects of face and head.
"i know what you've come for!
i've had two freshers already.
bowledover at the thought of inventing a costume--that's it, isn't it?
oh,you'll rise to it yet.
the only difficulty is to hit on an idea--therest's as easy as pie.
that's what i'm doing now--studying my phiz tosee what it suggests.
my nose, now!
what d'you think of my nose?
seems to me that nose wasn't given me for nothing.
_and_ the widthbetween the eyes!
it's borne in upon me that i must be either a turniplantern or a dutch doll.
the doll would probably be the most becoming,so i'll plump for that.
don't breathe a word, for it must be a secretto the last.
as for you--it would be easy to suggest a dozen pretty-pretties."
margaret wheeled round in her chair, and sat nursing her knees,regarding darsie with a twinkling eye.
"big eyes, long neck, neatlittle feet--you'd make an adorable alice in wonderland, with ankle-strap slippers, and a comb, and a dear little pinny over a blue frock!
and your friend can be the mad hatter.
look well, wouldn't she, with ahat on one side?
there are only the girls to see you, and the morecomic you can make yourself the better they'll be pleased.
you areabout to be introduced to a new side of newnham life, and will see howmad the students can be when they let themselves go.
you'll laughyourself ill before the evening's over.
well, think it over, and comeback to me if you want any properties.
my dress will be easy enough--braided hair, short white frock (butter-muslin at a penny the yard),white stockings with sandals, another pair of stockings to cover myarms, chalked face and neck, with peaked eyebrows and neat little spotsof red on the cheekbones and tip of the chin.
if you feel inclined tobe angelic, you might run up with your paint-box at the last minute, anddab on my joints."
darsie gaped in bewilderment, whereupon margaret cried resentfully--"well, i must _have_ joints, mustn't i?
how do you expect me to move?
a paint-box is invaluable on these occasions, as you'll find before youare through.
now, my love, i'll bid you a fond adieu, for work presses.
by the by, one word in your ear!
don't ask a third-year girl to dancewith you if you value your nose!"
"what will happen to it if i do?"
never mind i look pretty and meek, and perhaps she'll ask_you_.
now be off--be off--i must to work!"
darsie descended to hannah's study and proposed the idea of the madhatter, the which was instantly and scornfully declined.
hannahexplained at length that though her head might be plain, it yetcontained more brains than other heads she could mention, and that toplay the part of idiot for a whole night long was a feat beyond thepowers of a mathematical student reading for honours.
she thenexplained with a dignity which seemed somewhat misplaced that she hadset her heart upon representing a pillar-box, and was even now on thepoint of sallying forth to purchase a trio of hat-boxes, which, being offashionable dimensions, would comfortably encircle her body.
fastenedtogether so as to form a tube, covered with red sateen, and supported byscarlet-stockinged legs, the effect would be pleasingly true to life.
"i'll have peep-holes for eyes, and the slit will outline my mouth.
between the dances i'll kneel down in a corner so that the box touchesthe ground, and i'll look so real, that i shall expect every one to dropin _letters--chocolate_ letters, observe!
you might buy some and setthe example!"
for the next twenty-four hours an unusual air of excitement and bustlepervaded the college, and the conversation at mealtime consisted for themost part of fragmentary questions and answers bearing on the importantsubject of costumes in making.
"lend me your boot brushes, like a lamb!"
"got an old pair of brown stockings you can't wear again?"
"be an angel and lend me your striped curtains just for the night!"
"spare _just_ ten minutes to sew up my back?"
so on it went, and in truth it was a pleasant chance to hear the merry,inconsequent chatter; for, like every other class of the community, girlstudents have their besetting sins, and one of the most obvious of theseis an air of assurance, of dogmatism, of final knowledge of life,against which there can be no appeal.
girls of nineteen and twenty willsettle a dispute of ages with a casual word; students of economy willadvance original schemes warranted to wipe the offence of poverty fromthe globe; science students with unlowered voices will indulge acrossthe dinner-table in scathing criticisms on historic creeds which theirfathers hold in reverence; and on each young face, on each young tongue,can be read the same story of certainty and self-esteem.
this state of mind is either sad, amusing, or exasperating, according tothe mood of the hearer; but, whatever be his mood, he yet knows in hisheart that it is a transitory phase, and an almost inevitable result oftheoretical knowledge.
a few years of personal grip with life and itsproblems will make short work of that over-confidence, and replace itwith a gentler, sweeter touch.
but to-night was a night of frolic, and one would have to travel farindeed to find a more amusing spectacle than an impromptu costume dancein clough hall.
beauty is a secondary consideration, and the girl whohas achieved the oddest and most ludicrous appearance is the heroine ofthe hour.
darsie garnett made a fascinating alice in wonderland in hershort blue frock, white pinny, and little ankle-strap slippers, her hairfastened back by an old-fashioned round comb, and eyebrows painted intoan inquiring arch, but she received no attention in comparison with thatlavished upon hannah, when she dashed nimbly in at the door, and,kneeling down in a corner of the room, presented a really lifelikeappearance of a pillar-box, a white label bearing the hours of"chocolate deliveries" pasted conspicuously beneath the slit.
hannah'sprophecies proved correct, for it became one of the amusements of theevening to feed that yawning cavity with chocolates and other dainties,so that more than one sweet tooth in the assembly made a note of thesuggestion for a future day.
the dutch doll was another huge success; for so dolly and so beyond allthings dutch did she appear, standing within the doorway with jointedarms and rigid back, with dark hair plastered over the forehead in thewell-known curve, and the three little spots of colour blazing out fromthe whitened background, that it was almost impossible to believe thatshe was living flesh and blood.
like a statue she stood until thelaughter and applause had lasted for several minutes, and then, steppingjerkily on one side, made way for a new and even more startlingapparition.
topsy, by all that was wonderful and unexpected!
a beaming, grinninglittle nigger girl, with tightly curled hair, rolling eyes, and whiteteeth showing to the gums.
a short gown of brilliantly striped cottonreached to the knees, brown-stockinged arms and legs were matched bybrown-painted face and neck; standing side by side with the dutch doll,the respective whiteness and brownness became accentuated to apositively dazzling extent, and the onlookers were jubilant withdelight.
the climax was reached when the two waltzed off together roundthe room, the doll sustaining a delightful stiffness and stoniness ofmien, while topsy's grin threatened to reach to her very ears.
ordinary costumes fell somewhat flat after these triumphs, though to thefreshers there was a continuing joy in beholding dignified students intheir third year pirouetting in childlike abandonment.
there, forinstance, was the cleverest girl in college, of whom it was accepted asa certainty that she would become a world-wide celebrity, an austere andremote personage who was seldom seen to smile; there she stood, thedaintiest christmas cracker that one could wish to behold, in a sheathof shimmery pink, tied in the middle by a golden string, finished ateither end with a froth of frills, and ornamented front and back withimmense bouquets of flowers.
by an ingenious arrangement also, if youpulled a string in a certain way, a mysterious cracking sound was heard,and a motto made its appearance bearing an original couplet whosereference was strictly and delightfully local.
the run on these mottoes was great, and after their points were fullyenjoyed, they were folded carefully away, to be kept as souvenirs of thegreat scholar of later years.
the evening was half over, and the girls had settled down to the dance,when suddenly, unexpectedly, the great excitement arrived.
at a momentwhen the music had ceased, and the various couples were preparing forthe usual promenade around the hall, a loud roar was heard from without,and into the middle of the floor there trotted nothing more nor lessthan a tawny yellow lion, which, being confronted by a crowd ofspectators, drew back as if in fear, and crouched in threatening manner.
its masked face showed a savage row of teeth; a mass of red hair,shortened by that mysterious process known as "back combing," produced asufficiently convincing mane; a yellow skin hearthrug was wrapped roundthe body, while paint and wadding combined had contrived a wonderfullygood imitation of claws.
it was the colour of the hair alone which revealed the identity of thelion to her companions.
"it's that wretched little ginger georgie!"
"that little ginger beast!"
went the cry from lip to lip.
but, abuseher as they might, for the rest of the evening "ginger georgie" remainedthe centre of attraction, as she persistently ambled after topsy, andgnawed at her brown feet, evidently recognising in her at once acompatriot and a tit-bit.
_il faut souffrire pour etre--celebre_!
when supper-timearrived, and the lion's mask was removed, behold a countenance somagenta with heat that compared with it even the letter box herself waspale.
the two sufferers were waited upon with the most assiduousattention, as was indeed only fair.
when one has voluntarily endured acondition of semi-suffocation throughout an evening's "pleasuring" forthe unselfish reason of providing amusement for others, it's a poorthing if one cannot be assisted to lemonade in return.
the lion sat up well into the night combing out her mane; the letter boxhad the first bad headache in her life, but both tumbled into bed atlast, proud and happy in the remembrance of an historic success.
hannah strolled into darsie's study, open letter in hand.
"an invitation from mrs hoare for myself andfriend--that's you--to go to tea on sunday afternoon.
that's becausei'm dan's sister, of course.
he'll be there, too, i expect, and thehandsome percival, and lots more men.
the question is, shall we go?"
now mrs hoare was the wife of the head of that well-known college ofwhich dan and ralph were members, and the invitation was therefore thefulfilment of one of darsie's dreams.
"of course we'll go!"
she cried ardently.
"sunday tea at a man'scollege is part of the cambridge programme, and we want to see all thatwe can.
personally, i consider that they might have asked us before."
she lay back in her seat, and stared dreamily at the wall, puckering herbrow in thought, the while hannah chuckled in the background.
"i know what you are thinking about!"
cried darsie, and blushed, a deep guilty blush.
costume for sunday, and the question of possibly squeezing outthree or four shillings to buy an extra bit of frippery to add to yourcharms!"
cried darsie impatiently; then with a sudden change of front:"and if i _was_, i was perfectly right!
newnham girls are not halfcareful enough about their appearance, and it tells against the cause.
a perfect woman, nobly planned, ought to be as clever as she is--er--dainty, and as dainty as she is clever."
"thank you for the concession!
very considerate of you, i'm sure.
ifyou had stuck to `beautiful,' i should have been hopelessly left out.
even `dainty' is beyond me, i'm afraid; but i'll promise you to be neatand tidy, and saints can do no more--if they happen to have been born_plain_ saints, that's to say!"
hannah stood in front of the mirror, staring back at her flat, squareface with an expression of serenely detached criticism.
"if you are the beauty of this college, i run a close race for the boobyprize!
bit of a handicap that, if you care about popularity.
thissunday afternoon now!
they'll all be buzzing round you like so manyflies, while i do wallflower in a corner.
nonsense to say that looksdon't count!
so far as i can see, the difference between your face andmine will probably make the difference in our lives.
you'll marry alord of high degree, and i'll school marm and be maiden aunt."
darsie was acutely discomfited by such words fromhannah's lips.
true they were spoken in matter-of-fact tones, andwithout the suspicion of a whine, but as the first instance of anythingapproaching a lament, the occasion was historic.
"oh, hannah, dear--it's only at first!
after the first no one cares a rap _what_ you looklike, so long as you're nice."
cried hannah scornfully.
"of course they care!
any onewould--should myself, but you needn't look so hang-dog, my dear.
it'snot _your_ fault, and i am quite comfortable, thank you.
if any manever wants to marry me, i'll know jolly well that it's for myself, andthat he really loves me through and through.
there isn't any of theglamour business about this child to make him imagine that he cares,when it's only a passing phase.
and if it's my lot to live alone, i'llback myself to be as happy as most wives i come across.
it's my ownbig, splendid life, and i'm going to _make_ it splendid, or know thereason why!"
hannah struck a dramatic gesture, danced a few fancy stepsin an elephantine manner, and stumped towards, the door.
"so be it,then!
we accept with pleasure, and i'll leave you to trim your hat."
whether or no any such embellishment did take place history sayeth not,but it is certain that darsie garnett made a very charming picture onthe following sunday afternoon, and that her dainty style of beautyshowed to peculiar advantage against the oak panelling of the statelyold room in which the head of --- college and his gracious, fragile-looking wife dispensed tea to their guests.
the first few minutes after their arrival were rather an ordeal to thetwo freshers, who had never before been present at such a gathering, andfelt themselves the cynosure of every eye; but the kindness of host andhostess soon put them at their ease.
a fair sprinkling of college men were in the room, handing round tea andcakes to the guests.
dan vernon greeted darsie with an illuminating"halloa!"
and his sister with an even shorter grunt; but it was onlywhen she was comfortably settled down to tea that darsie caught sight ofralph percival's fair, close-clipped head at the far side of the table.
he seemed in no hurry to speak to her--a fact duly scored against him inmiss darsie's mind, and this indifference served to pique her into amore vivacious reception of the attentions of his companions.
as hannah had foretold, her pretty friend held quite a little court asone man after another strolled up to join the animated group around herchair.
there were two other girls in that group, and a married womanwith a strikingly sweet face, who had been introduced as the sister ofthe hostess.
mrs reeves, as she was called, appeared to be on intimateterms with the men, and her presence, instead of acting as a restraint,only added to their enjoyment.
darsie thought that she was a charmingcreature, was conscious that she herself was being scrutinised withspecial attention, and sincerely hoped that the verdict was favourable.
it was a curious person who did not wish to stand well in aliciareeves's estimation!
suddenly ralph percival edged in at the back of the group, and stationedhimself by darsie with an air of possession.
"well, miss darsie garnett, isn't it about time that you had some talkwith me?"
darsie's tone was eloquent, and she looked ralph in theface with a quiet steadiness, at which he had the grace to blush.
hehad been in no hurry to claim acquaintanceship until her social successwas assured; she was fully aware of the fact, but her pique died a rapiddeath as she looked closely into the lad's face.
ralph at twenty-twowas as handsome as in his boyhood, handsomer, indeed, but there wereother changes, which the girl's eyes were quick to read; for though wemay keep silence with our tongue, the hand of time imprints marks uponour features which are unfailing guides to our spiritual progress ordecline.
for many months past ralph vernon had persistently allowed himself tofall short of his best, slacking in work, overstepping at play,abandoning "straightness" for a gathering mesh of deceit.
attached tohis name was an unsavoury reputation of card-playing for high stakes, ofdrinking too much, although not to the extent of actual drunkenness; andthe character had alienated from him the friendship of serious men, andevoked a disapproving aloofness in the manner of his instructors.
atthe moment when he most needed help those who were best fitted to giveit sedulously avoided his company, and in this first moment of meetingdarsie was tempted to follow their example.
horrid to look like that!
at his age to own those lines, those reddenedeyes, that dulled white skin!
up went the little head, the slender neckreared itself proudly, the red lips curled over small white teeth.
darsie intended to wither ralph by the sight of such obvious distaste,but with the easy vanity of his nature he attributed her airs to girlishpique at his own neglect, and was correspondingly elated thereat.
the little schoolgirl who had been his sister's friend had grown into a"stunning girl," with whom the men were evidently greatly impressed.
ralph decided that the hour had come to claim her as an old friend andtake her under his wing.
he sat himself down by her side andpersistently monopolised her attention.
"college life evidently suits you, darsie.
you are looking rippinglywell!"
sorry to be unable to return the compliment!"
ralph moved impatiently.
"don't _you_ begin that tune!
it isdinned into my ears from morning till night.
a fellow may swot himselfinto a rag, and not a word will be said, but if he oversteps an inch forhis own amusement there's the dickens to pay.
i said from the startthat i intended to have a good rag.
college is one of the best times ina man's life, and he's a fool if he doesn't make the most of hischance."
"it is also--incidentally--supposed to be a time for mentalimprovement," returned darsie in sententious tones, which brought uponher an instant rebuke.
"oh, for pity's sake don't come the newnham swag over me!
can't standthose girls as a rule.
avoid 'em like poison.
take my advice as an oldfriend and avoid that style as you would the plague.
you're too jollypretty to come the strong-minded female.
far better stick to your oldstyle.
men like it a heap better."
"it is a matter of perfect indifference to me _what_ men like!"
declareddarsie, not, it is to be feared, with absolute veracity.
"i am proud tobe a newnhamite, and if the girls do have a few mannerisms, they countfor precious little beside their virtues.
they are up to work, and they_do_ work with might and main, though there can be no place in the worldwhere there is no fun.
we are always having some prank or other--politicals, and cocoa-parties and hockey matches, and dances--""what's the fun of dances with no men to dance with?
wait till mayterm, and see what a real ball is like.
we'll have some river picnics,too, and breakfasts at the orchard.
there's lots to be done in summer,but just now there's nothing on but teas.
you must come to tea in myrooms.
i've got a slap-up study."
he turned towards mrs reeves andaddressed her with confident familiarity.
"mrs reeves will playchaperon, and i'll promise you the best cakes that cambridge canproduce."
"oh, yes, i'll play chaperon."
to darsie's surprise the sweet-facedwoman smiled back into ralph's face with friendly eyes, not appearingeven to notice the over-confidence of his manner.
"mr percival givescharming parties, and i can answer for it that his boast as to the cakesis justified.
i can never fathom where he gets them."
she turned to darsie with a little gesture of confidence, and slightlylowered her voice.
"i am known as `the professional chaperon.'
i hopeyou will engage my services if you are in need of such a personage, butperhaps we ought to know one another a little better first.
i shouldlike so much to know you!
will you come to see me one afternoon nextweek when you are free, and feel inclined for a chat?
i won't ask anyone else, so that we can have a real cosy time."
surprised and gratified, and more than a little flattered, darsiementioned her free hours, and received in return mrs reeves's cardbearing an address in grange road, then once more ralph engrossed herattention.
you might ask ida up for a night or two, and bring her along.
they'll let you have a friend now and then, and she'd like it all right.
awfully decent in writing to me, ida is, and fights my battles at home.
understand it's no good to jaw.
i'd like to have idaup for a bit."
"so would i.  i'll ask her with pleasure."
one of ralph's best pointshad been his affection for his sisters, and the reminder thereofsoftened darsie's heart.
she smiled at him with recovered friendliness.
"i'll ask ida, and you must ask dan and hannah vernon, and make a nicefamily party.
do you see much of dan?
i don't expect _he_ makes a ragof himself over amusement!"
ralph shrugged carelessly.
"i've no use for vernon!
good head forroutine work, but as a pal, dull as you make 'em!
i'll ask him once asyou make a point of it, but i don't fancy you'll want him twice.
as forthe sister--but perhaps i'd better not make any remarks?"
darsie said frostily.
"your manners have not improved,ralph.
i think, if you please, that i would rather not talk to you anymore for the present.
would you tell dan vernon that i want him to takeyour place?"
it was the first, the very first time in her life that darsie hadessayed the part of queening it over a member of the opposite sex, andthe success of the venture was startling even to herself.
ralphflushed, flinched, rose without a word, and stalked across the room tosummon dan as required; and dan came meekly forward, seated himself inthe discarded chair, and faced her with an air of solemn expectation.
his rugged face looked plain and roughly hewn in contrast with ralph'sclassical features, but the dark eyes were eloquent as of yore, and thesight of the tilted chin brought back a score of old-time memories.
darsie looked at him with satisfaction, but with a disconcertingblankness of mind as to what to say first.
from the other side of theroom ralph was looking on with cynical eyes; it was imperative that thesilence should be broken at once.
"dan, _please_ say something!
i wanted ralph to go, so i asked for you.
do please find something to say."
dan smiled broadly.
each time that she saw him smile darsie wonderedafresh how she could ever have thought him plain.
his dark eyes glowedupon her with the look she liked best to see.
"what am i to say?
it's good to see you here, darsie.
you are lookingvery--well!
everything going all right?
sure there's nothing i cando?"
darsie beamed happily.
at that moment there seemed nothing leftto wish.
dan's friendliness gave the finishing touch to her content,and the world was _couleur de rose_.
"i am loving it all more than iexpected.
the work's glorious, and the play's glorious, and i'm justabsorbed in both.
it's splendid, coming here to-day to see this lovelyold house and meet you again.
i thought you had forgotten all aboutme."
but dan had drawn back into his shell, and refused to be cajoled.
heglowered at the opposite wall for some minutes, then asked abruptly--"why did you send off percival?"
darsie hesitated, and then answered with discretion: "i hadtalked to him as much as i cared about for the moment, and i shall seehim soon again.
he is going to get up a tea-party for me, with thatsweet mrs reeves as chaperon.
i told him to ask you and hannah."
"you should not have done that!"
dan spoke with sharp displeasure.
"idon't care to accept percival's hospitality for myself, and certainlynot for my sister.
i shall tell hannah to refuse."
darsie glanced across to where hannah sat, a typical plain hannah atthat moment, with feet planted well apart, and on her face theexpression of dour determination which she adopted in moments ofboredom; from her to ralph percival, standing in graceful pose, hisfine, almost feminine, profile outlined clearly against the panelledwall, and, glancing, laughed softly to herself.
it seemed so ridiculousto think of this girl needing protection from this man.
"i fancy hannah is quite capable of looking after herself."
"i'm sure of it.
she's a new-comer, however, and she doesn't get intopercival's set if i can help it."
it can't be so bad if mrs reeves is willing to go.
she acceptedin a minute.
i heard her myself."
"she goes everywhere, to the wildest fellows' rooms.
she has her ownideas, no doubt, but i don't profess to understand them."
he hesitated,puckering his brows, and looking at her with dark, questioning eyes.
"ihave no authority over you, darsie, but i wish--""ralph saved my life," interrupted darsie simply.
dan looked at her sharply, stared with scrutinising attention at herface, but spoke no further word of protest.
he evidently realised, asdarsie did herself, that it would be a mean act to reject the friendshipof a man who had wrought so great a service.
half an hour later the two girls slowly wended their way past the towergateway of trinity, past caius, with its twinkling lights, statelyking's, and modest catherine's, to the homelike shelter of their owndear newnham.
cried hannah, breaking a long silence, "you had a big successand i had--_not_!
but you're not a bit happier than i, that i can see.
men are poor, blind bats.
i prefer my own sex; they are much morediscriminating, and when they like you--they _like_ you, and there's nomore shilly-shally.
those men never know their own minds!"
four days later darsie went by appointment to her _tete-a-tete_ tea withthe professional chaperon with a pleasurable expectation which waslargely streaked with curiosity.
if physiognomy counted for anything, mrs reeves must surely be a mostsweet and noble character.
her grey eyes looked into yours with astraight, transparent gaze, her lips closed one upon another firmlyenough to debar all trace of weakness, yet not so firmly as to hint atundue severity, her hair waved back from a broad white brow.
it was, asdan had said, difficult to understand how such a woman could be thewilling companion of men whom even fellow-students were anxious to shun.
darsie wondered if the afternoon's conversation would throw any lighton this knotty point.
she was shown, not into the drawing-room but into a cosy little den onthe second floor, a sort of glorious edition of a college study, wheremrs reeves sat reading by the fire, clad in a loose velvet gown of acurious reddish-brown, like the autumn tint of a leaf, which matched thehigh lights of her chestnut hair.
darsie watched her with fascinatedattention as she presided over the tea-table, with lithe, gracefulmovements which made a poem out of the every-day proceeding, and mrsreeves studied her in return, as she chatted lightly about a dozencasual subjects.
then the tea-things were carried away, and with thedrawing nearer to the fire conversation took a more intimate turn.
"i hope your friend did not think me inhospitable for not including herin my invitation to-day, but when i want to get to know a girl i preferto have her entirely to myself.
perhaps she will come another day.
vernon's sister ought to be worth knowing."
"you know dan?"
darsie's smile was somewhat anxious, for dan's ownmanner with respect to her hostess was still a disturbing element.
"youknow him well?"
"no," mrs reeves smiled; "not well.
but i like him well by repute!
vernon has no need of my services.
he is strong: enough to stand byhimself."
"you mean tea-parties?"
queried darsie vaguely, whereat mrs reevessubsided into a ripple of laughter.
"no, i do _not_ mean tea-parties--something very much wider.
i don'tfancy, however, that vernon is sociably disposed, and the authoritieshere are not inclined to encourage meetings between the men and girlstudents.
the head of his college is my brother-in-law, and one of yourdons is a very old friend, so i hear the question discussed from bothsides, and then--like a wise woman--i gang my own gait!
so long as menare men, and girls are girls, they are bound to attract each other; it'snatural and right, and when they are bound to meet in any case, it is mylittle hobby to help them to do so under the best conditions.
i flattermyself i am quite an expert in the art of being just chaperon enough,and not too chaperon, and i never refuse to act if i can possiblycontrive to do so."
dan said--" began darsie involuntarily, and then stopped shortwith a furious blush.
mrs reeves, however, did not share herdiscomfiture; she laughed, and said shrewdly--"oh, i have observed his disapproving eye.
i can guess what he said.
many people feel the same, who judge only from the surface, and don'ttake the trouble to realise my motives.
one doesn't explain such thingsto the world in general, but i want _you_ to understand.
if one manless admirable than another; if his friends and his entertainments areinclined to become rowdy and discreditable, does he need help _less_, ormore?
vernon and other men of his kind consider that they do their dutyby leaving such a man severely alone.
i find mine in being with him--just--as much--as ever i can!"
she emphasised the words by a series oftaps with the poker on the top of an obstinate coal, given in the mostdelightfully school-girlish manner.
"i chaperon his parties; i talk tohim and his friends; i make myself so agreeable that they love to haveme, and want to have me again.
i try with every power i possess toencourage all that is good, and kind, and honest, and cheering inthemselves and their conversation, and deftly, delicately, invisibly, asit were, to fight against everything that is mean and unworthy.
it'sdifficult, darsie!--i may call you darsie, mayn't i?
it's such abeguiling little name!--one of the most difficult feats a woman couldset herself to accomplish, and though i've had a fair measure ofsuccess, it's only a measure.
it's such a great big work.
think of allthat it means, that it _may_ mean to england, if we can keep these menfrom drifting, and give them a pull-up in time!
i am constantlylooking, looking out for fellow-workers.
that's why i invited you hereto-day--to ask _you_ to be on my side!"
darsie's gasp of amazement sounded throughout the room.
oh,you can't mean it!
what could i do?
i can do nothing--i'm only agirl!"
"only a girl!
but, dear child, that's your finest qualification!
youcan do more than i can ever accomplish, just because you _are_ a girl,and will be admitted to an intimacy which is impossible for me.
besides, darsie, you are a particularly pretty and attractive girl intothe bargain; you know that, don't you?
you _ought_ to know it, and bevery, very thankful for a great weapon given into your hands.
if youwill join the ranks with me, and act as my curate, you will immenselyincrease my power for good."
"but i can't!
i'd love to if i could, but you don't know howimpossible it is.
i couldn't preach to save my life."
"i'm thankful to hear it.
i don't want you to preach.
you'd soon loseyour influence if you did.
it's a case of _being_, darsie, rather thandoing; being your truest, sweetest, highest self when you are with thesemen, so that they may feel your influence through all the fun andbanter.
lots of fun, please; you can't have too much of that; a dullgirl is soon left to herself.
people in general don't half realise theinfluence of just right _thinking_--the atmosphere which surrounds aperson who is mentally fighting for good.
the sunbeams fall on the darkearth and soak up the poisoned waters, and so may our thoughts--ourprayers," she was silent for a few moments, her hand resting lightly ondarsie's knees.
"there is a girl in your house--margaret france--iexpect you know her!
she has been one of my best helpers these lastyears.
wherever margaret is there is fun and laughter; she is justbrimful of it, but--can you imagine any one going to margaret with anunworthy thought, an unworthy cause?
i want you to follow in hersteps!"
she paused again for a long minute, then said slowly and emphatically--"ralph percival needs help, darsie!
he has not fallen very low as yet,but he is drifting.
he is in a bad set, and, like too many of ourricher men, he lacks purpose.
they come up here because their fathershave been before them, and it is the correct thing to do.
there is noreal reason why they should work, or take a high place, but there seemsto themselves every reason why they should have a good time.
parentssometimes seem to hold more or less the same opinion; at others theyseem distressed, but powerless.
college authorities are regarded asnatural enemies; religious influences for the time beat on closed doors;now, darsie, here comes the chance for `only a girl!'
a man like ralphpercival, at this stage of his life, will be more influenced by a girllike you than by any power on earth.
it's a law of nature and of god,and if every girl realised it, it would be a blessed thing for the race.
i once heard a preacher say that so long as one dealt with generalprinciples, and talked broadly of the human race, there was very littledone.
we have to fine it down to _my next door neighbour_ before wereally set to work.
fine down what i have said to ralph percival,darsie, and help me with him!
he needs you.
help me topull him back!"
darsie nodded dumbly.
mrs reeves thought the expression on herdowncast face touchingly sweet and earnest, but even she missed the clueto the girl's inmost thought.
years ago she herself had been drifting, drifting towards death, andralph had stepped forward to save her; now, in an allegorical sense, thepositions were reversed, and she was summoned to the rescue.
there wasno refusing a duty so obvious.
heavy and onerous as the responsibilitymight be, it had been placed in her hands.
darsie braced herself to theburden.
it was christmas day; fifteen eventful months had passed by since darsiegarnett and hannah vernon had made their appearance in clough in thecharacter of modest and diffident freshers.
now, advanced to thedignity of second-year girls, they patronised new-comers with the best,and talked, thought, and behaved as though, deprived of their valuablesupport, the historical centre of cambridge must swiftly crumble to thedust.
the little air of assurance and self-esteem which seems inseparable froma feminine student had laid its hand on darsie's beauty, robbing it ofthe old shy grace, and on each fresh return to the old home clemence andlavender eloquently described themselves as "squelched flat" by thedignified young woman who sailed about with her head in the air, anddelivered an ultimatum on every subject as it arose, with an air of "myopinion is final.
let no dog bark!"
these mannerisms, however, were only, after all, a veneer; and when twoor three days of merry, rollicking family life had passed by, the olddarsie made her appearance once more, forgot to be learned and superior,forbore to refer to college and college ways in every second or thirdsentence, and showed a reviving interest in family affairs.
clemence was fatter than ever, a subject of intense mortification toherself, though at each fresh meeting she confided in whispered asidesthat she had "lost five pounds--ten pounds," as the case might be.
noone believed in these diminutions, but if one happened to be amiablydisposed, one murmured vaguely, and affected conviction; and if one werenot, one openly jeered and scoffed!
lavender was sentimental and wrotepoetry in which "pale roses died, in the garden wide, and the wind blewdrear, o'er the stricken mere."
she had advanced to the dignity of longskirts, and dressed her hair--badly!--in the latest eccentricity offashion.
vie vernon, on the contrary, had developed into a most elegant person,quite an accomplished woman of the world, darkly suspected of "going tobe engaged" to a young lawyer with a dark moustache, who had latelydeveloped a suspicious fondness for her father's company.
it really gave one quite a shock to realise _how_ grown-up the oldcompanions had become even the brothers harry and russell weretransformed into tall striplings who bought newspapers on their ownaccount, and preferred, actually _preferred_, to be clean rather thandirty!
it was a positive relief to listen to tim's loud voice, look athis grimy paws, and reflect that one member of the family was still inthe enjoyment of youth.
as usual, the postman's arrival was the first excitement of christmasmorning.
he brought with him an armful of letters and parcels, anddarsie was quick to spy ralph percival's handwriting upon one of thesmallest and most attractive-looking of the packets.
the colour came into her cheeks as she looked, but after holding theparcel uncertainly for a moment, she laid it down again, and proceededto open other letters and boxes, leaving this particular one to thelast.
an onlooker would have been puzzled to decide whether it was moredread or expectation which prompted this decision; and perhaps darsieherself could hardly have answered the question.
the table was soonspread with envelopes and wrappings of paper which had enclosedsouvenirs from college friends, and the more costly offerings from mrspercival and her girls, inscribed with the orthodox words of greeting.
darsie ranged them in order, and then, still hesitating, turned to thelast packet of all.
inside was a note folded so as to act as additional wrapper for a smallwhite box.
ralph's writing, large and well-formed like himself, filledthe half-sheet.
"dear darsie,--i hope you will accept the enclosed trifle which has beenmade for you, from my own design.
you will understand its meaning!
iam more than ever in need of pulling up!
don't fail a fellow, darsie!
inside the box lay a small but beautifully modelled anchor brooch, witha fine golden rope twined round the stock.
darsie looked at it with thesame mingling of joy and pain which seemed inseparable from each stageof her friendship with this attractive but irresponsible young man.
it was just like ralph to have thought of this pretty and graceful wayof expressing his sentiments, and it was not in girl nature to resist aglow of gratified vanity; but as she turned the golden anchor in herhands and realised the significance of the symbol, an old impatiencestirred in darsie's heart.
a man who trusted to another for anchoragein life, and who was ever in danger of breaking loose and drifting on tothe rocks, was not the strong knight of a young girl's dreams.
therewere moments when the protecting tenderness which had prompted the lastyear's efforts gave place to sudden intolerance and resentment.
inspired by mrs reeves's words in her first term at college, darsie hadset gallantly to the task of influencing ralph percival for good, andpreventing his further deterioration.
at first it had appeared aforlorn hope; and she would have despaired many a time if it had notbeen for the encouragement which she received from mrs reeves and her"curate," margaret france.
then gradually and surely her influence hadbegun to make itself felt.
it could not truthfully be said that she hadso inspired ralph that he had turned over a new leaf, and abandoned badpractices from a desire for the right itself.
if the truth must betold, desire for his pretty mentor's approbation and praise had been afar stronger factor in the improvement which seemed to have beeneffected.
ralph was emotional, and as his interest in darsie deepened into thesentimental attachment which seemed a natural development of theirintimacy, he grew increasingly anxious to stand well in her estimation.
during the may term there had been teas in the college gardens,breakfast parties at the orchard, picnics on the river, which hadafforded opportunities of _tete-a-tete_ conversations when, amidst theflowers and the sunshine, it had been quite an agreeable sensation tolament over one's weaknesses and shortcomings, and to receive in returnthe wisest of counsels from darsie's pretty lips.
"to please _you_, darsie!--i'm hanged if i care what other people think,but if _you_ ask me--" the promises gained were all couched in thispersonal vein.
"if you chuck me, darsie, i shan't worry any more."
this was the threat held out for the future.
unsatisfactory, if youwill, yet the fact remained that for the first part of the last termralph _had_ appeared to show greater interest in work than he had beforemanifested, and had been involved in a minimum of scrapes.
there were moments when, remembering these facts, darsie felt proudlythat she had not lived in vain; moments when ralph's dependence onherself and graceful acknowledgments of her help seemed the chiefinterest in life.
but there were also other moments when the bondbetween them weighed heavy as a chain.
in less than two years thetraining days would be over, ralph would be a man, and she herself awoman on the threshold of life.
would she be expected to play the partof permanent anchor, and, if so, could she, should she undertake thetask?
for the last few weeks of the term darsie had been so absorbed in herown surroundings that she had had no time or thought to bestow onoutside interests, and mrs reeves being abroad, no college news came toher ears from that source.
now since the beginning of the holidays ralph's name had hardly beenmentioned, since family interests were predominant, and darsie hadlearned from experience that the subject of "percival" was calculated tosend dan vernon into his most taciturn mood.
on this christmas morning, however, darsie was in a mood of somewhatreckless gaiety; let the future take care of itself.
for to-day, atleast, she was young and happy and free; the vernon family was comingover in bulk to spend the evening, when the presence of one of dan'schums would supply an agreeable element of novelty to the occasion.
notone single gloomy thought must be allowed to cloud the sunshine of thischristmas day!
dinner was served at seven o'clock, and was truly a festive occasion.
the dining-room table being unequal to the task of providingaccommodation for sixteen people, the schoolroom table had to be used asa supplement.
it was a good inch higher than the other, and suppliedwith a preponderance of legs, but these small drawbacks could not weighagainst the magnificent effect of the combined length, covered, as itwas, with fruit, flowers, and a plethora of bright red bonbons andcrackers.
the girls wore their prettiest evening frocks; the turkey,the goose, the plum-pudding, and the mince-pies were all paragons oftheir kind, while dessert was enlivened by the discovery of smallsurprise presents cunningly hidden away within hollowed oranges, apples,and nuts.
silver thimbles, pocket-calendars, stamp-cases, sleeve-links,and miniature brooches, made their appearance with such extraordinaryunexpectedness that darsie finally declared she was afraid to venture toeat even a grape, lest she might swallow a diamond alive!
when the hilarious meal had come to an end, the company adjourned into adrawing-room illumined by firelight only, but such firelight!
for overa week those logs had been stacked by the kitchen grate so that theymight become "as dry as tinder."
placed in the big grate, they sent up a leaping, crackling flame whichwas in itself an embodiment of cheer, and when the sixteen chairs werefilled and ranged in a circle round the blaze, there was a christmaspicture complete, and as goodly and cheery a picture as one need wish tosee.
a basket of fir-cones stood at either side of the grate, and theorder of proceedings was that each guest in turn should drop a cone intothe heart of the fire, and relate an amusing story or coincidence thewhile it burned.
results proved that the amount of time so consumedvaried so strangely that suggestions of foul play were made by more thanone raconteur.
"it's not fair!
some one has got at these cones!
some of them havebeen soaked to make them damp!--"be that as it may, no one could possibly have foretold who would happento hit on this particular cone, so that the charge of injustice fellswiftly to the ground.
mrs garnett opened the ball with a coincidence taken from her own life,the cone burning bright and blue the while.
"when i was a girl of twenty, living at home with my father and mother,i had a curiously distinct dream one night about a certain mrdalrymple.
we knew no one of that name, but in my dream he appeared tobe a lifelong friend.
he was a clergyman, about sixty years of age--nothandsome, but with a kind, clever face.
he had grey hair, and heavyblack eyebrows almost meeting over his nose.
i was particularlyinterested in his appearance, because--this is the exciting part!--inmy dream i was engaged to him, and we were going to be married thefollowing month...  next morning, when i awoke, the impression left wasunusually distinct, and at breakfast i made them all laugh over mymatrimonial plans.
my sisters called me `mrs dalrymple' for severaldays, and then the joke faded away, and was replaced by something newerand more exciting.
two years passed by, and then, in the summerholidays, i went to scotland to pay a visit.
a slight accident on theline delayed me at a small station for a couple of hours, and i strolledthrough the village to pass the time by seeing what could be seen.
itwas a dull little place, and the principal street was empty of every onebut a few children until, when i reached the end, a man in a black coatcame suddenly out of a house and walked towards me.
he was tall andelderly and thin, his hair was grey, his eyebrows were dark and met in apeak over his nose.
my heart gave a great big jump, for it was the faceof the man i had seen in my dream--the man who was to have been myhusband!
you can imagine my surprise!
it was many, many months since ihad given a thought to the silly old dream, but at the first glance atthat face the memory of it came back as clear and distinct as on themorning after it had happened.
i walked towards him quite dazed withsurprise, and then another extraordinary thing happened!
he wasevidently short-sighted, and could not distinguish figures at adistance, but presently, as we drew nearer together, he in his turnstarted violently, stared in my face as if he could hardly believe hiseyes, and then rushed forward and seized me by the hand.
`i _am_ gladto see you--i _am_ glad!
this _is_ a pleasure!
when did you come?'
poor old man!
my blank face showed him his mistake, and he dropped myhand and began to mumble out apologies.
`i've made a mistake.
ithought you were--i thought you were--' he frowned, evidently searchedin vain for a clue, and added feebly, `i thought i knew you.
_your faceis so familiar_!'
it was all over in a minute.
he took off his hat,and hurried on overcome with embarrassment, and i turned mechanically inthe direction of the church.
it was closed, but by the gate stood aboard bearing the hours of services, and beneath them the name of theminister of the parish.
i read it with a thrill.
the name was `_therev.
mrs garnett lay back in her chair with the contented air of a_raconteuse_ who has deftly led up to a _denouement_, and her audiencegasped in mingled surprise and curiosity.
"what an extraordinary thing!
and what happened next?"
mrs garnett chuckled contentedly.
"i met your father, married him, and lived happily ever after!
as formr dalrymple, i never met him again nor heard his name mentioned.
thesequel is not at all exciting, but it was certainly an extraordinarycoincidence, and caused me much agitation at the time.
i have timedmyself very well--my cone has just burned out.
who's turn comes next?"
there followed a somewhat lengthened pause while every one nudged anext-door neighbour, and disdained responsibility on his own account.
then mr vernon stepped into the breach.
"i heard a curious thing the other day.
a friend of mine was takensuddenly ill on a hillside in switzerland, was carried into a chalet andmost kindly tended by the good woman.
when, at the end of severalhours, he was well enough to leave, he wished to make her a present ofmoney.
she refused to take it, but said that she had a daughter inservice in england, and that it would be a real pleasure to her, if,upon his return, my friend would write to the girl telling her of hisvisit to the old home.
he asked for the address, and was told, `marysmith, care of mr spencer, the towers, chestone.'
he read it, lookedthe old woman in the face and said, `_i_ am mr spencer!
_i_ live atthe towers, chestone; and my children's nurse is called mary smith!'
i can vouch for the absolute truth of that coincidence, and ithink you will find it hard to beat."
"and what did he say to the nurse?"
asked literal clemence, to thedelight of her brothers and sisters, whose imaginary dialogues betweenmaster and maid filled the next few minutes with amusement.
dan's friend hailed from oxford, and gave a highly coloured account of apractical joke in several stages, which he had played on an irritatingacquaintance.
the elder members of the party listened with awe, ifwithout approval, but tim showed repeated signs of restlessness, and ina final outburst corrected the narrator on an all-important point.
"that's the way they had it in _britain's boys_!"
he declared, whereuponthe oxford man hid his head under an antimacassar, and exclaimedtragically that all was discovered!
"now it's darsie's turn!
tell us astory, darsie--an adventure, your own adventure when you went out inthat punt, and the mill began working--""why should i tell what you know by heart already?
you'd only bebored."
"oh, but you never tell a story twice over in the same way," persistedclemence with doubtful flattery.
"and mr leslie has never heard it.
i'm sure he'd be interested.
it really _was_ an adventure.
ralph percival is _so_ good-looking!"
"i fail to see what his looks have to do with it," said darsie in hermost newnham manner.
"strong arms were more to the purpose, and thosehe certainly does possess."
"strong arms--stout heart!"
murmured lavender in sentimental aside.
"well, then, tell about the treasure-hunt in the percivals' garden--andhow you--you know!
go on--that's another _real_ adventure."
"all miss darsie's adventures seem to have been in connection with thepercival family!"
remarked the oxford man at this point.
darsie flushed with annoyance, and retired determinedly into her shell.
she was seated almost in the centre of the circle, between her fatherand john vernon, and the leaping light of the fire showed up her faceand figure in varying shades of colour.
now she was a rose-maiden,dress, hair, and face glowing in a warm pink hue; anon, the rose changedinto a faint metallic blue, which gave a ghostlike effect to the slimform; again, she was all white--a dazzling, unbroken white, in which thelittle oval face assumed an air of childlike fragility and pathos.
asshe sat with her hands folded on her knee, and her head resting againstthe dark cushions of her chair, more than one of the company watched herwith admiration: but darsie was too much occupied with her own thoughtsto be conscious of their scrutiny.
as each story-teller began his narrative, she cast a momentary glance inhis direction, and then turned back to fire-gazing once more.
once ortwice she cast a curious glance towards the far corner where dan vernonwas seated, but he had drawn his chair so far back that nothing could bedistinguished but the white blur of shirt-front.
darsie wondered if danwere uninterested, bored, asleep--yet as her eyes questioned thedarkness she had the strangest impression of meeting other eyes--dark,intent eyes, which stared, and stared--vie vernon was telling "a _most interesting_ coincidence," her openingsentence--"it was told to me by a friend--a lawyer,"--causingsurreptitious smiles and nudges among her younger hearers.
"there was agirl in his office--a typewriting girl.
all the money had been lost--""whose money?
the lawyer's or the office's?"
don't be silly.
the girl's father's, of course."
"you never told us that she had a father!"
"russell, if you interrupt every minute, i won't play.
of course he'dlost it, or the girl wouldn't have been a typist.
any one would knowthat!
ed--the lawyer did sea-sort of business--what do you call it?--marine things--and the girl typed them.
years before a brother haddisappeared--""the lawyer's brother?"
i'm sorry i began.
you are so disagreeable, the _girl's_ uncle,of course, and they often wanted to find him, because he was rich, andmight have helped them now they were poor.
one day, when she was typingout one of the depositions--""ha!"
the unusual word evoked unanimous comment.
how legal we are becoming, to be sure!"
vie flushed, and hurried on breathlessly--"she came across the name of john h.  rose, and she wondered if the h.meant hesselwhaite, for that was her uncle's second name, and she lookedit up in the big document, and it _was_ him, and he was on the westcoast of south america, and they wrote to him, and he left them a lot ofmoney, and they lived happy ever after."
polite murmurs of astonishment from the elders, unconcealed sniggeringsfrom the juniors, greeted the conclusion of this thrilling tale, andthen once more darsie was called upon for her contribution, and thistime consented without demur.
i've thought of a story.
it's about a managing clerk whowas sent to madrid on business for his firm.
i didn't know him myself,so don't ask questions!
while he was in madrid he went to the opera onenight, and sat in a box.
just opposite was another box, in which sat abeauteous spanish maid.
he looked at her, and she looked at him.
theykept looking and looking.
at last he thought that she smiled, and wavedher fan as if beckoning him to come and speak to her.
so in the firstinterval the eager youth made his way along the richly carpetedcorridors; but just as he reached the door of the box it opened, and aman came out and put a letter into his hand.
it was written in spanish,which the youth did not understand; but, being filled with a frenzy ofcuriosity to know what the fair one had to say, he decided to run to hishotel, and get the manager to translate it without delay.
well, hewent; but as soon as the manager had read the note he started violently,and said in a manner of the utmost concern: `i exceedingly regret, sir,to appear inhospitable or inconsiderate, but i find it my painful dutyto ask you to leave my hotel within an hour.'
the clerk protested,questioned, raged, and stormed, but all in vain.
the manager refusedeven to refer to the letter; he simply insisted that he could entertainhim no longer in the hotel, and added darkly: `it would be well for thesenor to take the first train out of spain.'
"alarmed by this mysterious warning, the unhappy youth accordingly shookoff the dust from his feet and returned to london, where he confided hiswoes to his beloved and generous employer.
the employer was a spanishmerchant and understood the language, so he naturally offered to solvethe mystery.
no sooner, however, had his eye scanned the brief lines,than a cloud shadowed _his_ expressive countenance, and he addressedhimself to the youth more in sorrow than in anger.
`it grieves me tothe heart, mr--er--_bumpas_,' he said, `to sever our connection afteryour faithful service to the firm; but, after the perusal of this note,i have unfortunately no choice.
if you will apply to the cashier hewill hand you a cheque equal to six months' salary; but i must ask youto understand that when you leave my office this morning it is for thelast time!'"
a rustle of excitement from the audience, a momentary glimpse of dan'sface in the flickering light, testified to the interest of thisextraordinary history.
darsie bent forward to encourage her fir-cone with a pat from the poker,and continued dramatically--"bewildered, broken-hearted, almost demented, the unfortunate youthbetook him to an uncle in america (all uncles seem to live in america),who received him with consideration, listened to his sad tale, and badehim be of good cheer.
`by a strange coincidence' (coincidence again!)
said the worthy man, `there sups with me to-night a learned professor oflanguages, resident at our local college.
he, without doubt, will makeplain the mysterious contents of the fatal note!'
punctual to his hourthe professor arrived, and the harassed youth hailed with joy the end ofhis long suspense.
whatever might be the purport of the words writtenin that fatal paper, the knowledge thereof could not be worse than thefate which had dogged his footsteps ever since that tragic night when hehad first cast eyes on the baleful beauty of the spanish maid.
yetmight it not be that once again the sight of these words would send himwandering homeless o'er the world--that the stream of his uncle'sbenevolence might be suddenly damned by a force mysterious asinexorable?
"trembling with emotion, the young man thrust his hand into his pocketto bring forth this mystic note--"darsie paused dramatically.
"he discovered that it was not there!
in the course of his longwanderings it had unfortunately been mislaid."
the clamour of indignation which followed this _denouement_ can bebetter imagined than described but the example having been set,wonderful how many stories of the same baffling character were revivedby the different members of the company during the remainder of thefirelight _stance_.
so wild and exaggerated did the narratives become,indeed, that the meeting broke up in confusion, and took refuge in thoseadmittedly uproarious christmas games which survived from the happynursery days, when "to make as much noise as we like" seemed the climaxof enjoyment.
and so ended christmas day for the joint ranks of the vernons andgarnetts.
on boxing day, lavender excused herself from joining a rinking party,and lay curled up on a sofa reading a christmas number.
the following morning she stayed in bed to breakfast, and complained ofa swollen face.
on the third day, the sight of the huge cheeks anddoubled chin sent the family flying for the doctor, and the tragicverdict of "mumps" was whispered from mouth to mouth.
mumps in the christmas holidays!
isolation for the victim for days,even weeks; the risk of infection for others; the terrible, unthinkablepossibility of "missing a term"!
mrs vernon came nobly to the rescue,and invited darsie to spend the remainder of the holidays under herroof, since, with a tripos in prospect, every precaution must be takenagainst infection.
for the rest, lavender's own little eyrie wassituated at the end of a long top passage, and might have beenoriginally designed for a sanatorium and there, in solitary state, thepoor mumpy poetess bewailed her fate, and besought the compassion of hercompanions.
letters were not forbidden, and she therefore found a sadsatisfaction in pouring out her woes on paper, as a result of whichoccupation the following poetical effusion presently found its way tothe schoolroom party--  "all gay and fair the scene appeared:  i was a gladsome maid;  when the dire hand of circumstance  upon my life was laid.
upon the eve of festal day  the first dread symptoms fell;  and those who should have sympathised,  whose tender words i would have prized,  did sneer, and jeer, and with loud cries,  ascribe the reason to mince-pies!
"what time i woke the third day morn,  by mirror was the sad truth borne;  not alone exile, grief, and pain  must fill my cup--but also _shame_!
gone is my youthful glee and grace,  i have an elephantine face;  my cheeks are gross, which were so thin;  i have a loathsome pendant chin.
all who behold me smile aside,  and their derision barely hide.
oh, cruel fate!
instead of tears,  in my sad plight i get but jeers.
"friends, comrades, readers of this ditty,  if heart ye have, on me have pity.
go not unthinking on your way,  content to sing, content to play,  while i and mumps sit here alone  in an unending, drear `at home.'
put wits to work, think out some way  to cheer the captive's lonely day,  forget yourself, and think of me,  and doubly blessed you shall be.
for since the days of earliest youth  you have been brought up on this truth--  to help the ailing by your side  is the true work of christmas-tide!"
to disregard so touching an appeal being plainly an impossibility, animpromptu committee meeting was held in the vernons' study, when theidea of an open-air melodrama was proposed, and carried withacclamation.
a melodrama acted in the back garden, underneathlavender's window, opened out prospects of amusement for the actors aswell as the audience, and a rainy afternoon was passed in the merriestfashion discussing the plot, characters, and costume.
darsie sat on the hearthrug, and prodded the fire vigorously to markeach point scored.
vie wrote from dictation at the centre table.
dansat chuckling in his own particular chair, and allowed himself to becast as hero with lamblike calm, and plain hannah affected diredispleasure at being passed over for the part of beauteous maid.
it waslike the dear old days when they had all been young--_really_ young--inpinafores and pigtails, with no dread of coming tripos, no agitationabout youthful lawyers to chase away sleep at night!
looking backthrough the years, that hour stood out in remembrance as one mosthappily typical of the dear home life.
the programme was delicious.
vie discovered a great sheet of whitepaper, left over from the parcel wrappings of the week before; danprinted the words in his most dashing fashion; john nailed it on the lidof a packing-chest, and the whole party escorted it round the terrace tothe garnett dwelling, and waited in the street beneath until it wasconveyed upstairs, and lavender, discreetly swathed in a shawl, appearedat her lighted window and waved a towel in triumph.
this was the programme--  on wednesday afternoon next (_weather permitting_)  in aid of the fund for sick and suffering spinsters  a first performance will be given of  the blood-curdling and hair-raising melodrama entitled  the blue cabbage  by allthelotofus.
efflorescence (a guileless maid)--miss darsie garnett.
meretricia (1st villainess)--mr harry garnett.
mycrobe (2nd villainess)--mr russell garnett.
elijah b.  higgins (hero)--mr dan vernon.
sigismund la bas (a false caitiff)--mr percy lister.
d.  spenser (certificated poisonmonger)--mr john vernon.
endeavora (a well-meaner)--miss clemence garnett.
the greek chorus--miss hannah vernon.
_n.b.--_there is no cabbage!
imagine the feelings of a solitary invalid on receipt of such aprogramme as the above--a programme of an entertainment organised,composed, and designed wholly and solely for her own amusement!
lavender's mumps were at a painful stage--so sore, so stiff, so heavy,that she felt all face, had no spirit to read, craved for companionship,and yet shrank sensitively from observing eyes.
let those jeer who may,it _is_ an abominable thing to feel a martyr, and look a clown, and poorlavender's sensitive nature suffered acutely from the position.
it was good to feel that to-morrow something exciting was going tohappen--that she would be amused, cheered, comforted; that her dearcompanions would be near her, so near that once again she would feel oneof the merry throng.
if only it were fine!
really and truly lavender felt that she could notsupport the blow if it were _wet_.
mumps seem to sap the constitutionof moral force; if she could not see the melodrama, she would weep likea child!
it _was_ fine, however.
the very elements conspired in her behalf, andproduced a still, unshiny day, when the pageant of the melodramaappeared to the best advantage, and the voices rose clear and distinctto that upper window, before which lavender stood, a muffled figure, ina fur coat and cap, and a great wool shawl swathed round face and neckafter the fashion of an english veil.
the melodrama proved even more thrilling than had been expected.
onhis, or her, first appearance on the scene, each character advanced to aspot directly in front of the upstairs window, and obligingly relatedthe salient points of his life, character, and ambitions, together witha candid exposition of his intentions towards the other members of thecast; the while hannah, as greek chorus, interposed moral remarks andreflections on the same.
after an indulgent hearing of theseconfessions, it would appear that two ambitions were common to theactors--either they wished to elope with the hero or heroine, or topoison the false caitiff, and the villainess number one or two, or sucha contingent of these worthies as excluded themselves.
the well-meaner assiduously endeavoured to foil these intents, andreceived the scant amount of encouragement which falls to well-meaninginterference in real life; the certified poisonmonger presided overthree tin pails of liquids, labelled respectively, "lingering,""sudden," and "a highly superior article in writhes and coils.
aspatronised by the empress of china" and the demand for these wares wasnaturally brisk in so quarrelsome a company: the false caitiff chose asudden death for his rival, the hero; meretricia, the first villainess,poisoned the caitiff by a more lingering means; villainess number two,under the false impression that the hero had given his heart tomeretricia, poisoned that good lady, sparing no money on the deed,whereby russell was afforded an admirable opportunity of exhibiting hiswriggling powers.
the guileless maid poisoned herself with the dregs inher lover's glass; and the poisonmonger, fatigued with the rush ofchristmas business, fainted away, and, being revived by potions from hisown pails, survived only long enough to administer a forcible dose inrevenge.
the well-meaner's fate differed from that of her companions inthat she was insidiously poisoned by each actor in turn, so that,figuratively speaking, the curtain descended upon a row of corpses, inthe midst of which the greek chorus intoned exemplary precepts andadvice.
hannah, as greek chorus, was by common consent pronounced the star ofthe company, her interpolated reflections being so droll and to thepoint that even the lingering victims found themselves overcome withlaughter.
as for the audience, her joy, though great, was not unmixed with pain.
as the melodrama approached its critical point the actors could see herat her window, holding up her mumps with either hand, and the piteousplea--"don't make me laugh!
don't make me laugh!"
floated down on thewintry air.
next day lavender was worse, and melodramas were banned as a means ofrecreation; but she sent a touching message of thanks to the troupe, inwhich she declared that "the joy outweighed the pain," so that, allthings considered, "the blue cabbage" was voted a great success.
no sooner did the news of lavender's illness, and darsie's consequentabsence from home, reach the percival household than three separateletters were dispatched, insisting that at least a part of the remainingholidays should be spent at the manor.
pray why, the girls demanded, should hannah vernon be allowed to engrossdarsie, when she enjoyed her society practically the whole year round?
it was unjust, mean, contemptible.
they were so dull and sad thischristmas-time.
wouldn't darsie come?
pray why, inquired ralph ingenuously, did darsie not come when she hadthe chance?
she knew that he would be glad to see her.
it was quitehorribly dull.
the parents were absurdly humped--mrs percival's words were few but disturbing: "i want to consult withyou about ralph.
you have more influence over him than any one else.
do come, dear child, if you possibly can."
in face of the last letter it was impossible to say no.
darsie was notsure that she wanted to say no; on the other hand, she was aggravatinglyuncertain if she wanted to say yes.
at college and at home alike theatmosphere was at once austere and bracing; it would be agreeable tolive for a time in the lap of luxury--to be regarded as a miracle ofcleverness and beauty; which treatment was invariably bestowed upon herduring her visits to the manor.
she would enjoy staying with thepercivals, but she would be sad to miss the cosy hours when dan and hisfriend, percy lister, joined the little party in the old study, and theyall talked together round the fire.
what talks they had; what themesthey discussed!
what animated discussions sprang from a casual word,and were pursued with a go and a spirit which seem to exist only on suchinformal occasions.
sometimes they laughed and quipped, and beheldeverything from the comic point of view; anon, a sudden spirit ofearnestness would pass from one to the other, and as the fading lighthid their faces from view, tongues were set free, so that they talked ofthe things which mattered, the towering realities which lay at the heartof life!
during these discussions dan invariably seated himself in thedarkest corner, and darsie, looking across, had again and again theimpression of deep eyes staring--staring!
vie vernon considered thepercivals "grasping creatures," and didn't care who knew it; hannah wasplacidly unconcerned; dan made no remark; percy lister was leavinghimself, and considered that things "fitted in well."
altogether, incomparison with the enthusiasm of the invitation, the opposition wasblightingly resigned.
darsie tossed her head, packed her boxes, andprepared to depart a whole three days sooner than she had originallyintended.
on the afternoon before her departure a party was made up for the rink,but at the last moment darsie excused herself, and declared a wish tostay at home.
there were several pieces of sewing and mending whichwere necessary, there was a letter to be written to margaret france, anda farewell ode to cheer poor lavender.
a gas fire in her bedroomallowed her to perform these tasks in solitude, but as soon as they weresatisfactorily accomplished she made her way downstairs to the study,prepared to enjoy an hour over an interesting book.
the gas was unlit, the usual large fire blazed in the grate; an arm-chair was drawn up to the side, and within it sat dan, head leaning onhand, in an attitude which spoke of weariness and dejection.
he raised his eyes and looked at her, and darsie shut the door and cameforward eagerly.
back again so soon?
is anything wrong?"
"but you look strange.
you--you didn't hurt yourself at the rink?"
"quite, quite sure?"
darsie subsided on to her favourite seat--the hearthrug--with a littlesigh of relief.
"that's all right.
you're very monosyllabic, dan.
shall i disturb youif i sit here for a time?"
"a hundred thanks!
you are _too_ gracious.
i can be quiet if you like.
i like staring into the fire and dreaming myself."
dan did not answer.
darsie peered at him, moving her little head fromside to side so as to get the clearest view.
he looked very large--agreat shapeless mass of dark in the old red chair.
she liked the bigness of him, felt the old satisfaction at sight of thestrong, rugged face, the old craving for confidence and approval.
strange how different one felt in company with different people.
_tete-a-tete_ with ralph percival, darsie felt a giant of strength andresource--assured, self-confident, a bulwark against which others mightlean.
with dan, well, with dan she was just a slip of a girl, consciousof nothing so much as her own weaknesses, mental and physical; herdifficult gropings, compared with his clear vision; her tiny hands andwrists, compared with his big sinewy paw; her slim form, compared to thebulk of the square-cut shoulders.
never--darsie realised it with asmile--never did she feel so humble and diffident as when in dan'ssociety; yet, strangely enough, the sensation was far from disagreeable.
"is anything the matter?
between you and me!
you don't happen to besnarkey, do you, about anything i've done?"
"why should you think i am `snarkey'?"
you're not a bit sociable and friendly--even_your_ sort of sociability.
i'm a guest in your mother's house if i'mnothing else and it's your duty to be civil."
"haven't i always been civil to you, darsie?"
darsie drew a quick breath of impatience and, seizing upon the poker,beat at the unoffending coal as the best method of letting off steam.
"you are so painfully literal.
i can _feel_ what other people arethinking, however much they try to disguise it."
"how do _i_ feel, for example?"
darsie turned her head and stared curiously into dan's face.
the handon which it leaned shielded it somewhat from view, but, even so, therewas something in the intent gaze which filled her with a strange newdiscomfort.
she turned back to her poking once more.
"i think--there's something that i don't understand--i think--there'ssomething you disapprove!
i'm a very good girl, and i work very hard,and i'm fond of my friends, and i expect them to be fond of me inreturn.
i don't _like_ you to disapprove, dan!"
"i can't help it, darsie.
i've hated that friendship from thebeginning, and i hate it more with every month that passes."
_that_ old story."
darsie's voice took a tone of impatience; forit was annoying to find that dan was harking back on the well-knownsubject of dispute.
"well, i'm sorry to distress you, but i amconceited enough to believe that i have taken no harm from my friendshipwith ralph percival, and that he has reaped some little good from mine.
while that state of thing continues, i shall certainly refuse to givehim up--even to please you!"
there was silence for several moments, then dan said slowly--"if i agreed with your conclusions, i should not try to persuade you,darsie; but i do not, and my opportunities of judging are better thanyours."
"you are unfair, dan.
it is a pity to allow yourself to be soprejudiced that you can't give a fair judgment.
i should have imaginedthat even you would be forced to admit that ralph had done better thisterm."
dan did not speak.
he turned his head and looked darsie full in theeyes, and there was in his look a puzzled, questioning air, which shefound it difficult to understand.
when he spoke again, it was not toreply in any direct way to her accusation, but to ask a question on hisown account.
"darsie, do you mind telling me--is your position entirelydisinterested?
do you look upon the fellow merely as a man to behelped, or do you care for him for his own personal sake?"
the firelight played on her downcast face, on thelong white throat rising from the low collar of her white blouse, on thelittle hands clenched round the steel poker.
before her mind's eyearose the memory of handsome, melancholy eyes; imagination conjured backthe sound of impassioned appeals.
her expression softened, her voicetook a deeper note.
"he needs me, dan!"
that was her answer.
dan nodded in silence, accepting it as sufficient.
he rose from his chair, and paced up and down the room, hands thrustdeep into his trouser pockets, head held back with the characteristicforward tilt of the chin.
darsie, watching him, thought involuntarilyof a caged animal striving restlessly against the bars.
her heart gavea little throb of relief when he spoke again in his own natural voice.
"all right, darsie.
good luck to your efforts!
i appreciate yourintentions, and am only sorry that i can't agree.
according to mybelief no one can help a man who refuses to help himself.
we've got tofight our own battles, and to bear our own burdens!
if some one stepsforward and offers to undertake for us, we may imagine for a time thatwe are set free, but it's a mistake!
sooner or later the time comeswhen we're bound to fight it out alone, and it doesn't get easier forbeing deferred.
everything that is worth learning in life we have toworry out for ourselves!"
darsie drew a long, trembling sigh.
how puzzling life was, when the twopeople on whose judgment you most relied delivered themselves ofdirectly opposing verdicts!
mrs reeves believed that her help was all-important to ralph's progress; dan insisted that her efforts were invain.
was he right?
was he wrong?
could she honestly assure herself thatralph was stronger, more self-reliant, more able to stand alone withoutthe stimulus of constant support and encouragement?
instinctivelydarsie's hand went up to touch the little golden brooch which fastenedthe lace collar of her blouse.
if the anchor were withdrawn, wouldralph drift once more towards the rocks?
the answer was difficult.
shepondered it aloud, speaking in low, anxious tones, with lengthenedpauses between the words.
"we're both right, dan.
we've both got hold of _bits_ of the truth!
inthe end we must win through for ourselves, but surely, in preparationfor the battle, we can give each other _some_ help.
some natures seemmade to stand, and others to lean.
a prop is not of much account, butit may serve to keep a plant straight while it is gathering strength.
the big oaks need no props; they are so strong that they can'tunderstand; they have no pity for weakness."
dan stopped short in his pacings.
"that meant for me, darsie?"
just as you please!
oaks are nice things--big, and strong, andrestful, but just a little bit inclined to grow--_gnarled_!"
dan vouchsafed no reply, and darsie sat, hands clasped round knees,staring into the fire for five long, silent minutes.
she was hopingthat dan would never grow "gnarled" towards herself, longing for him tospeak and promise that he would not, but he still remained silent, andpresently the door burst open, the rinking party appeared on thethreshold, and the opportunity for quiet conclave was over.
seated alone in the train, _en route_ for her visit to the percivals,darsie had time to think in a more quiet and undisturbed fashion thanhad been possible in the past bustling days, and a disagreeable feelingof apprehension arose in her mind as she recalled the wording of thethree invitations.
in each was present the same note of depression, thesame hint of trouble in connection with the son of the house.
couldanything have happened of which she was unaware?
no letter from themanor had reached her for some weeks past, but letters were proverbiallyscarce at christmas-time, so that it would be foolish to argue ill fromthat fact alone.
darsie braced herself physically and mentally, squaredher shoulders, and resolutely dismissed gloomy thoughts.
noreen and ralph met her at the station, looking reassuringly cheerfuland at ease a magnificent new motor stood in waiting outside, with acart for the luggage.
inside the beautiful old house the atmosphere waswarmed by hot pipes, and scented with the fragrance of hothouse plants,banked together in every corner.
it was not the usual case of beingwarm and cosy inside a room, and miserably chilled every time onecrossed a passage or ascended the stairs.
mrs percival and the girlswere marvels of elegance in parisian gowns, ralph looked his handsomestin knickerbocker suit and gaiters, and the servants moved noiselessly toand fro, performing their tasks with machine-like accuracy.
extraordinary how complete a change of scene may take place betweenlunch and tea!
how swiftly a new atmosphere makes the old unreal!
as darsie sat drinking her tea in the old wainscoted hall, it seemedimpossible to realise that such things as poverty and struggle were inexistence; even the shabby bustle and squeeze of her own dear homebecame incredible in the face of this spacious, well-ordered calm!
mrs percival made no attempt at private conversation, and showed notrace of "ulterior motive" in manner or conversation, which was a hugerelief to darsie's mind.
she was not in a mood for seriousconversation; what she wanted was the usual percival offering of praise,admiration, and petting, and this was bestowed upon her with even morethan the usual generosity.
the grey-whiskered old squire kissed her onboth cheeks; the girls assured her that she was prettier than ever, andgreeted her feeblest sallies with bursts of delighted laughter.
ralphgazed at her with adoring eyes; it was all, as darsie had been wont toremark, most grateful and comforting!
the first evening passed pleasantly enough, though there was anoticeable effort on the part of each member of the family to keep theconversation from touching upon the subject of ralph's affairs.
anyreference to cambridge was taboo, as darsie swiftly discovered, butthere were many points of interest left, which were both pleasant andamusing to discuss.
the next morning--the last morning of the year--broke fine and bright,and the view seen through the long windows of the dining-room was almostas beautiful as in summer itself.
the park showed the same stretch ofvelvet green, a belt of evergreens and tall scotch firs filled up thefar distance, while the leafless boughs of elms and beeches made a lace-like tracery against the sky.
to the right the old cedar stood calm andunmoved, as it had stood while generations of percivals had lived, andloved, and sorrowed, and died.
when breakfast was over--and breakfast in the country is a meal whichpursues a calm and leisurely course--the four young people strolled intothe porch to discuss the programme for the day.
"darsie is nerving herself to look at the horses' tails!"
it was a percival peculiarity, agreeable or irritatingaccording to the mood of the hearer, that they never by any chanceforgot a remark, but continually resurrected it in conversation foryears to come.
never a morning had darsie spent at the manor that shehad not been reminded of scathing comments on the habit of daily visitsto kennels and stables, as delivered by herself on the occasion of herfirst visit.
to-day, however, she had only time to grimace a reply,before ida continued cheerfully--"you won't be asked, my dear!
we have something far more important onhand.
you have walked right into the jaws of the tenants' annual newyear's treat, and will have to tire your hands decorating all themorning, and your gums smiling all the evening.
it's an all-day-and-night business, and we get home at cock-crow in a state of collapse--""it's held in the village hall," noreen took up the tale, slippingunconsciously into what darsie called her "squire's-eldest-daughter-manner."
"quite a nice building.
we make it look festive with wreaths andbunting.
they think so much of decorations!"
("they" in percivalparlance alluded to the various tenants on the estate.)
"we try to thinkof something novel each year as a surprise.
they like surprises.
we'vearranged with half a dozen girls to be there to help.
quite nice girls,daughters of the principal farmers.
you must be _quite_ sweet to them,darsie, please!
it is our principal meeting of the year, and we make apoint of being friendly."
"must i really?"
darsie assumed an expression of dejection.
it's so seldom i get an opportunity of being proud andgrand.
what's the good of staying at a manor house, and driving downwith `the family,' if i have to be meek and friendly like any one else?
couldn't you introduce me as the lady claire, and let me put on airs fora treat?
it would act as a contrast to your `friendly ways,' and makethem all the more appreciated."
the girls laughed as in duty bound, and declared that it _would_ besport, and wondered if they dared, but ralph sharply called them toorder.
as if everybody in this neighbourhood didn't know darsie byheart!
put on your hats, and don't talk rubbish.
it will take us allour time to get through with the hall before lunch."
town-bred darsie privately hoped that the motor would appear to carrythe helpers to the hall three miles away, but the percivals themselvesnever seemed to dream of such a possibility.
in short skirts and thickboots they plodded cheerfully across boggy meadows and muddy lanes,climbed half a dozen stiles, and arrived at last in the high street ofthe little village, close to the entrance of the unpretentious woodenbuilding which called itself the village hall.
darsie thought that she had never beheld an interior which seemed sothoroughly to need, and at the same time to defy, decoration!
whitewashed walls, well splashed by damp; a double row of pegs all roundthe walls at a level of some five or six feet from the ground; woodenforms, and a small square platform, made up a whole which was bare andugly to a degree.
a group of five or six girls stood beside a pile of evergreens; a youthin shirt-sleeves was in process of unpacking crumpled flags andflattened japanese lanterns from an old tin box; two ladders stoodagainst the walls.
the entrance of "the family" was marked by a general movement among thelittle company, and darsie watched the greetings which ensued withtwinkling amusement.
noreen and ida were _so_ pleasant, _so_ full of gratitude for thepresence of each individual helper, _so_ anxious to be assured that theycould _really_ spare the time.
ralph was so laboriously polite, whilethe girls themselves, pleasant, kindly, and well-educated, were eitherhappily unaware of the thinly disguised patronage, or had the goodmanners to conceal their knowledge.
there was no doubt which sideappeared to best advantage in the interview!
"the first thing we must do is to decide upon a scheme of decoration,"ida declared.
"darsie, suggest something!
you have never done itbefore, so your ideas ought to be novel.
what can we do to make thehall look pretty and cheerful?"
was darsie's instant and daring reply, whereat thefarmers' daughters laughed _en masse_, and the percivals lookedhaughtily displeased.
"father built it!"
"awfully good of him!
_and_ wicked of his architect.
i shan't employhim to build my house!"
"i think," said noreen loftily, "that we had better confine ourselves todiscovering the scheme of decoration.
it is too late to interfere withthe structure of the hall.
we generally make wreaths and fasten them tothe gas brackets, and drape the platform with flags."
"then we may take it as settled that we _won't_ do that to-day.
whathappens to the pegs?"
"they hang their things on them, of course--hats, and coats, andmufflers--""that _must_ be decorative!
how would it be to make them leave theirwrappings at the entrance to-night, or put them under their own chairs,and to arrange a broad band of holly round the room so as to hide thepegs from view?
it would be so easy to tie on the branches, and itwould have quite a fine frieze effect."
"`mrs dick, you are invaluable!'"
quoted ralph gaily.
"it's a rippingidea.
let's set to at once, and try the effect."
no sooner said than done; the little band of workers spread themselvesover the room, and began the task of trying prickly holly branches tothe line of pegs in such fashion as to form a band about two feet deep,entirely round the room.
berries being unusually plentiful that year,the effect was all the more cheery, and with the disappearance of theutilitarian pegs the hall at once assumed an improved aspect.
a secondcommittee meeting hit on the happy idea of transforming the platforminto a miniature bower, by means of green baize and miniature fir-trees,plentifully sprinkled with glittering white powder.
the flags wererelegated to the entrance-hall.
the japanese lanterns, instead ofhanging on strings, were so grouped as to form a wonderfully lifelikepagoda in a corner of the hall, where--if mischievously disposed--theymight burn at their ease without endangering life or property.
theironwork of the gas-brackets was tightly swathed with red paper, and thebare jets fitted with paper shades to match.
from an artistic point ofview darsie strongly opposed the hanging of the timeworn mottoes, "ahearty welcome to all," "a happy new year," and the like, but thesquire's daughters insisted that they liked to see them, and thefarmers' daughters confirming this theory, up they went, above theevergreen frieze, the white cotton letters standing out conspicuouslyfrom their turkey-red background.
it was one o'clock before the work was finished, and a tired anddistinctly grubby quartette started out on their three-mile return walkacross the fields.
certainly country-bred folk were regardless offatigue!
"if i owned a motor i should _use_ it!"
darsie said toherself with a distinct air of grievance as she climbed to her own roomafter lunch, and laid herself wearily on her couch, the while thepercival trio trotted gaily forth for "just a round" over their privategolf-links.
the evening programme was to begin with a concert, alternate items ofwhich were to be given by the villagers and members of the surrounding"families."
at ten o'clock refreshments were to be served, in adjoining classrooms,and during the progress of the informal supper chairs and forms were tobe lifted away, and the room cleared for an informal dance, to beconcluded by a general joining of hands and singing of "auld lang syne"as the clock struck twelve.
the percival ladies and their guests from the surrounding houses madeelaborate toilettes for the occasion.
the villagers were resplendent insunday blacks, "best frocks" and bead chains, the small girls and boysappearing respectively in white muslins and velveteen lord fauntleroysuits; the squire opened proceedings with expressions of good wishes,interspersed with nervous coughs, and noreen and ida led off the musicalproceedings with a lengthy classical duet, to which the audiencelistened with politely concealed boredom.
to darsie's mind, the entire programme as supplied by "the families" wasdull to extinction, but to one possessing even her own slight knowledgeof the village, the contributions of its worthies were brimful ofinterest and surprise.
the red-faced butcher, who, on ordinary occasions, appeared to have nomind above chops and steaks, was discovered to possess a tenor voiceinfinitely superior in tone to that of his patron, the hon.
ivor bruce,while his wife achieved a tricky accompaniment with a minimum ofmistakes; the sandy-haired assistant at the grocer's shop supplied aflute obbligato, and the fishmonger and the young lady from thestationer's repository assured each other ardently that their true lovesowned their hearts; two school-children with corkscrew curls held aheated argument--in rhyme--on the benefits of temperance; and, mostsurprising and thrilling of all, mr jevons, the butler from the manor,so far descended from his pedestal as to volunteer "a comic item" in theshape of a recitation, bearing chiefly, it would appear, on theexecution of a pig.
the last remnant of stiffness vanished before thisinspiring theme, and the audience roared applause as one man, whereuponmr jevons bashfully hid his face, and skipped--literally skipped--fromthe platform.
"who'd have thought it!
butlers are human beings, after all!"
gaspeddarsie, wiping tears of merriment from her eyes.
"ralph, do you supposejevons will dance with me to-night?
i _should_ be proud!"
he has one square dance with the mater, and thatfinishes it.
you must dance with me instead.
it's ages since we've hada hop together--or a talk.
i'm longing to have a talk, but i don't wantthe others to see us at it, or they'd think i was priming you in my owndefence, and the mater wants to have the first innings herself.
we'llmanage it somehow in the interval between the dances, and i know you'llturn out trumps, as usual, darsie, and take my part."
ralph spoke with cheerful confidence, and darsie listened with a sinkingheart.
the merry interlude of supper was robbed of its zest, as shecudgelled her brains to imagine what she was about to hear.
ralph wasevidently in trouble of some sort, and his parents for once inclined totake a serious stand.
yet anything more gay and debonair than themanner with which the culprit handed round refreshments and waited onhis father's guests it would be impossible to imagine.
darsie watchedhim across the room, and noted that wherever he passed faces brightened.
as he cracked jokes with the apple-cheeked farmers, waited assiduouslyon their buxom wives, and made pretty speeches to the girls, no onlookercould fail to be conscious of the fact that, in the estimation of thetenants, "master ralph" was as a young prince who could do no wrong.
for reasons of his own, ralph was tonight bent on ingratiating himselfto the full.
for the first half-hour of the dance he led out onevillage belle after another, and it was not until waltz number five hadappeared on the board that he returned to darsie's side.
"at last i've a moment to myself!
my last partner weighed a ton, atleast, and i'm fagged out.
got a scarf you can put round you if we goand sit out?"
darsie nodded, showing a wisp of gauze, and, laying her hand on ralph'sarm, passed with him out of the main room into the flag-decked entrance.
for the moment it was empty, the dancers having made _en masse_ in thedirection of the refreshment-tables.
ralph looked quickly from side toside, and, finding himself unobserved, took a key from his pocket andopened a small door leading into the patch of garden at the back of thehall.
the moonlight showed a wooden bench fitted into a recess in thewall.
ralph flicked a handkerchief over its surface, and motioneddarsie towards a seat.
"it's clean enough.
i gave it a rub this morning.
you won't be cold?"
"oh, no; not a bit."
darsie wrapped the wisp of gauze round hershoulders, and prepared to risk pneumonia with as little thought asninety-nine girls out of a hundred would do in a similar case.
the hourhad come when she was to be told the nature of ralph's trouble; shewould not dream of losing the opportunity for so slight a considerationas a chill!
ralph seated himself by her side, rested an elbow on his knees, thethumb and first finger of the uplifted hand supporting his chin.
hiseyes searched darsie's face with anxious scrutiny.
"you didn't hear anything about me before you left newnham?"
what was there to hear?"
ralph averted his eyes, and looked across the patch of garden.
themoonlight shining on his face gave it an appearance of pallor andstrain.
"dan vernon said nothing?"
darsie recalled dan's keen glance of scrutiny, the silence whichhad greeted her own remarks, and realised the reason which lay behind.
"dan is not the sort to repeat disagreeable gossip."
"it's not gossip this time; worse luck, it's solid, abominable fact.
you'll be disappointed, darsie.
i _have_ tried.
beastlybad luck being caught just at the end.
i was sent down, darsie!
it wasjust at the end of the term, so they sent me down for the last week.
aweek is neither here nor there, but the parents took it hard.
i'mafraid you, too--"yes!
darsie "took it hard."
one look at her face proved as much, andamong many contending feelings, disappointment was predominant--bitter,intense, most humiliating disappointment.
i hoped, i thought--you _promised_ me to becareful!"
"and so i was, darsie!
give you my word, i was.
for the first half ofthe term i never got anything worse than three penny fines.
it isn't adeadly thing to stay out after ten.
and i was so jolly careful--neverwas so careful in my life.
but just the night when it was mostimportant i must needs be caught.
you can't expect a fellow to get awayfrom a big evening before twelve.
but that's what it ended in--a bigjaw, throwing up all my past misdeeds, and being sent down.
now you canslang away."
but darsie made no attempt to "slang."
with every word that had beenuttered her feelings of helplessness had increased.
ralph hadapparently made little difference in his ways; he had only been morecareful not to be found out!
at the very moment when she had beencongratulating herself, and boasting of the good results of herfriendship, this crowning disgrace had fallen upon him.
no wonder danhad been silent; no wonder that he had looked upon her with that long,questioning gaze!
the thought of dan was singularly comforting at thismoment--strong, silent, loyal dan, going forth valiantly to the battleof life.
darsie's little face took on a pinched look; she shivered, anddrew the thin scarf more tightly round her.
her silence, the sufferingwritten on her face, hit ralph more hardly than any anger; for the firsttime something deeper than embarrassment showed itself in face andvoice.
"for pity's sake, darsie, speak!
don't sit there andlook at me like that."
"but, ralph, what is there to say?"
darsie threw out her arms with agesture of hopelessness.
"i've talked so often, been so eloquent,believed so much!
if this is the outcome, what more can be said?"
"i _have_ tried!
i _did_ want to please you!"
"by not being found out!
it's not much comfort, ralph, to feel thati've encouraged you in deception.
and all those nights when you stayedout late, were you betting as usual--getting into debt?"
"i've been beastly unlucky, never knew such a persistent run.
that'sthe dickens of it, darsie.
i haven't dared to tell the governor yet,but i positively must get hold of the money before the tenth.
i'm boundto pay up by then.
it's a debt of honour."
darsie's red lip curled over that word.
she sat stiff and straight inher seat, not deigning a reply.
ralph appeared to struggle with himselffor several moments, before he said urgently--"the mater is going to talk to you.
she knows that you have moreinfluence with me than any one else.
it's true, darsie, whatever youmay think--i should have drifted a lot deeper but for you.
when shedoes, do your best for a fellow!
they'll be down on me for not havingtold about this debt.
the governor asked if there was anything else,but upon my word i hadn't the courage to own up at that moment."
still darsie did not reply.
she was wondering drearily what she couldfind to say when the dreaded interview came about; shrinking from thethought of adding to the mother's pain, feeling a paralysing sense ofdefeat; yet, at this very moment of humiliation, a ray of lightillumined the darkness and showed the reason of her failure.
dan was right!
no one could truly help a man without first implanting inhis heart the wish to help himself!
she had been content to briberalph, as a spoiled child is bribed to be good; had felt a glow ofgratified vanity in the knowledge that her own favour was the prize tobe won.
if the foundations of her buildings were unstable, what wonderthat the edifice had fallen to the ground?
the thought softened herheart towards the handsome culprit by her side, and when she spoke atlast it was in blame of herself rather than of him.
"i'm sorry, too, ralph.
i might have helped you better.
i rushed inwhere angels fear to tread.
i gave you a wrong motive.
it should havebeen more than a question of pleasing me--more even than pleasing yourparents...  oh, ralph, dear, you know--you know there is somethinghigher than that!--is religion nothing to you, ralph?
don't you feelthat in wasting your life you are offending against god--against christ!
can't you try again with _that_ motive to help you?--i can't make lightof things to your people, but i can take part of the blame on myself.
if it is true that i have any influence over you, i have thrown itaway..."ralph laid his hand over the gloved fingers clasped together on darsie'sknee.
"don't say that!
don't think that, darsie.
i may be a rotter, but i'dhave been a hundred times worse if it hadn't been for you.
and don'texaggerate the position: it's a pity to do that.
every man isn't born adan vernon.
most fellows only reach that stage of sobriety when theyare middle-aged.
it would be a pretty dull world if no one kicked overthe traces now and then in their youth.
what have i done, after all?
slacked my work, helped myself to a bit more play and come down on thegovernor for an extra cheque now and again.
lots of fellows come aworse cropper than that--"darsie wondered if a "worse cropper" might not possibly be a lessserious ill than persistent slacking and irresponsibility; but now thatthe bad news was out, ralph was fast regaining his composure.
"i'll turn out all right yet, darsie, you'll see.
the tenants like me.
i'll settle down and make a first-rate squire when my time comes.
andi'll make up to you then for all this worry and bother."
for a momenthis voice was significantly tender, then the recollection of his presentdifficulty swept over him once more, and he added hastily: "you'll--you'll break it to the mater, won't you?
about that money, i mean.
she'll take it best from you--"darsie rose from her seat, and stood before him, tall and white in themoonlight.
she said clearly.
"i will not.
you must make your ownconfession.
things have been made easy for you all your life, ralph.
now you must fight for yourself."
------------------------------------------------------------------------ralph bore no malice; even his momentary irritation at finding himself,as he considered, "left in the lurch," lasted but a few moments afterhis return to the hall.
darsie would rather have had it last a littlelonger.
to see an unclouded face, to catch the echo of merry laughterwithin ten minutes of a humiliating confession, seemed but anotherinstance of instability of character.
it seemed literally impossiblefor ralph to feel deeply on any subject for more than a few moments at atime; nevertheless, such was the charm of his personality that she feltboth pleased and flattered when twelve o'clock approached and he camesmilingly forward to lead her to her place in the great ring encirclingthe whole room.
"i must have you and mother--one on either side," hesaid, and as they crossed the floor together darsie was conscious thatevery eye in the room followed them with a smiling significance.
theyoung squire, and the pretty young lady who was his sister's friend--anice pair they made, to be sure!
every brain was busy with dreams ofthe future, weaving romantic plans, seeing in imagination other sceneslike the present, with darsie in the place of hostess.
she knew it,divined instinctively that ralph knew it too, felt the recognition of itin the grip of noreen's hand, in the tender pathos of mrs percival'ssmile.
and once again darsie wondered, and doubted, and feared and feltthe weight of invisible chains.
there are moments, however, when doubtsand fears are apt to be swept away in a rush of overwhelming emotions,and one of those is surely the beginning of a new year.
to be young andpretty; to be by general acceptance the queen of the evening--no normalgirl could help being carried away by such circumstances as these!
whenthe last chime of the twelve rang slowly out, and the audience with oneaccord burst into the strains of "auld lang syne," darsie's eyes shonewith excitement, and she returned with unction the pressure of ralph'sfingers.
"then here's a hand, my trusty friend,  and gie's a hand o' thine!"
the volume of sound swelled and sank, here and there a voice took ahusky tone; here and there an eye grew dim, but these belonged as a ruleto the patriarchs among the guests, for whom the past was full of tendermemories, for whom but a few more new years could dawn.
perhaps thismight be the last, the very last, they would live to see.
the youngfolks shed no tears; they were not unconscious of the prevailingemotion, but with them it found vent in a tingling expectation.
life was to come.
what would life bring?
when the song ceased, and the linked circle broke up into separategroups, darsie, glancing up into ralph's face, was surprised to see itwhite and tense.
she smiled, half amused, half sad, bracing herself tohear some emotional protest or vow for the future; but ralph spake noword.
instead, he led her to a seat, bowed formally before her, and,still with that white, fixed look, marched straight across the room tohis father.
darsie's pulse quickened, her little teeth clenched on her lower lip,she pressed her hands against her knee the while she watched theeloquent scene.
father and son faced each other; handsome man, handsomeyouth, strangely alike despite the quarter of a century between theirrespective ages; the squire's face, at first all genial welcome andunconcern, showing rapidly a pained gravity.
ralph was speakingrapidly, with an occasional eloquent gesture of the arm, obviouslyrecounting some facts of pressing importance to himself and his hearer,as obviously pleading a cause.
with a thrill of excitement darsieleaped to the true explanation of the situation.
fresh from the singingof the new year song, ralph had not paused to consider conventions, butthen and there had hastened to make his confession in his father's ears.
i was a coward, and wouldn't own up.
i've beenplaying the fool again, and have lost more money.
i owe over fiftypounds, and it has to be paid up by the tenth of this month."
the squire looked his son full in the face.
"is that all the truth, ralph, or only a part?"
he asked quietly.
"letme hear the whole please, now that we are about it."
"that is the whole, sir.
there's nothing more to be told."
"the money shall be paid, but you must do something for me in return.
we can't talk here.
come to my study when we get home!"
the squire laid his hand on his son's shoulder with a momentary pressureas he turned aside to attend to his guests, but ralph lopped crestfallenand discomfited.
it was one thing to blurt out a disagreeableconfession on the impulse of a moment, and another and very differentone to discuss it in cold blood in the privacy of a study.
in themiddle of the night, too!
ralph shivered at the thought.
why on earthcouldn't the governor be sensible, and wait till next morning?
themoney would be paid--that was the main point--all the rest could wait.
ralph percival spent a long hour alone with his father in the chill dawnof that new year's morn, and during its passing heard more stern home-truths than he had ever before listened to from those indulgent lips.
the squire had not insisted on any arduous work on his son's part: inhis heart he shared ralph's theory that a man whose life is to be spentlooking after his own land has no need of much scholarly lore.
he mustbe straight and manly, intelligent enough to understand and move withthe movements of the day, but not so intelligent as to grow discontentedwith a circle of admirable, but somewhat humdrum, neighbours.
he mustbe possessed of courteous and agreeable manners, able on occasion totake the chair at a meeting, possibly even on a bench, with credit tohimself and his family.
a 'varsity education was obviously the best means of developing suchqualities, but who was going to bother his head as to the question ofhonours or no honours?
there was no reason why the boy should slave asif he had his living to make by sheer brain effort.
the squire wasprepared to show the utmost leniency towards ralph's scholastic efforts,but that he should have persistently broken the rules, ignored warnings,incurred gambling debts, and, crowning indignity of all, that he shouldhave been sent down, even for the last week of the term--that stabbedthe honest old countryman to his heart.
he said very little on the subject of his own feelings; such men are notgiven to talk of themselves, but the tone of his voice was eloquent, andralph winced before it.
it was a new experience for the spoilt son andheir to hear any accents but those of love and appreciation from amember of his own family, and the experience was unexpectedly bitter.
who could have believed that the governor would cut up so rough--coulddeliver himself of such sledge-hammer judgments?
the card debts wouldbe paid, there was no question of that--every debt should be paid--andralph should return to college with a clean sheet so far as money wasconcerned, and with his handsome allowance undiminished--_for thepresent_.
he himself must decide what would happen in the future.
thesquire asked for no promises; he had had experience of the uselessnessof promises (the listener winced again at the significance of thosewords); but ralph must understand that any debts would be subtractedfrom his own future allowance.
he must also understand that he wasexpected to take his pass the following may.
there had been too muchshirking and running loose--now he must work for a change.
for hisparents' sake, his sisters' sake, he must make amends for the pain andshame of the last weeks.
it was a painful scene for both father and son, but the charm of mannerwhich was the great secret of ralph's popularity did not forsake him,even in this hour of humiliation.
he made an ideal penitent--abashed,yet manly, subdued and silenced, yet when the right moment came readywith a few apt, quietly spoken words.
"thank you, sir.
you are always generous.
i've made a beastly poorreturn.
i hope this year may end better than it has begun."
how little he guessed at that moment all that the year heldin store!
how little the father dreamed of the altered conditions withwhich he would face another new year's day!
but so long as they bothlived it was good to remember that the interview had ended peacefullyand with a renewed sense of harmony, with a firm hand-grip and anaffectionate glance.
ralph took his candle from a table in the hall and made his way quietlyup the oak staircase, and his father stood below and watched him go,while his heart waxed tender within him.
his son--his only son!
he would give his heart's blood for the lad.
had he been just, wise, prudent, in the words which he had said?
had hebeen stern enough?--too stern?
he was in a thousand minds about his ownconduct, but in only one as regards ralph's.
the boy had taken hisdressing like a man.
how handsome he had looked as he stood to listen,not flinching or hanging his head as an ordinary culprit would havedone, but drawn to his full height, with straight, fearless gaze.
withwhat a frank air he had held out his hand for that farewell grasp!
bless the boy!
his heart was in the right place.
he would settle down,and make a fine man yet.
and so when the family met again for a late breakfast that new year'smorning there was no shadow visible on the horizon, and throughout theremainder of darsie's visit every day seemed given up to enjoyment, andbrought with it some fresh festivity.
contrary to her expectation, the subject of ralph's troubles was avoidedrather than sought, and it was only on the eve of her departure tonewnham that mother and sisters broke the silence to urge in each casethe same request--"see as much of ralph as you can during these next six months!
have alittle talk with ralph now and again!
show an interest in his work.
let him see that you care.
we must all do our best to encourage him towork!"
by all the members of the family it was taken for granted that darsie'sinterest in ralph's future was equal to, if not greater than, their own;they made no secret of their belief that her influence had the moreweight.
if darsie had known a passing temptation to abandon herefforts, it would have been impossible to do so in the face of suchunanimous appeals.
well, it was good to be back in newnham once more, to get to work againafter the lazy weeks, to wake up one's brains with tussles over anglo-saxon texts, to wrestle with philology, instead of browsing over novelsand magazine tales.
the divinity schools were stuffy as ever, the menon one side shutting up the windows with their usual persistence, whilethe girls on theirs frowned and fumed; but the chaucer lectures werefull of interest, and coaching assumed a keener interest as springadvanced and the prospect of "mays" drew near.
last year both darsieand hannah had gained second-class honours; this year they haddetermined to gain firsts, or perish in the attempt.
with a second anda first record for mays there was a possibility--a dazzlingpossibility--of firsts in the final tripos.
when one thought of that itseemed impossible to work too hard, to put _too_ much energy into one'sstudies.
but the happy blending of work and play which characterisesnewnham life prevented industry from being carried to an exaggeratedextent.
the hour's informal dancing after dinner on wednesday andsaturday evenings seemed to quicken circulation and brain alike, and thegreat shakespeare ball was a distinct fillip, although--or was it_because_?--it involved some slackness for the preparation of costumes.
the short easter vac.
served but as a breathing-space, and then anothermay term began with an unparalleled succession of fine and sunny days.
everything seemed early this spring; trees and shrubs rushed into leaf,a wealth of blossom gave a fairy-like beauty to the old-world gardens,and in every youth and maid the spirit of the spring awoke also, andcalled to them to come out to play.
this was the season for picnics,for walks along the fields by the riverside, for boating, for bathing,for garden teas, for breakfast parties at the orchard, amidst the pinkand white wonder of the apple-blossom.
darsie garnett was fired with a desire to give an orchard party on herown account, the guests to be hannah, margaret france, her specialfresher adorer (marian white by name), ralph percival, dan vernon, twoagreeable classics from king's; mrs reeves to play chaperon--just acheery little party of nine.
what could you wish for more?
margaret, preternaturally solemn, opined that _ten_ would be a moredesirable number.
"poor mrs reeves!
what has _she_ done?
why not asksome one to play about with _her_?
i can't bear to see a lonely at apicnic or to be interrupted myself!"
"it _might_ be judicious to invite minerva!"
agreed darsie, twinkling,and alluding to the don who enjoyed the privilege of mrs reeves'sspecial friendship.
what a character for propriety ishall gain, to be sure!
they little know."
"they know perfectly well, but they are human creatures after all.
they've been young themselves, and they enjoy the orchard!
set to workat once, my dear, and get out your invitations.
this weather can'tpossibly last, and it's going to break my heart if it is wet."
but there was no sign of rain on that exquisite morning when at thestriking of six o'clock darsie leaped out of bed, and thrust her ruffledgolden head out of the opened window.
a few feathery white cloudsserved but to intensify the blueness of the sky; the air was soft andsweet, the garden beneath was already bathed in sunlight.
darsie gave alittle caper of delight.
sunshine, a picnic, a pretty frock and hatwaiting to be worn, and one's very best friends to admire the result--what healthy girl of twenty could fail to be happy under suchcircumstances as these?
she sang as she dressed; she made little fancy steps, and three separatepirouettes which would have delighted the heart of a terpsichoreanmistress.
one pirouette greeted the effect of the white dress; thesecond, that of the wide straw hat, with its appropriate garland ofblossom; the third was partly in celebration of the combined effect, andpartly out of sheer inability to keep still.
her toilette completed, darsie repaired to hannah's room and surprisedthat tasteless young woman engaged in putting the final touches to herown costume, in the shape of an abomination designated "a neckarrangement," composed of the cheapest of machine lace and papery satinribbon.
hannah jumped with dismay as a hand descended suddenly over hershoulder, and tore this treasure from her grasp.
cried darsie firmly.
"you are my childhood's friend, and i loveyou dearly, but wear lace frills with a linen collar at my orchard partyyou--_shall not_!
will you never learn how to dress?"
"i paid eleven-three for it, near the end of a term.
thought i _would_please you this time!
hate the tickling stuff myself.
some people arenever satisfied," grumbled hannah, rummaging in her tie-box, but itnever occurred to her to dispute the decree.
on questions of toilettedarsie's word was absolute.
the two girls descended the stairs together, and found the other threemembers of the party awaiting them at the door, margaret and the littlefresher abeam with smiles, and even minerva herself looking quite youngand skittish.
at moments like these it dawned upon the student mindthat even a don herself could occasionally enjoy a mixture of play withher work.
at the river mrs reeves and the four men came forward to meet thenewnham party, the canaders were ranged ready for the embarkment, anddarsie felt the honours of her position press heavily, as the othermembers of the party stood silently waiting for her to apportion thecrews.
the worst of it was that one felt obliged to take the leastdesirable place oneself.
considered as a don, minerva had many points,but when bound for a river picnic one did not exactly hanker after hersociety.
still, there it was.
every position has its drawbacks.
therow up the river on that exquisite morning was a joy independent ofsociety, and when the orchard itself was reached it was undeniablyagreeable to sit at the head of the table, and play the gracious hostessto one's guests.
orchard appetites are proverbial, but this particular party claimed tohave broken all previous records.
soon there was hardly a fragment offood left on a plate.
the pile of banana-skins was positively startlingto behold; tea and coffee pots were drained, and drained again; requestsfor milk and more milk threatened the supply of later guests, and thebirds in the trees overhead chattered not a whit more gaily than thecompany around the board.
"shop" was sternly forbidden as a subject of conversation, and theremotest reference thereto was instantly booed into silence, for behindall the lightsomeness of demeanour a weight of anxiety lay on eachheart.
the critical time was approaching when the result of the year'swork would be put to the test.
the two classics, as sons of a poorclergyman, were acutely conscious of all that was involved by a first orsecond class.
ralph percival was realising painfully the difficulty ofmaking up for years of slacking, or even of keeping up a spurt beyond afew days at a time; the little fresher trembled at the thought of herfirst mays; even margaret france herself showed signs of nerves beforethe ordeal of the tripos, and on one tragic occasion had even beendiscovered weeping hysterically upon her bed.
"c-c-couldn't remember a context," was her hiccoughing explanation ofthe breakdown, and henceforth darsie had taken her in hand, fagged forher, petted her, scolded her, put her to bed, and ruthlessly carried offnotebooks to her own study, to frustrate disastrous attempts at midnighttoil.
as for dan, he was a giant among pigmies.
examinations had no terrorsfor him; his place was assured.
when strangers visited cambridge, theirsons and brothers pointed out his big, lumbering form in the streets,and bade them remember vernon--vernon would arrive!
darsie wasconscious that his presence lent distinction to her party, for dan butseldom appeared in the social world.
and he was behaving so well, too!
taking part in the conversation, eventelling stories and capping anecdotes of his own accord, and behavingquite amiably to ralph.
darsie beamed approval on him from the end ofthe table, and deliberately singled him out as her companion for theafter-breakfast stroll.
"come down to the river, dan!
there's a tree with the most convenientforked branch where one can sit hidden by the leaves and watch thecanaders come up.
last year i heard some quite thrilling fragments ofconversation."
"i'll be wary of that tree," said dan solemnly, but he helped darsie toher eyrie, and swung himself up beside her with an alacrity which showedthat the suggestion fell in well with his own wishes, and there they satlike birds in a nest, smiling at each other with bright, friendlyglances.
"isn't this fine?
no one saw us come, did they?
they'll think we'relost.
i'm tired of being polite.
thank you for coming to my party,dan, and for being so jolly."
"thank you for asking me and for looking so--ripping!"
dan cast anappreciative glance at the white dress and blossom-wreathed hat.
"gladto see you're not knocking yourself up with too much work."
darsie bent her head with a dubious air.
she wished to look well, but, on the other hand, a little sympathy wouldnot have been unwelcome.
"i'm excited this morning, and that gives me acolour," she explained.
"if you could see me at the end of the day--i'mso weak in my mediaeval french grammar.
it haunts me at night--""stop!"
cried dan warningly.
"don't let it haunt you here, at anyrate--it would be a crime among this blossom.
tell me a story as youused to do in the old schoolroom days.
i haven't heard you tell a storysince that christmas night when we all sat round the fire and burnt fir-cones, and the light shone on your face.
you wore a white dress then.
you looked _all_ white."
"and you sat in the corner and glowered--i could see nothing, but i_felt_ eyes.
that will be one of the times we shall remember, dan, whenwe look back on our young days--all together, and so happy and free.
ihad a melancholy turn during that cone-burning, one of the shadows thatfall upon one causelessly in the midst of the sunshine, but that wasonly a bit of the happiness, after all.
it's rather wonderful to betwenty, dan, and never to have known a real big sorrow!
most of thegirls here have come through something, some of them a great deal.
ifeel such a babe beside them.
it isn't good for one, i suppose, to havethings _too_ smooth."
"i hope they'll continue smooth for a long time to come.
you're tooyoung for troubles, darsie," said dan hastily.
he sat silent for a fewmoments, his chin poking forward, his thin, expressive lips twitching asif struggling with difficult speech.
a canader came gliding slowly by,the man and girl occupants chatting gaily together, unconscious of thewatchers in the tree on the bank.
their words fell absently on darsie'sear, she was waiting for what dan had to say.
"when they _do_ come, you know you can depend on me.
i'm not much of ahand at social life, so it's best to keep out of the way and let otherfellows chip in who can make a better show, but if there's anythinguseful to be done, you might give me a turn.
we're very old friends."
darsie gave him an affectionate glance.
"indeed i will.
i should feelyou a tower of strength.
thank you, dear oak-tree."
"thank you, apple-blossom!"
returned dan quite gallantly, if you please,and with a laugh which followed the passing seriousness vanished.
for the next half-hour they laughed and sparred, capped stories, andmade merry, more like a couple of happy children than hard-workedstudents on the verge of examinations; and then, alas!
it was time toreturn to work, and, sliding down from their perch, dan and darsiewalked forward to assemble the scattered members of the party.
cambridge may week is a function so well known, and so often described,that it would be superfluous to enter in detail into its varioushappenings.
in their first year darsie and hannah had taken little partin the festivities, but upon their second anniversary they lookedforward to a welcome spell of gaiety.
not only were the percivalscoming up for the whole week, but mr and mrs vernon and vie were alsoto be installed in rooms, and the newnham students had receivedpermission to attend the two principal balls, being housed for thenights by their own party.
throughout newnham the subject of frocksbecame, indeed, generally intermingled with the day's work.
cardboardboxes arrived from home, cloaks and scarves were unearthed from therecesses of "coffins," and placed to air before opened windows;"burries" were strewn with ribbons, laces, and scraps of tinsel, insteadof the usual notebooks; third-year girls, reviving slowly from thestrain of the tripos, consented languidly to have their hats re-trimmedby second-year admirers, and so, despite themselves, were drawn into themaelstrom.
one enterprising fresher offered items of her wardrobe onhire, by the hour, day, or week, and reaped thereby quite a goodly sumtowards her summer holiday.
a blue-silk parasol, in particular, was inuniversal request, and appeared with _eclat_ and in different hands atevery outdoor function of the week.
in after-years darsie garnett looked back upon the day of that year onwhich the masonic ball was held with feelings of tender recollection, asa piece of her girlhood which was altogether bright and unclouded.
shemet the percival party at one o'clock, and went with them to lunch inralph's rooms, where two other men had been invited to make the partycomplete.
there was hardly room to stir in the overcrowded littlestudy, but the crush seemed but to add to the general hilarity.
ralph made the gayest and most genial of hosts, and the luncheonprovided for his guests was a typical specimen of the daring hospitalityof his kind!
iced soup, lobster mayonnaise, salmon and green peas, vealcutlets and mushrooms, trifle, strawberries and cream, and strongcoffee, were pressed in turns upon the guests, who--be it acknowledgedat once--ate, drank, enjoyed, and went forth in peace.
later in theafternoon the little party strolled down to the river, and in theevening there was fresh feasting, leading up to the culminatingexcitement of all--the ball itself.
beside the percivals' parisian creations, darsie's simple dress made buta poor show, but then darsie's dresses were wont to take a secondaryplace, and to appear but as a background to her fresh young beauty,instead of--as is too often the case--a dress _par excellence_, with agirl tightly laced inside.
when she made her appearance in the sitting-room of the lodgings, the verdict on her appearance was universallyapproving--"you look a _lamb_!"
gushed ida enthusiastically.
"how do you manage it, dear?
you _always_ seem to hit the right thing!"
exclaimed mrs percival in plaintive amaze; and as he helped her on withher cloak, ralph murmured significantly--"as if it mattered what _you_ wore!
no one will notice the frock."
at the ball there was an appalling plethora of girls; wallflowers satwaiting round the walls, and waited in vain.
darsie felt sorry forthem, tragically sorry; but the sight of their fixed smiles could notbut heighten the sense of her own good luck in having the chance of morepartners than she could accept.
ralph showed at his best that evening,evincing as much care for his sisters' enjoyment as for that of theirfriend.
not until the three programmes were filled to the last extradid he rest from his efforts, and think of his own pleasure.
it is truethat his pleasure consisted chiefly in dancing with darsie, and theirsteps went so well together that she was ready to give him the numbersfor which he asked.
as for dan vernon, he did not dance, but out ofsome mistaken sense of duty, felt it his duty to put in an appearanceand _glower_.
"see old vernon, glowering over there?"
inquired ralph, laughing, as hewhirled darsie lightly by to the strains of an inspiriting two-step, andfor a moment a cloud shadowed the gaiety of her spirits.
dan oughteither to dance or stay away!
she didn't _like_ to see him lookingglum!
the dancing was carried on until four in the morning, when in the chillgrey light the company were ranged in rows, and photographed, apparentlyto provide a demonstration of how elderly and plain even the youngest ofthe number could look under such inauspicious circumstances.
the three girls had breakfast in bed the next morning, somewhere abouttwelve o'clock--a delightful occasion when all three talked at the sametime, relating thrilling experiences of the night before, comparingnotes, admiring, quizzing, shaking with laughter over a dozen innocentdrolleries.
these after-conferences are perhaps the best part of thefestivities of our youth; and noreen, ida, and darsie began that finejune day as gaily, as happily, as unconscious of coming ill as any threegirls in the land.
ralph had been anxious that his people should again lunch in his rooms,but mrs percival had prudently decided in favour of a simple meal athome, and it was approaching tea-time when the party sallied forth towitness the day's "bumping" on the river.
the elders were frankly tiredafter their late hours, but the three girls looked fresh as flowers intheir dainty white frocks, and enjoyed to the full the kaleidoscopicbeauty of the scene.
the two percivals' interest in the bumping was of the slightestdescription--ralph was not taking part this afternoon, and with ralphbegan and ended their concern.
they stood on the crowded bank, ratherhot, rather bored, amusing themselves by scanning the people near athand.
the vernon party were but a few yards away, and hannah attractedspecial attention.
"she _is_ plain!"
exclaimed noreen; whereat darsie snapped her up indouble-quick time.
"of _course_ she is plain!
she wouldn't dream, of being anything else!"
beloved plain hannah!
no features, however classic, could be aseloquent as hers in her old friend's eyes.
darsie tossed her head, andlooked flusty and annoyed, whereat noreen feebly apologised, emphasisingher offence by blundering explanations, and ralph grew restless andimpatient.
this is getting slow.
come along, girls; let's take the ferryand cross to the other side.
it's not half bad fun to see all theshows.
it will be a change, anyhow, and you can come back when you'retired."
"i'll stay with mother," noreen decided dutifully.
ida surveyed thecrowd on the opposite bank with the dubious air of one who has lived allher life within her own gates.
"i don't _think_ i care to go into thatcrush."
"oh, come along, darsie.
thank goodness you're not so squeamish.
let'sget out of this."
ralph pushed impatiently forward, and mrs percivalturned to darsie, with raised eyebrows, and said urgently--"do go, dear!
ralph will take care of you.
we will wait for you here."
darsie smiled assent, the thought passing lightly through her mind thatmrs percival looked particularly sweet and gracious when she smiled.
she never dreamt that that particular smile, that little glance ofappeal, were to remain with her all heir life, to be her comfort in abitter grief.
they passed the spot where hannah and dan were standing with theirfriends, and acting on a sudden impulse, darsie turned her head, with afew laughing words of explanation: "we're going to look at the punch andjudies!"
there was no definite response, but hannah's exclamation had an envioustone which made ralph quicken his footsteps.
it was rare good luck toget darsie to himself for an hour; he certainly did not wish to besaddled with plain hannah as an unwelcome third.
the ferry-boat was on the point of starting, its flat surfaces crowdedwith pleasure-seekers.
ralph and darsie had to run the last few yardsin order to secure a bare space for standing.
ralph took the outsidewith the nonchalance of the true boating-man, who would almost as soonfall in the water as not.
darsie, standing close by his side, glancedfrom one to the other of her companions, her never-failing interest in_people_ discovering a story in each new group.
they had reached the middle of the stream, when a movement of the deckupset her balance, and sent her swaying against ralph's arm.
she lookedup with a laughing apology, and was startled by the sight of his face.
so far was he from sharing her amusement, that never in the course oftheir acquaintance had she seen him so pale, so set.
he seized the handshe had laid on his arm, and held it in a vice-like grip, as he bent tolook at the deck.
at that moment darsie stumbled afresh, and felt thelapping of water against her thinly clad feet.
she exclaimed loudly,but her voice was drowned in the chorus of cries, questions, and appealswhich arose from every side.
how swiftly, with what incredible, paralysing speed a scene may change,and seeming security give way to panic fear!
darsie, turning her headto look at the crowd of faces which towered so strangely above her, metbut one expression in every eye--breathless, agonising dread.
looking back upon the scene in after-life, it seemed the nightmare of amoment; then the grip upon her arm tightened, she felt herself beingpushed past ralph towards the edge of the boat, heard his voice speakingto her in crisp, firm tones which she had heard in dreams, but never,never from his living lips.
she's turning turtle!
there's no danger, darling, if you jumpclear.
the water's not deep.
some one will come.
i'm going to throwyou in.
strike out for your life!"
she was lifted like a doll in his strong arms; her wild eyes, searchinghis, met a cheery smile in response, she felt herself swayed to and fro,realised with a shudder the parting from the firm grasp--fell, splashed,felt the water close over her head.
when she rose to the surface the water near her seemed full ofstruggling forms; she caught a terrified glimpse of a perpendiculardeck, of passengers falling like flies from their perch, and with theinstinct of despair struck out in the opposite direction.
like most newnham girls, she was a fair swimmer--happy hours spent inthe swimming-tent had ensured so much; but it was her first experienceof fighting the water in all the crippling fineries of race-week attire.
her shoes, her skirts, the floating ends of sash and scarf all held herdown; her soaking hat flopped over her eyes, her very gloves seemed tolessen the force of her stroke; but breathless and spent as she was, shecould not pause while from behind arose that dread, continued cry.
ralph had told her to strike out, that there was no danger if only shekept clear.
"all right, darsie--all right!
keep calm--keep calm!
leave yourself to me."
it was dan's voice speaking in her ear, clear and distinct in the midstof the clamour; she felt herself seized in scientific fashion--in theway at which she herself had played at rescuing her companions fromimaginary death--and, relinquishing all effort, was towed numbly to theshore.
it seemed as if hundreds of people were waiting to rescue her; hundredsof arms stretched out in welcome; hundreds of eyes grew suddenly moistwith tears.
she was tired, and wet, and dazed, but she could stand onher own feet, had no need of helping arms.
dan took her hand in his andran swiftly across the grass to the nearest tent, where alreadypreparations were in train for the restoration of the unfortunates.
darsie was the first of the crew to reach this shelter, and mrspercival and the girls awaited her tearfully on the threshold.
sheawoke to fuller consciousness at sight of their faces, smiled inreassurement, and murmured disjointed phrases.
"quite all right--only wet!
ralph saved me!
a second time!
so calmand brave!"
"yes, dear child; yes!
take off that wet hat!"
replied mrs percivalurgently, the girl's praise of her son adding to her tender solicitude,and she hovered around with tender touches, the while from around rose aceaseless string of suggestions.
"she ought to change at once!"
"my house is justat hand--do come to my house!"
"my motor is waiting outside!
let medrive you home!"
so on, and so on, innate kindliness of heart bubbling to the surface asit invariably does in moments of disaster.
as each unfortunate enteredthe tent the same programme was enacted, the same kind officesvolunteered.
"my house is close at hand--do come to my house!"
"my motor is waiting--do let me drive you back!"
each victim of theimmersion wore at first the same dazed, helpless expression, but thepresence of their companions, the kindly voices speaking in their ear,the hot, reviving draughts soon brought about a change of mood, so thatthey began to smile, to exchange remarks, to congratulate themselves onescape.
darsie, with characteristic elasticity, was one of the first toregain composure, and the percivals hung delightedly on her descriptionof ralph's composure and resource.
"i was terrified.
it was a dreadful sensation to feel the deck sinkingbeneath your feet on one side, and to see it gradually rising above youon the other.
and all the bewildered, terrified faces!
ralph neverturned a hair.
he told me that there was no danger so long as i keptclear of the boat; he lifted me up in his arms as if i had been a doll."
the colour mounted to darsie's white cheeks as she spoke, and a thrillof emotion tingled her blood.
the first time she hears herselfaddressed as "darling" in a man's deep voice is one that a girl cannotlightly forget.
she turned her head over her shoulder so as to be ableto see the entrance into the tent.
"where _is_ ralph?"
"he will be here presently.
none of the men have come in yet.
ralphwill be so useful.
he is as much at home in the water as on land.
hewill be busy helping the others."
mrs percival spoke with happy assurance; nevertheless, she leftdarsie's side and edged her way through the crowd towards the opendoorway, through which she ought now to be able to see her son's return.
as she was within a few yards of the entrance it was suddenly blockedby a group of men--hatless, dripping, dishevelled, but in demeanourcomposed and cheery, as if what had happened had been quite an enjoyableexperience.
the foremost of the group greeted their friends with smiles and wavingof hands.
here we are!
how are you feeling?
all serene now?
every one comfortably on shore?
got any tea left?"
"is my son with you?
have you seen my son--ralph percival?"
mrs percival spoke in a high, clear voice, at the sound of which ayoung undergrad.
wheeled round quickly towards his companions.
he was on board.
i thought we were all here.
he dashed out of the tent, stood looking blankly around, turned ablanched face towards the tent.
then from an inner corner of the tent another voice questioned sharply:"mary!
where's mary--mary everard?
she was with us--standing quitenear.
_mary's not here_!"
no one answered.
there was a breathless silence, while each man andwoman in that crowded tent was subtly, overpoweringly conscious of a newpresence filling the atmosphere around--the presence of _fear_!
heavyas a palpable presence it pressed upon them; it lapped them round; thefumes of it mounted to their brains.
months before, darsie had listened while a woman who had been near sanfrancisco at the time of the earthquake and fire endeavoured to describewhat was in truth indescribable, how the very air itself was at thattime charged with a poignancy of agony--an impalpable spiritual agony,apart from such physical cause as heat and fire, an agony which arosefrom the grief of thousands of tortured hearts.
she had listened--interested, curious, pleased to nestle in her easy-chair, and ponder over a novel thought; but at this terrible moment shehad no need to ponder; realisation came sharp and sure.
tragedy was inthe air; she inhaled it with every breath, tasted it, felt its heavyhand.
with one accord the occupants of the tent streamed across the lawnstowards the waterside, where even now an informal inquiry was takingplace.
the officials in charge of the ferry-boat were defendingthemselves against their accusers.
the ferry-boat hadbeen as crowded on two previous days, and all had gone well.
it wasimpossible to account for the accident.
since no further harm than afew minutes' ducking had happened to the passengers, the greater losswas on their own side.
to these officials, protesting, excusing, arrived in a mass a body ofwhite-faced men and women, demanding with one voice their lost--a youngman, an undergraduate; tall, fair, in a white flannel suit; last seenstanding on the side of the boat helping to lower the women into thewater; a young girl, in a boating-dress of blue and white.
they werenot among the rescued.
they had not been seen since the moment of theaccident.
_where were they_?
as darsie stood, ghastly and shuddering, by the water brink, she wassubconsciously aware of a strong arm in hers.
subconsciously also shewas aware that the arm belonged to dan vernon, but she had no time forlook or word; her whole being was strung to one agonising thought.
mrpercival supported his half-fainting wife; the two sisters clungtogether; the relations of mary everard paced wildly to and fro.
onshore all was tumult and confusion, on the river sunbeams sparkled, thestream was quiet and undisturbed.
"percival was like a fish: percival could have kept afloat for hours."
a voice separated itself from the confused babel, and struck on darsie'sear, but even as her heart leaped upward another voice spoke.
"it isnot a case of swimming.
if he were not quick enough in getting away--ifhe were caught beneath--penned!"
the strong arm gripped her more firmly still, steadied her trembling.
afierce voice issued an order for "silence!
margaret france came up with beautiful soft eyes and a beautiful softvoice.
she spoke wise, tender words.
you were to come away--it wasbetter so.
it would add to your friends' distress if you were ill.  youwere wet, cold.
you were to be sensible and come home.
darsie looked at her thoughtfully for a long moment.
she was thinkingthat she loved margaret france, that she had taken a fancy to her thefirst evening at newnham.
how droll and witty she had been as anauctioneer!
of the purport of her present words she had nocomprehension.
she sighed and turned her face to the river.
"leave her to me," said dan's voice quietly.
"i will take care of her."
------------------------------------------------------------------------they found them at sundown; the two young, fair bodies--the tall, palelad, the slim, dark maid--two cold effigies of youth, and health, andjoy.
on ralph's forehead was a deep red mark, the mark of the blowwhich had given him a prey to the waters; but mary's brown locks floatedround a sweet, untroubled face.
they bore them to the mortuary, and those who loved them sat and weptalone.
darsie spent the two following days with the stricken family,who found their one comfort in listening again and again to the story ofralph's brave end.
weak and unstable in life, in death he had shown agallant front, and more than one of the unfortunate crew came forward totestify to his courageous and selfless efforts on their behalf.
mr percival went about with a set face and shoulders bowed like thoseof an old man.
the girls wept helplessly from morn till night; mrspercival lost in one night all lingering trace of youth; she kept upbravely before her husband and daughters, but alone with darsie heranguish found vent.
"my son, my son!
he was so good to me--so loving and kind.
his faultswere the faults of youth, and, oh, darsie, my, faults also!
we blamedhim for faults which we had not tried to check.
if he had lived and hadbeen obliged to face life for himself he would have risen to it, as herose to that last great chance.
it takes a brave man to face deathcalmly.
he was not weak or selfish then--my ralph!
no one dared callhim weak.
we were with him to the end, we were happytogether, and you were with him too.
that is what he would have wished.
he loved you, darsie.
if he had lived, he would have wished you forhis wife."
sighed darsie, and laid her head gently on the other's knee.
inthe silence which followed she was acutely aware of the unspokenquestion which filled the air, acutely distressed that she could notgive the stricken mother the assurance for which she craved.
in ralph's lifetime his friendship had brought darsie as much pain asjoy, and, though death had wiped away all but tender recollections, evenin this hour of grief and shock she did not delude herself that shesorrowed for him with the deepest sorrow of all.
the anxious, pitifulaffection which she had felt for the man who leaned so heavily upon herwas more that of a sister than a wife.
darsie stretched out her hand, found the chilly one of the poor mother,and leaning her soft cheek over it, pressed it tenderly with her lips.
"you must let me be your third daughter!
we can talk about himtogether.
i can tell you about this last year--every little tiny thingthat he said and did.
you'll never be anxious about him any more, dear,never afraid!
you will always be proud of your hero boy."
mrs percival sighed.
she was in too sensitive a mood not to realisethe meaning of the girl's lack of response, but the first pang ofdisappointment was followed by a thought full of comfort to the soremother-heart.
"i loved him best.
he was mine to the end!
no one loved him like hismother!"
six months passed by--months of grief and pain, and bitter, unavailingregret; of work and play, of long summer days, and wintry fog and cold;of reviving happiness also, since, thank god!
joy returns like thespring, bringing back hope and joy to a darkened world.
there was aplace in darsie's heart which would ever be consecrated to the memory ofralph; but _it_ was not a foremost place--that most crushing of sorrowshad been spared her; and when one not yet twenty-one is living thehealthiest and most congenial of lives, and is above all elevated to theproud position of third-year girl, it would be as unnatural as wrong todwell continually upon a past grief.
at first darsie felt shocked and ashamed when the old gay mood swept heroff her balance, and she found herself dancing, singing, and makingmerry as of yore, but her two mentors, mrs reeves and hannah vernon,united to combat this impression.
"to bear a sorrow _cheerfully_ is the only resignation worthy of thename!"
this was the older woman's verdict; the younger preached thesame precept in student vernacular--"why grizzle when you want to smile?
pray, what good can you doyourself, or any one else, by going about with a face like a fiddle?
remember margaret france, and don't block up the window to shut out thestars!
let them twinkle for all they are worth, the blessed littlethings.
they are _tired_ of hiding behind the clouds.
you have a dutyto the living as well as to the dead; remember that!"
yes, it was true.
looking back over the last eight months darsierealised what a debt of gratitude she owed to relations and friendsalike for their tenderness and forbearance.
it had been hard on thehome party to have the summer holidays clouded by the presence of amourner who shuddered at the sight of water, collapsed into tears atunexpected moments, and lived in a condition of super-sensitiveness,ready as it seemed to be hurt by the most innocent word; yet how gentleand patient they had been, every single one of them, down to timhimself!
mother and father, of course, had been angels; one took it forgranted that they would be, but who could have believed in suchconsideration from the boys and girls.
dear old clemence!
what acomfort she had been!
darsie had often been inclined to think that, forsheer rest and soothing, no one could compete with a plump, practical,matter-of-fact sister, who had no thought for "ifs" or "whys," but wasfull of care to ensure your present physical well-being.
then, if for amoment clemence seemed to fall short, there was lavender, ready to pourout floods of sympathy, to mingle her tears with yours, and listen toendless reminiscences.
as for the boys, harry and russell forbore totease, affected blindness to reddened eyes, and said, "buck up, oldgirl!"
with real heartiness of feeling, while tim was assiduous in theoffer of sticky sweets.
the vernons, lucky creatures!
went off _en masse_ to switzerland forjuly and august.
darsie morbidly told herself that they were anxious toavoid the depression of her own presence during the chief holiday of theyear.
she was, as she expressed it, "too proud to say so," but theinward soreness made her so cold and abrupt in manner that her friendshad good cause to reverse the accusation.
with regard to dan vernon in especial there was a soreness at darsie'sheart.
during the first days after the tragic happening dan had been atower of strength, always at hand to comfort, support, and take everydifficulty upon his own shoulders.
to outward appearance darsie hadappeared oblivious of his presence, but subconsciously she had leaned onhis strength with a profound relief.
it was hard to have dan withdrawinto his shell just as she was beginning to long for his presence; buthe _had_ withdrawn, and like most naturally shy and reticent people,withdrawn farther than ever, as if in reaction from his unusualdemonstration.
in hall itself the absence of margaret france made a big blank.
havingpassed her tripos with a first class, margaret had placidly returnedhome to help her mother in the house, and take part in an ordinarysocial life.
"what a waste!"
cried her newnham acquaintances, butmargaret's friends, remembering her own words on the subject, believedthat she had chosen the better part.
with october came the return to newnham, and for the first few weeks anaccess of grief and depression.
it was hard to fall into the old lifeshorn of its greatest interest, to be reminded of ralph at every turn,to see his friends pass by, laughing and gay, while his place was blank.
then it was that darsie discovered the real tenderness of heart whichlies beneath the somewhat callous exterior of the college girl.
freshers, second-year girls, even austere thirds themselves, combined tosurround her with an atmosphere of kindness and consideration.
no_word_ of sympathy was ever spoken, but almost every hour of the daybrought with it some fresh deed of comfort and cheer.
offerings offlowers, tendered by a friend, or laid anonymously on "burry" or coffin;bags of fruit and cake, invitations galore, surprise visits to her ownstudy, each in turn bringing a gleam of brightness to the day.
plainhannah, too, dear old plain hannah!
in the midst of her grief darsiewas filled with amusement at hannah's unique fashion of showing hersympathy.
hot water evidently commended itself to her mind as the idealmedium, for at a dozen hours of the day and night the door of darsie'sstudy would open and hannah would appear on the threshold, steaming canin hand.
early morning, eleven o'clock, before lunch, before tea,before dinner, before cocoa, before bed, hannah and her can never failedto appear.
for the first half of the michaelmas term darsie mightliterally have been described as never out of hot water.
and now it was the lent term; eight months had passed by since the dateof ralph's death, and it surely behoved darsie to rise above herdepression, and to throw herself once more into the full, happy life ofthe house.
she was thankful to do it, thankful to welcome dawnings ofthe old zest, to feel her feet involuntarily quicken to a dance, todiscover herself singing as she moved to and fro.
the winter hadpassed; spring was in the air.
it seemed right that it should be in herheart also.
as usual in the lent term, hockey was the one absorbing subject outside"shop," and hannah vernon, now advanced to the lofty position ofcaptain, had special reasons for welcoming her friend's revivingspirits.
one chilly day in february she entered darsie's study with a somewhatunusual request.
"the girls are getting restive, and think that it's quite time we hadanother fancy match.
they want me to arrange one on the spot.
it's soblighting to be told that one is so clever, and looked to forinspiration.
every idea forsakes one on the instant.
you've beenhibernating for an age, you ought to have lots stored up!"
"i haven't--i've grown hideously dull.
what did we have last?"
"thicks against thins!
never shall i forget it!
to play forward paddedwith three separate cushions, and with shawls wound round your limbs, isthe sort of thing one rises to _once_ in a lifetime, but never twice.
imade an adorable fat woman!
the thins had no spirit left in them whenthey beheld my bulk.
i vote that we don't have anything that involvespadding this time.
one never knows one's luck."
i think we might hit on something more subtle," darsieruminated, with her eyes on the ceiling.
her reputation of being thenewnham belle remained unchallenged after two separate incursions offreshers.
as she sat before a "burry," clad in a blue, pinafore-like garment, fromwhich emerged white silk sleeves to match the collar and yoke, her handabsently turning over a pile of notebooks, bound in green and blue androse, she made a striking contrast to hannah vernon in a cinnamon coatand skirt, built for wear by a cheap tailor on the principle of "thereor thereabouts."
even the notebooks reflected the personality of theirowners, for the one which hannah carried was of the shiny blackpersuasion which seemed to proclaim that, being made for good solidwork, it disdained the affectation of beauty.
plain hannah's littleeyes twinkled affectionately at her old friend.
she detached a pencilfrom a chain which dangled by her side, and said tentatively--"subtle--yes!
let's have a subtler by all means."
"i--was thinking--we might have something touching upon futurepossibilities.
i've not quite got it yet, but something about bridesand spinsters.
future brides--budding brides--beautiful brides."
"easy enough to have adjectives for the brides.
where do the spinsterscome in?"
"oh, one would have to infer--subtly, of course--that they _would_ bespinsters!
that would be adjective enough.
embryo spinsters--preparatory spinsters--p-p-probable spinsters.
i have it!
i have it!
`possible brides against probable spinsters!'"
ejaculated hannah, and drew her forefinger slowly down her nose.
shouldn't mind one rapmyself; lead off the probables with a cheer.
but, i fear me, there'd bebrickbats floating in the air.
how much would you take in coin of therealm to go up to vera ruskin and invite her to play for the spinsters?
personally i'd rather be excused."
"i'd volunteer as a start!
love to do it!"
noble of you, no doubt; but unconvincing," returnedhannah dryly.
it's a fine suggestion in theory, but in practicei'm afraid it won't work.
i don't want to imperil my popularity forgood.
think of something a trifle less searching!
slackers against swotters!
how would that dofor a change?"
darsie curled her little nose.
how would you dress?"
the swotters might have bandages round their heads, and studynotebooks between play.
the slackers would just--could just--""just so!
too feeble, my dear!
it won't do.
what aboutworth and charm?
might make up something out of that.
worth, solidworth, genuine worth--""moral worth!"
moral worth against charm, personal charm!
that'll do it.
that'll do it!
_moral worth against personal charm_.
nobody can beoffended at being asked to represent moral worth."
"they will, though!
the female heart is desperately wicked," returnedhannah shrewdly.
"but if they do it's their own look-out.
we'llpreserve a high and lofty tone, and be _surprised_!
thanks awfully, oldgirl.
it's an adorable idea.
what price the moral worth costume--eh,what?"
the hockey captain went off chuckling, and excitement ran high in thehockey world when the thrilling announcement was posted that afternoon.
"for which side shall i be asked to play?"
forwards, backs, and goalsalike agitated themselves over these questions, and, sad to relate,hannah proved a true prophet, for while an invitation from the `personalcharm' captain aroused smiles of delight, the implication of `moralworth' was but coldly received.
darsie garnett herself was conscious of an electric shock of the mostunpleasant nature when, but half an hour after the posting of thenotice, the "moral worths" invited her to join their ranks!
with allthe determination in the world, she found it impossible to repress astart of surprise, and was acutely conscious of smothered giggles ofamusement from those around.
she accepted, of course, withprotestations of delight, and ten minutes later found balm in the shapeof an invitation from the rival team.
the "personal charms" deploreddarsie's loss, but considered it a masterpiece of diplomacy on the partof the "moral worth" captain to have headed her team with the name ofthe newnham belle.
"no one could be snarkey after that!"
the two teams held committee meetings on the subject of costumes, whichwere kept a dead secret until the hour for the match had arrived, when alarge body of spectators awaited their arrival on the ground, withexpectations pleasantly excited.
the "personal charms" appeared first,marching in pairs with heads erect, and stamped on each face thatbrilliant, unalterable, toothy smile affected by actresses of inferiorrank.
each head was frizzed and tousled to about twice its naturalsize, and crowned by an enormous topknot of blue ribbon.
white blousesand skirts, blue belts, ties, and hose completed an attractive costume,and as a finishing touch, the handle of the hockey-stick was embellishedwith a second huge blue bow.
from a spectacular point of view the "personal charms" were certainly anunusually attractive spectacle, but as regards popularity with the"field," they fell far behind the rival team.
the "moral worths"allowed a judicious time to elapse after the appearance of the "personalcharms," and then, just as the spectators were beginning to waximpatient, excitement was aroused by the appearance of a white banner,borne proudly aloft in the arms of two brawny forwards.
printed on thebanner were two lines of poetry, which at nearer view proved to be ahighly appropriate adaptation--  "be good, sweet maid,  and let who will be charming!"
certainly the "moral worths" had been at pains to disguise any charmthey possessed!
even darsie herself looked plain with her hair draggedback into a tight little knot, her grey flannel shirt padded into thesimilitude of stooping shoulders, her skirt turned carefully back tofront.
with lumping gait and heavy footsteps the team marched round thefield, and drew up beside the beaming "personal charms," who despite theblasts of easterly wind through summer muslin blouses, continued tosmile, and smile, and smile.
throughout the heated game which followed the "moral worths" weredistinctly the favourite team; nevertheless, it is the deplorable truththat the "personal charms" won at a canter, despite the handicap oftheir beribboned sticks.
when, tired and muddy, darsie reached her study again, it was to find apostcard from lavender which a kindly fresher had laid upon her "burry."
it bore but a few words written in large characters, and plentifullyunderlined--"_which team were you asked to play for_?"
what a glow of satisfaction it gave one to be able to reply, truthfullyand accurately, with one short, illuminating--"_both_!"
among the other joys of the last terms, one shone out pre-eminent indarsie garnett's estimation.
she was prime minister!
it seemed almosttoo splendid to be true!
she, who three years before had made her firstappearance at political as the bashful representative of bootle-cum-linacre, to have advanced to this dizzy height of power!
to be captainof the hockey club paled into insignificance before this crowninghonour, but as hannah was "speaker," darsie was unable to crow as loudlyas she would have done if her friend's place had been below the gangway.
political was held in college hall on monday evenings at eight o'clock,and in old-fashioned style the members were divided into three parties,conservatives, liberals, and unionists, whose seats were so arranged asto form three sides of a square.
viewed from afar there was a strong element of humour about this mockparliament.
prophetic it might be, but it was distinctly droll to hearhonourable members addressed as "madam," while some of the statutesembodied in the constitution-book were quite deliciously unexpected, thespecial one, which ran, "_members occupying the front benches arerequested not to darn stockings during political_" being a constantsource of delight to parents and friends.
darsie was a liberal.
members of the opposition accused her openly ofsocialism.
shall we sacrifice our brother man for the sake ofthe demon gold_?
she would declaim with waving hands and cheeks aflame,whereat the liberals would cheer as one girl, and even the conservativesthemselves be moved to admiration.
debates relating to education, suffrage, and the house of lords wereheld during the winter months, but the crowning excitement followed adaring bill introduced by the liberal party for the abolishment of theunionists _in toto_, on the ground that, being neither fish, flesh, norgood red herring, they acted but as a drag on the wheels of progress.
the benches were crowded to their fullest capacity on the occasion ofthis historic debate; even the dons themselves came in to listen, andthe whips flew round the corridors, giving no quarter to the fewskulkers discovered at work in their studies, until they also wereforced into the breach.
as a result, the unionist party, supported bymoderates on both sides, achieved a brilliant and decisive victory.
so much for political, but the prime minister occupied another proudposition, for margaret france's prophecy had been fulfilled, and darsiewas now captain of the clough fire brigade.
beneath her were twolieutenants, and two companies, each seven girls strong, and the duty ofchoosing times of the utmost inconvenience and unpreparedness for drillalarms rested entirely at her discretion.
when the fire-bell rang,every member of the brigade must leave whatever she happened to beabout, and dash pell-mell to the assembling-ground on an upper story.
there the force ranked up in order, the captain explained the localityand nature of the supposed conflagration, and each "man" received "his"own instruction--one to shut windows and ventilators, and so diminishdraughts, another to uncoil the hose, a third to affix the nozzle, andso on.
the work was accomplished, examined by the authorities, and the"men" were back on the top landing, ranked up in their original order,in an incredibly short space of time, when the captain gave a sharpcriticism of the performance, followed by a few questions to test thegeneral knowledge of the staff: where was mary murray's study?
what wasits aspect?
what was the nearest water supply?
one excuse for non-attendance, and one only, was allowed to passmuster--a member who chanced to be in a hot bath what time the bell rangforth the alarm might lie at ease and smile at the scurry without,health and the risk of chill being considered before imaginary dangers.
if, however, the bath were _cold_, out she must get, dash into the coatand skirt which, for members of the fire brigade, supplanted theordinary dressing-gown, and take her place with the rest.
nor--with darsie garnett as captain--was it any use to attemptdeception, as a tired little fresher discovered to her cost, when shenaughtily turned a warm stream into her cold bath and refused to budge.
no sooner were lightning-like instructions rapped out upstairs than downflew the irate captain, rapped at the door, demanded admission, and--inthe absence of steam upon the wall--sentenced the cringing truant to amonth's suspension of privileges.
nor was darsie's own position free from anxiety, for once in a term itwas the prerogative of the brigade to surprise the captain, and woebefall her prestige if, on that occasion, she were found wanting!
coat,skirt, and slippers lay nightly on a chair by her bedside, together withthe inevitable pile of notebooks, and she felt a burden off her mindwhen the alarm had come and gone.
deep, deep down in the recesses of darsie's mind there slumbered a fellambition.
if there could be a _real_ fire before her term of officeexpired!
not a serious one, of course--nothing to imperil the safety ofthe dear old house, but just sufficient to cause a _real_ alarm, andgive the brigade an opportunity of demonstrating its powers!
it wasalmost too aggravating to be borne, to hear one morning that a second-year girl had indulged in a study fire, and had extinguished it of herown accord.
extinguished by private effort, when a captain, twolieutenants, and fourteen "men" were languishing for an opportunity toexhibit their powers!
the captain spoke sternly to the second-yeargirl, and rebuked her.
"how," she demanded, "can you _expect_ a reliable force, if preciousopportunities are to be wasted like this?
curtains ablaze, and thebedclothes singeing.
we may wait for _years_ for another suchopportunity!"
"but where do _i_ come in?"
cried the second-year girl.
"i gave ten andsixpence for that quilt.
and a jug of water standing close at hand!
itwas only human nature--""i hope," returned the captain of the fire brigade icily--"i _hope_ thatis not the spirit in which you propose to go through life.
it's a poorthing if you cannot sacrifice a ten-and-sixpenny quilt in the interestof the public good."
and she stalked majestically from the room.
the tripos week!
every third-year girl felt as if life and deathtrembled in the balance during those eventful days.
they woke on themonday morning with much the same feeling as that of a patient whoexpects to have an arm amputated at eleven, and is morally convincedthat she will sink beneath the strain, and when at seven o'clock asecond-year friend crept into the study, tray in hand, and administeredsympathising cups of tea, the final touch was given to the illusion.
darsie quailed before the prospect of those three-hour papers.
experience had proved that she was not at her best in examinations;imaginative people rarely are, since at the critical moment the brain isapt to wander off on dire excursions into the future, envisaging thehorrors of failing, instead of buckling to work in order to ensuresuccess.
historical french grammar in especial loomed like a pall, andshe entered the mission room at saint columba's with the operation-likefeeling developed to its acutest point.
for several minutes after taking the first paper in her hand darsiefound it impossible to decipher the words.
the type danced mistilybefore her eyes; and when at last letters shaped themselves out of theconfusion, the last state was worse than the first, for she wasconvinced--drearily, hopelessly convinced--that she could not answer asingle question out of the number.
she laid down the paper, and steadied herself resolutely.
all over theroom other girls were sitting on hard, uncomfortable chairs beforetables like her own, some motionless and stunned-looking like herself,some already setting briskly to work.
on the walls, among a number ofquotations, "_help one another_!"
stared her in the face with tragicsignificance, and again: "how far high failure overleaps the bounds oflow successes."
she lifted the paper again, and decidedwith a glimmer of hope that she could answer at least _one_ question,set to work, and scribbled for life until the last moment of theprescribed three hours!
positivelyone's legs wobbled beneath one as one trailed wearily newnhamwards.
what a comfort to be fussed over and petted, treated as distinguishedinvalids whom the college was privileged to tend!
the tripos girls "sat at high" at the head of the room, surrounded byattentive dons, with the v.c.
herself smiling encouragement, and urgingthem to second helpings of chicken (chicken!!).
by the time that it wasnecessary to start forth for the afternoon's ordeal they felt mentallyand physically braced, and the operation feeling lessened sensibly.
at the afternoon's ordeal, however, the weariness and depression grewmore acute than ever, and on the walk home the comparing of answers hadanything but a cheering effect.
no girl was satisfied; each was morallyconvinced that her companions had done better than herself.
where shehad failed to answer a question, a reminder of the solution filled herwith despair.
it was as simple as abc.
she had known itoff by heart.
nothing short of softening of the brain could explainsuch idiotic forgetfulness.
it was a kindly custom which separated the sufferers on their return tocollege, each one being carried off by her special second-year adorer toa cheery little tea-party, for which the most congenial spirits and themost delectable fare were provided.
here the tired senior was soothedand fed, and her self-esteem revived by an attitude of reverence on thepart of the audience.
the second-year girls shuddered over the papers;were convinced that never, no never, could they face the like, andsuggested that it would be a saving of time to go down at once.
later on that first evening, when marian white appeared to put herinvalid to bed, she bore in her hand a letter from margaret france,which darsie hailed with a cry of joy.
i _thought_ she would write to me.
i wondered that i didn't havea letter this morning, but she was right as usual.
she knew i shouldneed it more to-night!"
margaret's letter was short and to the point--"dearest darsie,--a year ago you were cheering me!
how i wish i coulddo the same for you in your need, but as i can't be present in theflesh, here comes a little line to greet you, old dear, and to tell youto be of good cheer.
you are very tired, and very discouraged, and veryblue.
every one is.
it's part of the game.
do you rememberwhat a stern mentor i had, and how she bullied me, and packed me to bed,and took away my books?
oh, the good old times!
the good old times,how happy we were--how i think of them now, and long to be back!
butthe best part remains, for i have still my friend, and you and i,darsie, `belong' for our lives.
"cheer up, old dear!
_you've done a lot better than you think_!
"what's the matter now?"
asked the second-year girl sharply, spying twobig tears course slowly down her patient's cheeks, and darsie returned astammering reply--"i've had such a ch-ch-cheering letter!"
"have you indeed!
the less of _that_ sort of cheering you get thisweek, the better for you!"
snapped marian once more.
she was jealous ofmargaret france, as she was jealous of every girl in the college forwhom darsie garnett showed a preference, and she strongly resented anyinterference with her own prerogative.
"hurry into your dressing-gown,please, and i'll brush your hair," she said now in her most dictatorialtones.
"i'm a pro.
at brushing hair--a hair-dresser taught me how to doit.
you hold the brush at the side to begin with, and work graduallyround to the flat.
i let a fresher brush mine one right when i'd aheadache, and she began in the middle of my cheek.
there's been acoldness between us ever since.
isn't that good?
gets rightinto the roots, doesn't it, and tingles them up!
nothing so soothing asa smooth, hard brush."
darsie shut her eyes and purred like a sleek, lazy little cat.
you _do_ brush well!
i could sit here forhours."
"you won't get a chance.
ten minutes at most, and then off you go, andnot a peep at another book till to-morrow morning."
just for ten minutes, to revive mymemory."
"i'll tell you a story!"
said marian quietly--"a _true_ story from myown experience.
it was when i was at school and going in for thecambridge senior, the last week, when we were having the exams.
we had_slaved_ all the term, and were at the last gasp.
the head girl was oneannie macdiarmid, a marvel of a creature, the most all-round scholari've ever met.
she was invariably first in everything, and i usuallycame in a bad third.
well, we'd had an arithmetic exam, one day, prettystiff, but not more so than usual, and on this particular morning ateleven o'clock we were waiting to hear the result.
the mathematicmaster was a lamb--so keen, and humorous, and just--a _rageur_ at times,but that was only to be expected.
he came into the room, papers inhand, his mouth screwed up, and his eyebrows nearly hidden under hishair.
we knew at a glance that something awful had happened.
hecleared his throat several times, and began to read aloud the arithmeticresults.
`total, a hundred.
bessie smith, eighty-seven.'
there was arustle of surprise.
not annie macdiarmid?
just bessie--an ordinarysort of creature, who wasn't going in for the local at all.
stella bruce, seventy-four.'
where did _i_ come in?
i'dnever been lower than that.
`kate stevenson, sixty-four.'
some oneelse fifty, some one else forty, _and_ thirty _and_ twenty, and stillnot a mention of annie macdiarmid or of me.
you should have _seen_ herface!
i shall never forget it.
and she laced her fingers inand out, and chewed, and chewed.
i was too stunned to feel.
the worldseemed to have come to an end.
down it came--sixteen, fourteen, ten--and then at last--at bitter, long last--`miss marian white, _six_!
darsie stared beneath the brush, drawing a long breath of dismay.
"what _did_ you do?"
that was where he showed himself so wise.
an ordinary masterwould have raged and stormed, insisted upon our working for extra hours,going over and over the old ground, but he knew better.
he just bangedall the books together, tucked them under his arm, and called out: `nomore work!
put on your hats and run off home as fast as you can go, andtell your mothers from me to take you to the waxworks, or a wild beastshow.
don't dare to show yourselves in school again until mondaymorning.
read as many stories as you please, but open a school book atyour peril!'"
marian paused dramatically, darsie peered at her through a mist of hair,and queried weakly, "well?"
"well--so we didn't!
we just slacked and lazed, and amused ourselvestill the monday morning, and then, like giants refreshed, we went downto the fray and--""and what?"
"i've told you before!
i got second-class honours, and the macdiarmidcame out first in all england, distinction in a dozen subjects--arithmetic among them.
so now, miss garnett, kindly take the moral toheart, and let me hear no more nonsense about `reviving memories.'
_your_ memory needs putting to sleep, so that it may wake up refreshedand active after a good night's rest."
and darsie weakly, reluctantly obeyed.
may week followed hard on the tripos that year, but darsie took no partin the festivities.
the remembrance of the tragic event of last summermade her shrink from witnessing the same scenes, and in her physicallyexhausted condition she was thankful to stay quietly in college.
moreover, a sad task lay before her in the packing up her belongings,preparatory to bidding adieu to the beloved little room which had beenthe scene of so many joys and sorrows during the last three years.
vie vernon, as a publicly engaged young lady, was paying a round ofvisits to her _fiance's_ relations, but mr and mrs vernon had come upas usual, arranging to keep on their rooms, so that they might have thesatisfaction of being in cambridge when the tripos list came out.
witha son like dan and a daughter like hannah, satisfaction was a foregoneconclusion; calm, level-headed creatures both of them, who were not tobe flurried or excited by the knowledge of a critical moment, but mostsanely and sensibly collected their full panoply of wits to turn them togood account.
hannah considered it in the last degree futile to dread an exam.
"whatelse," she would demand in forceful manner--"what else are you workingfor?
for what other reason are you here?"
but her arguments, thoughunanswerable, continued to be entirely unconvincing to darsie and othernervously constituted students.
the same difference of temperament showed itself in the manner ofwaiting for results.
dan and hannah, so to speak, wiped their pensafter the writing of the last word of the last paper, and there and thenresigned themselves to their fate.
they had done their best; nothingmore was possible in the way of addition or alteration--for good or illthe die was cast.
then why worry?
wait quietly, and take what camealong!
blessed faculty of common sense!
a man who is born with such atemperament escapes half the strain of life, though it is to be doubtedwhether he can rise to the same height of joy as his more imaginativeneighbour, who lies awake shivering at the thought of possible ills, andcan no more "wait quietly" for a momentous decision than he couldbreathe with comfort in a burning house.
when the morning arrived on which the results of the tripos were to beposted on the door of the senate house, darsie and hannah had taken alast sad farewell of their beloved newnham, and were ensconced with mrand mrs vernon in their comfortable rooms.
the lists were expected toappear early in the morning, and the confident parents had arranged apicnic "celebration" party for the afternoon.
darsie never forgot that morning--the walk to the senate house with danand hannah on either side, the sight of the waiting crowd, the strainedefforts at conversation, the dragging hours.
at long last a list appeared--the men's list only: for the women's afurther wait would be necessary.
but one glance at the paper showeddan's name proudly ensconced where every one had expected it would be,and in a minute he was surrounded by an eager throng--congratulating,cheering, shaking him by the hand.
he looked quiet as ever, but hiseyes shone, and when darsie held out her hand he gripped it with aviolence which almost brought the tears to her eyes.
the crowd cleared away slowly, the women students retiring to refreshthemselves with luncheon before beginning a second wait.
the vernonsrepaired to their rooms and feasted on the contents of the hamperprepared for the picnic, the father and mother abeam with pride andsatisfaction, dan obviously filled with content, and dear old hannahfull of quips.
darsie felt ashamed of herself because she alone failedto throw off anxiety; but her knees _would_ tremble, her throat _would_parch, and her eyes _would_ turn back restlessly to study the clock.
"better to die by sudden shock,  than perish piecemeal on the rock!"
the old couplet which as a child she had been used to quote darted backinto her mind with a torturing pang.
how much longer of this agonycould she stand?
anything, anything would be better than this draggingon in suspense, hour after hour.
but when once again the little partyapproached the senate house, she experienced a swift change of front.
no, no, this was not suspense; it was hope!
hope was blessed andkindly.
only certainty was to be dreaded, the grim, unalterable fact.
the little crowd of girls pressed forward to read the lists.
darsiepeered with the rest, but saw nothing but a mist and blur.
then a voicespoke loudly by her side; hannah's voice:"first class!
whom did she mean?
darsie's heart soared upward with a dizzy hope, hereyes cleared and flashed over the list of names.
hannah vernon--marybates--eva murray--many names, but not her own.
the mist and the blur hid the list once more, she felt an arm grip herelbow, and dan's voice cried cheerily--"a second class!
good for you, darsie!
i thought you were going tofail."
it was a relief.
not a triumph; not the proud, glad moment of which shehad dreamed, but a relief from a great dread.
the girls congratulatedher, wrung her hand, cried, "well done!"
and wished her luck; third-class girls looked envious and subdued; first-class girls in other"shops" whispered in her ear that it was an acknowledged fact thatmodern languages had had an uncommonly stiff time this year.
modernlanguages who had themselves gained a first class, kept discreetly outof the way.
hannah said, "see, i was right!
are you satisfied now?"
no one showed any sign of disappointment.
perhaps no one but herselfhad believed in the possibility of a first class.
the last band of students turned away from the gates with a strangereluctance.
it was the last, the very last incident of the dear oldlife--the happiest years of life which they had ever known, the yearswhich from this moment would exist but as a memory.
even the mostsuccessful felt a pang mingling with their joy, as they turned theirbacks on the gates and walked quietly away.
later that afternoon dan and darsie found themselves strolling acrossthe meadows towards grantchester.
they were alone, for, the picnichaving fallen through, mr and mrs vernon had elected to rest after theday's excitement, and hannah had settled herself down to the writing ofendless letters to relations and friends, bearing the good news of thedouble honours.
darsie's few notes had been quickly accomplished, and had been moreapologetic than jubilant in tone, but she honestly tried to put her ownfeelings in the background, and enter into dan's happiness as heconfided to her his plans for the future.
"i'm thankful i've come through all right--it means so much.
i'm alucky fellow, darsie.
i've got a rattling opening, at the finest of thepublic schools, the school i'd have chosen above all others.
jenson gota mastership there two years ago--my old coach, you remember!
he wasalways good to me, thought more of me than i deserved, and he spoke ofme to the head.
there's a vacancy for a junior master next term.
theywrote to me about it.
it was left open till the lists came out, but nowi now it will go through.
i'm safe for it now."
"oh, dan, i'm so glad; i'm so glad for you!
you've worked so hard thatyou deserve your reward.
a mastership, and time to write--that's yourambition still?
you are still thinking of your book?"
"ah, my book!"
dan's dark eyes lightened, his rugged face shone.
itwas easy to see how deeply that book of the future had entered into hislife's plans.
he discussed it eagerly as they strolled across thefields, pointing out the respects in which it differed from othertreatises of the kind; and darsie listened, and sympathised, appreciatedto the extent of her abilities, and hated herself because, the moreabsorbed and eager dan grew, the more lonely and dejected became her ownmood.
then they talked of hannah and her future.
with so good a recordshe would have little difficulty in obtaining her ambition in a post asmathematical mistress at a girls' school.
it would be hard on mrsvernon to lose the society of both her daughters, but she was wiseenough to realise that hannah's _metier_ was not for a domestic life,and unselfish enough to wish her girls to choose the most congenial_roles_.
"and my mother will still have three at home, three big, incompetentgirls!"
sighed darsie in reply, and her heart swelled with a suddenspasm of rebellion.
"oh, dan, after all my dreams!
i'm so bitterlydisappointed.
poor little second-class me!"
cried dan sharply.
he stood still, facing her in thenarrow path, but now the glow had gone from his face; it was twistedwith lines of pain and anxiety.
it's the day of my life, butit's all going to fall to pieces if you are sad!
you've done your best,and you've done well, and if you are a bit disappointed that you'vefailed for a first yourself, can't you--can't you take any comfort outof _mine_?
it's more than half your own.
i'd never have got there bymyself!"
"dan, dear, you're talking nonsense!
what nonsense you talk!
what have_i_ done?
what _could_ i do for a giant like you?"
dan brushed aside the word with a wave of the hand.
"do you remember when we were talking last year, beside the fire, in theold study one afternoon, when all the others were out, talking aboutpoor percival, and your answer to a question i asked?
`_he needs me,dan_!'
i argued very loftily about the necessity of a manstanding alone and facing his difficulties by himself, and you said thatwas true, but only a part of the truth.
i've found that out for myselfsince then.
if that was true of percival, it is fifty times truer ofme!
_i_ need you, darsie!
i shall always need you.
i've not a penny-piece in the world, except what my father allows me.
i shall probablyalways be poor.
for years to come i shall be grinding away as a juniormaster.
even when the book is written it can never bring much return ina monetary sense, but success will come in the end, i'll _make_ it come!
and when it does, it will belong to you as much as to me.
"yes...  thank you, dan!"
the answer came in a breathless gasp.
darsie's big eyes were fixed upon dan's face in rapt, incredulous gaze.
the cramp of loneliness had loosened from her heart; the depression hadvanished; a marvellous new interest had entered into her life; she wasfilled with a beatific content.
i'll be proud to remember.
but--i don't understand!"
"i don't understand myself," said dan simply.
"i only know it is true.
so don't get low, darsie, and don't be discouraged.
you're in a classby yourself, and all the honours in the world couldn't improve you.
andnow that's over, and we start afresh!"
it was like dan to hurry back with all speed to more practical talk.
darsie understood, and was satisfied.
they stood together for anothermoment looking back on the massed towers and spires of cambridge, thenslowly, reluctantly, turned away.
a new life lay ahead, its outline vague and undefined like that of thelandscape around, but the sun was shining.
it shone full on their youngfaces, as they went forward, hand in hand.
