cassandra raynor stood on the terrace of her great house, looking overthe sweep of country stretching to right and left, and in her heart wasthe deadliest of all weariness,--the weariness of repletion.
it seemedat that moment the bitterest cross that she had nothing left for whichto wish, that everything good which the world could give was hersalready, and had left her cold.
the stately old house was hers, with its treasures of old-worldfurnishings, the same furnishings which had ministered to generationsdead and gone, and would minister to others yet to come.
it would havebeen considered sacrilege to stamp the individuality of the chatelaineof an hour on those historic halls.
the distant stretch of country waspart of her estate, but the sight of it brought no thrill to cassandra'sveins.
her jaded eyes had wearied of the familiar landscape, as theyhad wearied of the interior of the house, in which she seemed more atenant than a mistress.
cassandra wandered idly to and fro, obsequiously shadowed by obsequiousservants, and wondered what it would feel like to live in asemi-detached villa, and arrange one's own rooms in one's own way, andfrill pink silk curtains, and festoon lamp shades, and run to the doorto meet a husband returning from the city.
she herself had never run tomeet bernard.
if she had once begun that sort of thing, she might havebeen running all day long, for he was always in and out.
she wonderedwhat it would feel like to have a husband who disappeared regularly atnine a.m., and returned at seven.
one might be quite glad to see him!
cassandra had done her duty to the family by producing a healthy malechild within eighteen months of her marriage.
so sorely had shesuffered in giving birth to her son that there was no hope of a secondchild to bear him company, but there had been no regret nor self-pity inher mother's heart during those first hours in which he lay, red andcrumpled, within her arms.
never while she lived could cassandra forgetthe rest, the thankfulness, the deep, uplifted joy of those hours.
ithad seemed to her then that with the coming of the child all gaps mustbe filled, and all the poverty of life be turned into gold.
but... wasit her own fault, or the fault of circumstances which had brought aboutthe disillusionment?
it had been difficult to believe that the stolid,well-behaved young person, who walked abroad between two white-robednurses, spoke when he was spoken to, and tucked his feeder carefullybeneath his chin, was really her own child, bone of her bone, flesh ofher flesh; the wonder child of whom she had dreamt such dreams.
cassandra had known nothing of babies; mrs mason, the head nurse, kneweverything, and bernard was tenacious of the safety of his heir.
hethought it a pity for his wife to "interfere," and said as much with hisusual frankness.
he did not approve of young children being inevidence, and discouraged the boy's appearance downstairs.
at anunusually early age also he selected a preparatory school at the far endof the county, and henceforth bernard the younger visited home for theholidays only, and was no longer a member of the household proper.
cassandra loved him, but,--she had wanted to love him so much more!
inthose first hours she had imagined a bond of union so strong and tenderthat the commonplaces of the reality could not fail to be adisappointment.
bernard was a dutiful boy, a sensible boy, a boy whobrought home satisfactory reports; he considered the mater a good sort,and appreciated her generosity.
her affection he endured, hertenderness he would have abhorred, but it was as difficult to be tenderto bernard the son, as to bernard the father.
cassandra had abandonedthe attempt.
and, socially speaking, the court was situated in a hopeless part of thecounty.
the other two big places in the neighbourhood were occupied,the one by an objectionable _nouveau riche_, and the other by an elderlycouple of such strong evangelical tendencies that they disapproved ofeverything which other people enjoyed.
there were, it is true, a fewpleasant families at the other side of the county, but though they couldbe counted upon for state occasions, the intervening miles forbadeanything like easy, everyday intimacy.
in autumn the raynorsentertained a succession of guests for the shooting, but for the rest ofthe year bernard discouraged house parties.
he was bored by cassandra'sfriends, she was bored by his, the guests were mutually bored by eachother, what then was the use of going to trouble and expense?
as for chumley, the nearest small township, a mile or less from thenearest gate of the court, from cassandra's point of view "no-one" livedthere--literally no one, but a few dull, suburban families who gaveafternoon tea parties, gossiped about their neighbours, and woreimpossible clothes.
cassandra maintained that there was not a creaturein chumley worth knowing, but bernard said that was nonsense, there mustbe some decent women among them, if she would only be decent in return!
cassandra maintained that she was decent; she called on them sometimes,and she asked them to garden parties.
one could do no more.
cassandra had been married ten years, and would be thirty on her nextbirthday.
when one was a girl it had seemed so impossibly dull to bethirty.
and it was; cassandra thought it would be vastly more agreeableto be forty, at once, and be done with it.
at forty, one began to growstout and grey, to lie down in the afternoon, and feel interested incommittee meetings, and societies, and other people's business.
atthirty, one was still so painfully interested in oneself!
at forty, one _was_ old, looked it, felt it, acknowledged it with bodyand mind... but at thirty, it was difficult to be consistently discreet.
at thirty, one _knew_ one was old; with the brain one knew it, but itwas impossible to live consistently up to the knowledge.
there weremoments when one felt so extraordinarily, so incredibly young, momentswhen the mirror, instead of crying shame on such folly, backed one up indelusion, and gave back the reflection of a girl!
cassandra thanked providence daily for her eyes, her hair, her straightback, and the dimple in her chin.
viewed in full, her face was acharming oval; taken in halves it supplied two admirable profiles.
thenose leant a trifle to the left, so that was the side on which she choseto be photographed and on which she bestowed the prettiest side of herhats.
cassandra and the mirror enjoyed the hats, and chumleydisapproved.
that was all the satisfaction she got out of theirpurchase.
bernard took no notice of clothes during the enchantingperiod of their youth, but just when his wife was feeling tired to deathof a garment, he would awake to a consciousness of its existence andcry: "holloa, what's this?
you are mighty smart.
another new frock?"
cassandra wished to goodness as he was not more observant, he would notbe observant at all.
it made it so awkward to order new things.
cassandra seated herself in a deep cushioned chair, folded her hands inher lap, and began one of the animated conversations with her inner selfwhich were the resource of her idle hours.
it was so comfortabletalking to oneself,--one could be honest, could say precisely what onemeant, need have no tiresome fears for other people's susceptibilities.
"what's the matter with me that i feel so restless and dull?
i ought tobe contented and happy, but i'm not.
i'm bored to death, and thetrouble of it is,--i can't think why!
i've everything i could wish for,and i'm as unsatisfied as if i'd nothing.
in the name of fortune, mydear, _what do you want_?--it comes to this--i'm either a morbid,introspective, weak-minded fool or else i'm noble and fine, and amstretching out for higher things.
i'd like to think it was the last,but i'm not at all sure!
i don't long to be great or noble, or superiorin any way--only just to be happy, and at rest...  i wonder if by chancei'm unhappily married?
that would account for so much.
i wonder if iruined my life when i gave in, and said `yes' to bernard!
if i did, itwas with the best intentions.
i _was_ fond of him.
when a dull, quietman gets really worked up, there's something extraordinarily compelling.
and i expected he'd _stay_ worked up.
at eighteen any girl would.
there ought to be a bureau of matrimonial intelligence to prevent themfrom making such mistakes.
i'd be the secretary, and say: `my dear, hewon't!
this is only a passing conflagration.
it will die out, andhe'll revert to the normal.
you'll have to live with the normal tilldeath do you part.
it doesn't follow that you'll quarrel...  ah!
mydear girl, there are so many worse things!
it's deplorable, of course,to quarrel with one's husband, but the reconciliation might be worth thepain.
you might put your head on his shoulder, and say: "it was everybit your fault, and the rest was mine.
and we'll never do itagain!"
and he'd choose the prettiest dimple, and kiss you there, and doit so nicely, you'd long to quarrel again.
oh, yes, there are pointsabout quarrelling, but it's so hopelessly uningratiating to be--bored.
the worse you feel, the less you can say.
imagine telling a man that hebored you to extinction, and expecting to be kissed in return!
beingbored goes on and on, and never works itself off'...  bernard is goodand loyal, and honourable, and just,--and i'm _so_ tired of him.
i_am_; and i can't pretend any longer.
we've lived together in peace andboredom for ten long years, and something within me seems wearing out--"i wonder how many married people come up against this hurdle?
its nameis satiety, and it is bristling with difficulties.
i've a suspicionthat if one could get cleanly over, it would be a safe trot home.
butit blocks the way.
i'm up against it now--"cassandra rested an elbow on the arm of her chair, and leant her head onthe uplifted hand.
a thrill of something like fear ran through herveins.
the simile of the hurdle had leapt into her mind subconsciously,as such things will, but the conscious mind recognised its face.
alongthe quiet path lay no chance for the reforming of life; it mustnecessarily be some shock, some upheaval, which would either open outnew fields, or gild the old with some of the vanished splendour.
evenif one failed to reach the goal without a toss, a toss was preferable toan eternal jog-trot.
cassandra narrowed her eyes, and stared into space, but no man's facepictured itself in her mind; for ten long years bernard had, for good orill, filled the foreground of her life, not the mildest of flirtationshad been hers.
she was a pure-minded woman, bred on conventional lines,and the idea of a lover would have outraged her delicacy.
inconsidering the events which might possibly vitalise the future, hermind dwelt on strictly legitimate happenings.
a serious illness,--herown,--bernard's,--the boy's; the loss of money; a lengthened separation,which would revive joys staled by custom.
regarded dispassionately theprospects were not cheerful, nevertheless she found herself cheered bythe contemplation.
she saw herself occupied, engrossed, with somethingto do, a real object in life.
it might be a reviving experience to haveone of the bernards--not dangerously so, of course, but just enough illto feel dependent on the one woman in the family.
even to be illoneself would have points.
she would sit propped up against her bestpillow covers, wearing a distracting bed jacket and cap, and bernardwould come in, and look at her, and say,--what would he say?
cassandra's smile was twisted with a pathetic humour.
got 'em _all_ on!
bucking up a bit, ain't you?
i'm off for aride..."  rather a tame denouement to which to look forward as thereward for weeks of suffering!
cassandra determined on the whole thatshe would rather keep well.
and the two bernards,--what sort of convalescents would they make?
cassandra drew a mental picture of the sick room, with the older patientstretched on a couch, and herself seated by his side, a devoted andassiduous nurse, but there was an obstinate commonplaceness about fatherand son which refused to adapt itself to the scene.
bernard would haveno reflections to make on the wonder of life restored; he would want tohear the _sporting times_ read aloud, and the latest news of the crops.
his tenderest acknowledgment of her care would be a, "looking a bitpeaked, old girl!
what's the sense of paying a nurse and doing the workyourself?"
as for the boy, he would talk cricket, be politely bored,and surreptitiously wipe off kisses.
cassandra determined that on thewhole the two bernards had better keep well also!
as for poverty--one would certainly have enough to do to run a house ona few hundreds a year, but though viewed generally the prospect soundedpicturesque, a definite narrowing down to a comparison with one of themany chumley homesteads, brought a quick shudder of distaste.
thenarrow rooms, the inferior servants, the infinitesimal gardens,--cassandra thrust out her hands in horror of the thought, and laughed asoft, full-throated laugh.
"if i am bound to be dissatisfied, let me at least have room to bedissatisfied in!
i could bear being stinted in almost anything ratherthan _space_.
if bernard loses his money, we'll go abroad and live on aprairie,--anything rather than a stifling villa."
she turned her head as the door opened, and her husband entered, andcrossed the room to a bureau in the far corner.
he wore the usual tweedsuit, the norfolk jacket accentuating his increasing width, the looseknickerbockers revealing large, well-shaped legs.
his skin was tannedto a rich brown, his eyes were a clear hard blue, his teeth strong andwhite, his moustache was cut in a straight harsh line along the upperlip.
his cool gaze included his wife with the rest of the furnishings,but he gave no acknowledgment of her presence; not a flicker ofexpression passed over his face.
there came to cassandra suddenly, irrepressibly, the necessity ofshocking him into life.
she was not a woman who indulged in scenes; itcame naturally to her to hide her feelings, and act a part before theworld.
if bernard had not entered at just that psychological moment, ifhe had looked one bit less sleek, and satisfied, and dense, she couldhave gone on acting, as she had done for years past; as it was, a desirefor expression rose with giant force, and would not be gainsaid.
so be it.
for once she would speak out, and bernard should hear.
she had an acute, a devastating curiosity to hear what he would say.
"bernard, are you busy?
i want to speak to you."
he turned his head.
the clear tints of his skin looked startlinglyhealthy as seen in the light of the great open window.
"bernard, do you love me?"
the utter stupefaction on raynor's face proved that thiswas the last of all questions which he had expected to hear.
he cameacross the room, and stood staring down into his wife's face.
"what thedickens is up?"
"nothing is up.
i asked you a simple question.
what should be up?"
"i thought you'd taken offence at something i'd done!"
"you have done nothing in the least unusual that i know of.
i ratherwish you had.
_do_ you, bernard?"
"do i what?"
"you know quite well, but i'll ask you again, if you prefer it.
do youlove me, bernard?"
the man's ruddy face took a deeper tinge.
"i say, cass, what rot is this?
that was settled and done with yearsago.
i married you.
you're my wife.
if you are not sure of me by thistime, you never will be."
"you are quite sure of yourself?"
"of course i am.
what d'you mean?
i'm not the sort to er--er--"cassandra turned her head over her shoulder and flung him a challengingglance, her blue eyes bright with defiance.
"then you had better understand, bernard, once for all, that--i am notsure of myself!
i'm not at all sure that i love _you_!"
she had said it.
the words rang like a clarion call through the silentroom.
after years of self-deception, and careful covering up, amoment's impulse had laid bare the skeleton.
it stood between them, anaked horror, grinning with fleshless lips.
cassandra saw it andshuddered at the sight, but it was too late to draw back.
she caughther breath, and sat tremblingly waiting for what should come.
what came was a burst of hearty, good-natured laughter.
bernard's eyestwinkled, his white teeth gleamed.
he stretched out a freckled hand andlaid it on his wife's arm.
"that's all right, old girl!
don't you worry about that.
you're fondof me all right, and a rattling good wife.
we've been married a dozenyears, and never had a row.
if all couples got along as well as we do,things would be a sight better.
what's the use of bothering about loveat this time of day.
i'm not a sentimental fellow.
i'm satisfied withthings as they are.
so are you too, as a rule.
got a fit of the blues,that's all!--i say, cass, peignton's coming to tea, and i met that girlof the mallison's,--teresa, isn't it?--and asked her to come along too,and make up a game afterwards.
she plays a good hand, and peignton'sengaged to her they say, or going to be.
so we will do them a goodturn, as well as ourselves."
cassandra rose slowly, straightening her shoulders as if throwing off aweight.
standing there her head was on a level with her husband's, andfor a moment their eyes met, his calm and unperturbed, hers sparklingand defiant.
she had spoken.
he had heard the truth, and had laughedat her for her pains.
now let the fates bring what they might.
he hadbeen warned..."very well, bernard.
i'll have tea early.
shall i order the car totake her home?"
pony cart or some contraption of the kind.
peignton'll look after her all right."
he chuckled, aroused to interest in a prospective romance, though hisown had faded.
he turned, softly whistling, and fumbled in the bureau,while cassandra beat a retreat to her own room.
now she was angry with herself, sore with the humiliation of anunnecessary rebuff.
"how futile of me!
how superfluous to bring it onmy own head!
what did i expect?"
she asked herself bitterly.
she stoodstaring out of the window at the landscape, already darkening in theshort february light, while the thoughts chased themselves in her brain.
her youth,--bernard,--her marriage,--the birth of her child,--ennui,--disappointment,--emptiness.
the different stages seemed to follow oneafter another in relentless sequence; they merged together in nebulousconfusion.
then suddenly her thoughts switched to another topic.
she found herself repeating, "teresa mallison!"
with criticalaccuracy she was conjuring up the picture of a tall, thickly built girl,with fair hair, fresh complexion, and a narrow, long-chinned face.
inchumley circles teresa mallison was considered a pretty girl, and prettyshe was, and would be, so long as the glow of youth disguised theharshness of her features.
cassandra acknowledged as much with thegenerosity which most women show towards the attractions of theirsisters, difficult as masculine incredulity finds it to credit the fact.
teresa mallison was quite a pleasant sort of girl, amiable andunaffected, and quite angelic about accepting eleventh-hour invitationsto fill a vacant place.
one way and another she had been a fairlyfrequent visitor at the court, during the last year, but imagine_choosing_ to live all one's life with such a companion!
imaginebreakfasting throughout the years with teresa mallison as a _vis-a-vis_;being sad with teresa, glad with teresa, living day after day withteresa; growing old, dying, always, always with teresa; watching herheavy form grow heavier, her long face longer, seeing the wrinklesgather round the light blue eyes, listening always, for ever, to thethin, toneless voice, the recurrent spasms of laughter.
dane peigntontoo; peignton of all men!
not one of the ordinary, uninterestingchumley natives, but the most attractive bachelor in the neighbourhood!
that made the mystery deeper.
dane peignton was a comparatively new-comer to the neighbourhood; was infact only a bird of passage, being a temporary tenant of a small place afew miles distant from the court, during its owner's sojourn abroad.
peignton had retired from the army after a serious breakdown in health,and being not overburdened with this world's goods, had been delightedto accept from old friends the loan of a house for a couple of years,the responsibility of superintending the up-keep of the estate beingtaken as a _quid pro quo_ against rent.
being country-bred, he hadlittle difficulty in fitting into his new duties, and in envisaging thefuture, felt that after vernon's return, he would like nothing betterthan to secure a land agency, live quietly in the country, and take upcountry sports.
given a few congenial neighbours, and a library ofbooks, he would feel no hankerings for town.
an hour later cassandra descended the great staircase, and made her wayto the drawing-room to await her guests.
she had discarded her morningdress, and moved by some subtle impulse of coquetry had decked herselfin a new creation, which was pleased to call itself a bridge gown.
evenshe herself would have been puzzled to give an accurate explanation ofher own motives in so doing; so many elements entered, and intermingled.
bernard had repulsed her,--let him see what manner of woman he hadrepulsed!
the remembrance of the girl, rich in youth and love, camealso as a spur to the woman to whom the years had brought disillusion.
teresa mallison had placed her on a pinnacle, and worshipped her as amarvel of grace and beauty,--she wished to retain the girl's admiration,wished for her own sake to feel conscious of looking her best.
shedressed for bernard's benefit, for teresa's, for her own; the onlyperson of whom she took no account was dane peignton himself.
he stoodoutside her life.
the great drawing-room with its white panelled walls looked somewhatcold and austere, but round the log fire was a little haven of comfort,where four spanish leather screens formed a background for deeplycushioned sofas.
the firelight played on the rich colouring of the oldleather work, on the dainty equipments of the tea table; on cassandraherself in her rose-red draperies, on the face, that was so young andvivid, on the eyes which were so tired.
dane peignton approaching from the further end of the room had a momentto take in the details of the scene, before she saw him in her turn, andthe picture stayed in his mind.
cassandra on her part regarded peignton with the added curiosity whichevery woman feels towards an embryo lover, seeing him in a new light, asa central figure in the eternal drama.
she saw a tall man with amilitary bearing, somewhat at variance with bowed shoulders, aclean-shaven face, not handsome, not plain, the features large androughly hewn, the eyes a dark steel grey.
yet he was attractive.
whywas he so attractive?
cassandra pondered the question while keeping upa light flow of conversation, and arrived at varying conclusions.
itwas his eyes.
it was his mouth.
it was his mobility of expression.
itwas an air of weakness underlying strength, which evoked sympathy andinterest.
he _was_ attractive, that was the end of the matter; and hecared for teresa mallison!
the door opened, and teresa was announced.
she had discarded her coatand appeared in a short dark skirt, and a white blouse, transparent atthe neck, and displaying a goodly length of bare brown arms.
her feetlooked disproportionately large in walking shoes, and there was a hintof the provincial in her gait.
one descried at a glance that it was notoften her lot to make an entrance into so stately a room.
cassandrarose to greet her with an involuntary feeling of commiseration.
a fewminutes before she had come near grudging the girl her good fortune, nowat the sight of her, her heart melted with pity.
so _gauche_, so raw!
the heavy looks, the reddened arms.
cassandra's fastidious eye took inthe blemishes at a glance, and the feminine in her rose on the girl'sbehalf.
she placed her on the corner of the sofa, nearest the softlytinted light, moved a table to her side, with a deft hand twitched awaya dark cushion and substituted one of a vivid blue.
the effect wastransforming, for once the dark skirt was hidden from sight the filmyblouse became at once dainty and appropriate, while the softened lightshowed to advantage the gleam in the fair, coiled hair, the youthfulpink and white of the complexion.
cassandra glanced at peignton to seeif he appreciated the picture; and discovered him leaning forward,looking into the girl's face with pleasure and admiration.
teresa wassmiling back, and showing her large white teeth.
cassandra squeezed herlips into a tight little knot, and told herself she was very pleased.
but _how foolish_ they looked!
bernard came in, and sat himself down with deliberation.
he enjoyedafternoon tea, insisted on having a table to himself, and a supply ofhot buttered toast.
hardly a day passed that he did not ask for asecond supply, and give instructions as to liberality with the butter.
he drank three cups of tea, and helped himself largely to cream.
andthen he wondered that he grew stout!
cassandra nibbled daintily atminute wafers of bread, and the girl on the sofa ate sweet cakes withyouthful relish.
"what's the news, miss mallison?"
bernard asked between his mouthfulsof toast.
it was a question which he never failed to ask, and teresamallison's replies never failed to evoke the expected amusement.
shebelieved so implicitly that he was interested in the doings of thatdead-alive little hole, and brought out her little items with such anair of importance.
"the vicar has asked me to decorate the chancel for easter."
"don't you do it!
lots of trouble, and nobody pleased.
let someoneelse take that job."
"oh, but"--teresa looked shocked--"i want to!
it's an honour.
i'veonly done the finials before.
but it needs lots of flowers.
i wonderedif...""i'll bet you did!
they always do."
bernard laughed good-naturedly.
"all right, miss teresa; you shall have them.
someone has them everyyear, and i'd sooner give them to you than most.
tell dawes what youwant, and i'll see that he remembers.
and if you want him to help--""oh, thanks!"
teresa's cheeks showed a deeper colour.
"i have somehelpers.
mr peignton has promised."
"that's right, peignton!
make yourself useful."
bernard's smile was sosignificant, that teresa made haste to give the conversation a turn.
"the martin beverleys have come home."
"they have, have they?
that's the author fellow who married theheiress, who was not an heiress, because she gave it all up to marryhim.
chucked away,--how much was it?
fifty thousand a year?"
"ah well, thirty's good enough!
he didn't seem to me, the few timesi've met him, exactly cheap at the price.
good-looking enough in afashion, and plays a fair game, but a stiff, reserved kind of beggar.
takes himself too seriously for my taste.
they tell me he writes goodbooks."
teresa waxed eloquent in favour of the local celebrity.
he is one of the best authors.
the last one was thebest of all.
it's run through several editions.
you ought to read it,mr raynor."
"can't stick novels!"
declared bernard, who was never known to read aline beyond the morning papers.
"can't understand how anyone can whenthey've passed the cub stage.
and as to writing them--good lord!
fancythat old solemn sides beverley writing an impassioned love scene!
beatsme how he manages to do it."
"it wouldn't, if you knew mrs beverley!"
teresa said sagely.
her blueeyes brightened, she drew a long, eloquent breath.
the men laughed.
cassandra looked up with a dawning of interest.
"she was grizel dundas, niece of that terrible old woman.
i've heard ofher often, but we never met.
i've met mr beverley and his sister, thathandsome girl who went to india: they have been here to several gardenparties.
he is certainly rather stiff, but one feels from his booksthat he must be worth knowing.
it's interesting to know a man for whoma woman has given up so much, but still more interesting to meet thewoman.
tell us, teresa, what she is like!"
but teresa wrinkled her brows, and looked vague and perplexed.
shecould enthuse, but it appeared that she could not describe.
"er--it's so difficult!
she's like no one else.
i've never met anyonein the _least_ like her."
cassandra put the invariable question:"is she pretty?"
i'veheard people call her plain.
but you hardly think of her looks.
she'sso--" again she hesitated, and became lost in confusion.
cassandraprobed once more.
teresa, do please be definite!
i'm interested in thismrs beverley.
if she's really plain, it's so clever of her to looklovely.
if she is lovely, it's so stupid of her to look plain.
_what_is she so--?"
gasped teresa, and giggled triumphantly.
"yes, she _is_ funny!
she says funny things.
in a funny way.
she is not a bit like--""teresa--_what_?"
"chumley," said teresa, and involuntarily cassandra heaved a sigh ofrelief.
not a bit like chumley."
cassandra noted eachpoint with an infinitesimal nod; into her eyes there danced a spark oflight.
"this sounds exciting!
i shall call upon mrs beverley."
"thankful to hear it!"
"you ought to call a lot more.
people expect it.
it would please 'em, and be good for you.
you shutyourself up, and get hipped.
a woman needs gossip, to let off steam."
cassandra's light laugh carried off the personality of the remark, butafter the laugh came a sigh, a ghost of a sigh of whose passing herhusband and teresa remained serenely unconscious.
only peignton heardit, and his eyes turned to rest upon her face.
there was in his glance an intentness, an understanding which gave theimpression of barriers thrust aside.
cassandra was startled by it, anddiscomposed.
she had reached the stage when she did not expect to beunderstood.
that such a stranger as this man should have read herthoughts seemed at the moment a deliberate offence.
she lowered herlids with an impulse of self-defence.
"it is five o'clock," she said shortly.
"bernard, if you can tearyourself from buttered toast, shall we begin bridge?"
it was a pretty sight to see cassandra raynor play bridge.
when dummyfell to her turn, she had a trick of stretching out her right hand, andsoftly tapping the table, during a moment's deliberation, which gave theonlookers an opportunity of admiring what is certainly one of the mostbeautiful of created objects, an exquisitely made, exquisitely tended,woman's hand.
there was but one ring on the hand, a square-cut emerald,surrounded by diamonds, and the milky whiteness of the skin, the flashof the emerald against the dull green of the baize, were charming thingsto behold.
peignton sent a keen glance of enquiry into cassandra'sface, and felt relieved to behold its absorption.
she was thinkingentirely of the game; the beauty of her hand was to her an acceptedfact; the gesture was actuated by no promptings of vanity.
a fewminutes later when teresa imitated the gesture, as she had fallen intothe habit of imitating cassandra in a dozen small ways, peignton staredassiduously at his cards, but there was an extra empressment in thevoice in which he congratulated the girl at the end of the game.
hefelt the same tender commiseration which a parent knows at the sight ofa blemish on a child.
rough luck on a girl to have such ugly hands!
subconsciously his mind registered a vow never to give her emeralds.
during a term of service abroad peignton had met few women, and those ofan uncongenial type, but now he wished to marry, and for some time pasthad been consciously regarding every girl he met in the light of afuture wife.
he was not romantic in his requirements--few men are, whenthey deliberately set about such a search.
he wanted a wife because hewas thirty-five, and not too strong, and if he ever settled down it wastime he did it, and a fellow felt lonely having no one to think of buthimself.
he wanted a girl about twenty-five--not younger than that,--healthy and cheerful, and fond of a country life, and, after eightmonths' residence in chumley, it appeared to him that teresa mallisonfilled the bill.
she was the prettiest and most sporting girl in theneighbourhood; he met her on one excuse or another several times a week,and considered complacently that he was falling in love.
teresa did notconsider at all,--she would have been hanged and quartered for him atany moment of any day; she was prepared to do, what is far moredifficult--marry him on a minute income, keep house with insufficienthelp, and rear a large family.
teresa's tastes were modern, but herheart was victorian.
she looked up to peignton as a god and hero, andprayed daily to be permitted to serve him on her knees.
also, beingvictorian in modesty, she prayed with scarcely less fervour that "unlesshe asked her" he might never suspect her love, and comported herself inthe spirit of that prayer.
therefore peignton considered that she wasignorant of his designs, and told himself that there was no hurry,--nohurry.
it was better to go slow.
this was the first informal occasion on which peignton had visited thecourt and seen cassandra in the intimacy of a _partie carree_, andbefore the first hour was over he had found it necessary to readjustmany impressions concerning his hostess.
first, she was younger than heimagined.
when she smiled, or made little grimaces of disgust atincidents in the play, or lifted her eyebrows at him appealingly on thecommission of a fault, she was not a great lady any more, she was agirl, like the girl by her side.
secondly, she was less beautiful.
hehad seen her at stately dinner parties, gorgeously gowned, a tiaraflashing on her dark head, and had believed her to be faultless offeature; but she was not faultless, her nose deviated noticeably fromthe straight, her mouth was too large; on a nearer view the classicalbeauty disappeared, but her place was taken by a woman infinitely morealluring.
he admired in especial the poise of the little head, and theway in which she dressed her hair.
it was parted in the middle, dippedlow on the forehead, and then swept upwards, and in some mysteriousfashion became a thick plait which encircled her head, like a victor'scrown.
there seemed no beginning or end to that plait, so deftly was itwoven, and to the onlooker it appeared as if a midas finger had laid agentle touch on each entwining braid, so brightly shone out the goldentints in the brown, burnished hair.
peignton had never seen dark hairshow such brilliant lights; he thought that wreath-like plait with thegolden lights more beautiful than a hundred tiaras.
why did not allwomen wear their hair like that?
and her figure too--there was something beguiling about her figure.
thesoftly swathed folds of silk suggested neither dressmaker norcorsetiere, but a warm, living woman.
her neck was as white as herhand..."steam ahead, peignton.
we're waiting for your declaration.
what areyou dreaming about, man?"
"don't ask me.
i couldn't tell you," peignton replied, truthfullyenough.
he had been wondering how the deuce a woman like that had cometo marry bernard raynor!
teresa played a good steady game, and forbore to chatter, a fact dulyappreciated by her host.
cassandra was alternately brilliant andcareless.
at times looking across the table peignton could see her eyesgrow absent and misty, and suspected thoughts far removed from the play.
then he would wait with anticipated pleasure the deprecatory grimace,the penitent, appealing glance.
at seven o'clock miss mallison's carriage was announced, and teresaexhibited a dutiful daughter's unwillingness "to keep the horsewaiting."
in the great hall she slid her arms into a burberry coat,pulled a knitted cap over her head, and passing out of the porch spranglightly to the front seat of a shabby dog-cart.
the coachman, shabby tomatch, stood at the horse's head, and as peignton took his place, lookedon with an impenetrability which denoted that this was not the firsttime he had been superseded.
then he in his turn climbed to a backseat, and the horse trotted off down the dark avenue.
teresa had looked forward with keenest anticipation to this moment whenshe and dane would sit quietly together in the friendly dark.
there wasno expectation of love-making in her mind, far less of a formaldeclaration; she was content just to sit by his side, and leaning backin her seat be able to gaze her fill at the strong, dark form.
on aprevious occasion he had given her the reins to hold while he lit acigarette, and the picture of his face illumined by the tiny flame ofthe match would remain for life in her mental gallery.
she hoped hewould light a cigarette to-night.
if the inchoate thoughts of the girl's mind could have been translatedinto words at that moment, they would have made a poem, but teresa hadnot the gift of expression.
she asked herself several times what sheshould "talk about," before at last she broke the silence.
"you see it _did_ pay to discard from strength!"
the point had been disputed between the two times andagain, but he felt an amused admiration of the manner in which the girlheld to her point.
to-night his remembrance of the game was hazy, butteresa as the victor was entitled to complaisance.
"you played rattling well.
you always do.
i never knew a woman lessmiserly of trumps.
do you know lady cassandra well?"
doubt lingered in teresa's voice.
"they ask me fairlyoften.
she's very kind.
of course, we're not--intimate.
she's so mucholder."
peignton asked, and was happily unaware of his companion'sflush of displeasure.
"she looks very young.
it must be lonely for herin that big place.
i'm glad she has you for a friend."
his voicesoftened as he spoke the last, words.
he turned his head to cast asmiling glance at the girl's figure, and the thought came to his mindthat just in this simple, unpretentious fashion would they drive back totheir joint home during the years to come.
it would not run to morethan a cart, but she had not been used to luxury, and was quite contentin her burberry and cap.
it was not like marrying a society woman.
heaven knows what fallals lady cassandra would don for a like occasion.
peignton admired "fallals," meaning by the term dainty, feminineaccessories, as all men do, apart from the question of price.
he couldnot for his life have described cassandra's costume that evening, but ithad left its impression as a mysterious floating thing, infinitelyremoved from the garments of men.
teresa was essentially tailor-made.
a good thing too, for the wife of a poor man!
"i wonder what on earth made her many him!"
"made her--" teresa's blue eyes widened in astonishment.
because she loved him, of course."
"is it of course?
are there no other reasons for marriage, missteresa?"
"there ought not to be.
there are not... in chumley.
but of course weare not smart."
peignton was once more unconscious of offence.
"still, it'ssometimes difficult to fit the theory to individual cases!
do you neverlook at the couples around you, and wonder how on earth they came tofancy each other?
i believe many of them wonder themselves before ayear is past.
i can't imagine lady cassandra choosing raynor!"
"mr raynor is very nice.
he is a good landlord.
people like him verymuch."
"i like him myself.
he's a very excellent specimen of his type.
i'mnot depreciating raynor as a man--only as a husband for one particularwife.
she's everything that is vivid and alive, he's everythingthat's--slow!
it's a mystery how she took him!"
"perhaps," teresa said shrewdly, "he wasn't so slow _then_!
he was inlove with her, you see."
she used the past tense in placid acceptance of an obvious fact;peignton accepted it also, his curiosity concerning the raynors eclipsedby a tinge of jealousy aroused by the girl's words.
she seemed tounderstand a good deal of the behaviour of a man in love!
how did shecome by her knowledge?
he had thought the coast clear, but was itpossible that one of those local fellows--?
man-like, his interest wasquickened by the suspicion, and teresa gained in value at the thought ofanother man's admiration.
there was unmistakable inflection in the toneof his next words:"when _i_ am married, i shall hope to remain in love with my wife!"
teresa straightened herself, and forced a cough.
she was in terror lestthe shabby groom might overhear the words, and repeat them for thebenefit of the maids in the kitchen.
"oh, yes, of course!"
she said lightly.
"that is so nice...  then you_will_ come, and help with the decorations?
one needs a man to reachthe high places.
the vicar won't allow a single nail."
"yes, i'll come.
i'd like to!"
he smiled to himself inthe dusk at the thought of standing before the altar in the old church,side by side with teresa mallison, her hands heaped with white flowers.
he wondered if to her, as to him, would come the thought that theremight come another occasion when they would stand there for anotherpurpose.
as the horse trotted up to the door of major mallison's house,he was mentally seeing a picture of teresa in her wedding robes, a gauzyveil covering her head.
a moment later as they bade each other goodnight, the light through theopened door fell full upon the face of the real teresa in her burberryand knitted cap, and looking at her, peignton felt a sudden stab ofdisappointment.
the familiar features seemed in mysterious fashionother than those he had expected.
faults of which he had been happilyunconscious, obtruded themselves upon his notice.
it was almost as ifhe looked upon the face of a stranger.
he walked down the desertedstreet pondering the mystery, and like other unimaginative men, failedto find an explanation.
how could it have been possible that he had dreamed of another face?
marten beverley and his wife grizel confronted each other across thebreakfast table.
only the night before they had returned from aprotracted, wedding tour, to take possession of their new home.
eachwas superbly, gloriously happy, but there was a difference in theirhappiness.
martin was not tired of play, but the zest for work wasmaking itself felt, and he looked forward with joy to the hours at hisdesk which would give extra delight to the play to follow.
grizel facedwork also, but faced it with a grimace.
how in the world to settledown, and to be practical, and keep house?
"here beginneth the second volume!"
she chanted dolefully across thebreakfast table.
"the happy couple return from their honeymoon, andsettle down!
i don't _want_ to settle down.
it's out of date, anyhow, to have a second volume.
nowadayspeople live at full pressure, and get it over in one.
let's go on beingfoolish, and irresponsible, and taking no thought for our dinner.
it'sthe only sensible plan.
and it would prevent so much disappointment!
i'm a daisy as a honeymoon wife, but i'm _not_ a typical britishmatron."
"you don't look it!"
said martin, and thrusting his hands in hispockets, tilted back in his chair and sat staring across the table, hiseyes alight with admiration.
a fire blazed in the grate, but grizel'smorning robe suggested the height of summer.
it was composed of somesort of white woollen material, which showed glimpses of a delicate pinklining.
she wore a boudoir cap too, a concoction of lace and pinkribbon at once rakish and demure.
martin was certain that she looked aduck, what he was uncertain about was the suitability of such plumagefor the mistress of a small _menage_.
had he not kept house for eightyears with a sister who had visited the larder every morning, and kept astern eye on stock-pot and bread-pan, clad in the triggest of blouses,and the shortest of plain serge skirts!
his eyes twinkled withamusement.
"is it your intention to visit the scullery in those garments, may iask?"
grizel tilted in her turn, and returned his stare with an enchantingsmile.
she looked young and fresh, and adorably dainty; an ideal bride_deluxe_.
"in the first place," she said, dimpling, "what precisely is, and does--a scullery?"
"a scullery, my child, is an apartment approximate to, and an accessoryof, a kitchen.
it is equipped with a sink, and is designed for theaccommodation of pots and pans, brushes and brooms.
likewise boots, ander--uncooked vegetables.
every mistress of a small establishment visitsthe kitchen and scullery at least once in the twenty-four hours."
grizel considered the subject, thoughtfully rubbing her nose.
"_with_ brushes and boots?"
"it seems unsuitable, i grant.
but they do.
i've seen them when i'vebeen locking up.
on the floor.
in a wooden box.
carrots and turnips,and potatoes in their skins."
grizel straightened herself determinedly, and attacked her breakfast.
"i shall _never_ visit the scullery!"
she said firmly.
"it would spoilmy appetite.
thank you so much for warning me, ducky doo!"
"not at all.
it was an exhortation.
the cook will expect it of you.
so shall i.  you must kindly remember the sink."
"i take your word for it.
suppose there is?
what in the name offortune has it to do with me?"
"it's your sink, madam.
part of your new-found responsibilities.
idon't wish to harrow your susceptibilities, but it might not be keptclean.
it is for you to see that it is."
"you should have told me that afore, laddie!"
"nobody never warned me i should have to poke aboutsinks!
and i won't neither.
it's a waste of skilled labour.
aren'tthere lots of sanitary kind of people who make their living by that sortof work?
let's have one to look after ours!"
every evening too, if you like."
martin burst into a roar of laughter, and stretched a hand across thetable.
"you're a goose, grizel; an impracticable little goose.
i'm afraid weshall never make a martha of you."
then suddenly his face fell, and thecaressing touch strengthened into a grasp.
"you shouldn't have to doit," he cried sharply.
"it isn't fair.
you've been a miracle ofgenerosity to me, darling, but when it comes to facing the sternrealities of life, i wonder if i ought to have let you do it."
"you couldn't help yourself," grizel said calmly.
"i asked you, and youcouldn't for shame say no.
give me back my hand, dear.
i want it, togo on eating.
i do love having breakfast with you in our very ownhouse, and i must make it last as long as possible, as i shan't see youagain for four whole hours.
...  what shall we do after lunch?"
"er--generally--if i'm in the mood--i go on writing till five o'clock."
martin spoke with hesitation, as though fearing a reproach, and grizelnarrowed her eyes, and smiled; a slow, enigmatical smile, but spoke notone rude word.
she had quite decided that martin should not be in themood!
"on wednesday and thursday i'm to be at home!"
was her next irrelevantremark.
"we put fifteenth and sixteenth on our cards, and now thatwe've stayed away a week longer than we intended, the fell date is uponus before we can breathe.
do you suppose many people will come?"
martin's shrug was eloquent.
"every adult feminine creature who can crawl on two legs from a radiusof five miles around, will crawl to the door.
hundreds of 'em!
andwith luck three or four males."
"i could find it in my heart to wish it were t'other way round!
never say die...  there'll be no time to finish thedrawing-room!
i'll have to receive the surging mobs in the sitting-roomupstairs.
let's pray the chairs will go round!"
"couldn't the drawing-room be got ready with a rush?"
"why in the world should we bother to rush?"
"they'll be disappointed if you don't.
the drawing-room is part of theshow.
the whole neighbourhood is speculating about it now, andwondering if it's blue or pink.
a house with a closed drawing-room islike a play without the star.
do you realise, darling, that they'llexpect to be shown all over the house?"
"let them expect, if it pleases them to do it, but they _won't_!
let mecatch anyone trying it on!"
cried grizel sharply, and the gay eyes sentout a flash of fire.
"my own little home!--it shall _not_ be turnedinto a peep-show for a flock of curious women to criticise and quiz.
i'll give them tea, and i'll give them cake, i'll talk pretty, and puton a tea-gown which will scare 'em into fits, but show them over thehouse--_i will not_!
let's pretend the sitting-room _is_ thedrawing-room, and all will be peace and joy."
"it would leak out afterwards, and they'd feel defrauded.
half of themwill never enter the house again, darling; you won't care to pursue theacquaintance, and it will end with an exchange of calls; but you'rerather an exceptional kind of bride, remember, and these good ladiesdon't get too much amusement out of life.
it would be kind of you togive them an afternoon out!
not, of course, if it bothers _you_, butsurely the maids--"grizel crossed the room to the fire, and stretched a small pink,silk-quilted shoe towards the blaze.
"if you're going to be moral, and appeal to my better feelings, you'dbetter be off to your work!
i detest people who air their principles atbreakfast...  for two straws i'll stay in bed, and say i'm over-tiredwith my journey, and can't see anyone at all.
i will, too, if youhector me any more, or i'll show 'em into the dining-room, and have asit-down tea, round the big table, with shrimps, and cold ham, andpotted beef...""they'd put it down as the latest society craze, and adopt it when theywished to be smart...  you will be one of the fashion leaders of theneighbourhood, whether you like it or not, so you'd better take heed toyour ways.
you and lady cassandra."
grizel's eyes showed their most impish gleam.
i'mbuilding great hopes on cassandra.
it's dull keeping all the fun tooneself.
with her help, if she's the right sort, i'll make things hum!"
martin told himself that it was waste of time to say any more for themoment.
whatever he said, grizel would contradict; whatever heproposed, she would reject; and as what she said would have no bearingwhatever on her future conduct, the wisest plan seemed to be to kiss herseveral times over, talk delicious nonsense for a couple of minutes, andthen to retire precipitately to his study.
the which he proceeded todo.
left to herself, grizel strolled into the half-furnished drawing-roomand seated herself on a packing box to survey the scene.
two rooms hadbeen thrown into one, and the windows lowered, to allow a wide view ofthe garden, and so increase the feeling of space.
the furniture was aselection from the collection of antiques which she had inherited fromher aunt.
several old cabinets stood ranged along the wall ready to beput into position, and filled with treasures still unpacked.
in acorner were rolled the old persian rugs which would be spread over theparquet floor.
at the end of five minutes' scrutiny grizel's quickbrain had put every article into its place, and her quick eye had seenthe completed whole, and found it good.
she decided to get it finishedbefore lunch, and give martin a surprise, and rang the bell to summonthe staff to her aid.
the parlourmaid appeared with alacrity.
it was like living in anovelette, to attend a bride who wore pink and white fineries in themorning, and looked as if she had never done a hand's turn in her life.
she entered on the day's duties with a refreshing feeling of excitement.
"please 'um, the fish-man's called."
i can't attend to him now.
parsons!--your name isparsons, isn't it?--would you kindly remember that my name is not `'um.'
it is just as easy to say madam, and sounds far better.
i want you andmarie, and cook, to come here at once, and i'll tell you what i wantdone to this room."
"at--at once, madam?"
"certainly, at once."
"before i clear away?"
"what do you want to clear away?"
"the breakfast things, madam.
and,--and the fish-man can't wait."
"tell him to call again then, later on."
"he's on his rounds, madam.
he only calls the once."
"the fishmonger be--" grizel coughed audibly, remindful ofresponsibilities towards the young.
it was borne in upon her that themoment which she had dreaded was upon her, and could no longer beescaped.
the fish-man was waiting, could not wait, could not return; ittherefore behoved the mistress of the household to repair to the kitchenand interview the cook.
she rose from the packing case, gathered herskirts around her, and turned to the door.
"kindly go and tell mrs mason that i am coming!"
mrs mason was on duty beside the kitchen table.
having heard fromparsons' lips a bated account of her lady's splendour, she also wassetting forth on the day's duties with a flavour of excitement.
spreadout neatly in rows were the remains of last evening's repast.
coldfish, cold cutlets, dishevelled chicken, half-eaten sweets.
grizel, whohad never before been called upon to interview food in _deshabille_,turned from the sight with a shudder.
"you can use those up in the kitchen."
the cook acquiesced, andconcealed her complaisance.
"and what would you like for the room?"
"in future," said grizel firmly, "i should like the menu for the daydrawn out, ready to be submitted to me every morning."
"i have never been uzed--" began the cook, then her eyes met those ofher mistress, and to her own amazement she found herself concludinglamely, "of course if you wish it, 'um, i must try!
...  the fish-man iswaiting for horders."
"_au diable avec le poissonnier_!"
ejaculated grizel _sotto voce_.
sheleant back against the corner of the dresser, the tail of her white robefolded round in front, displaying the small pink shoes to cook'sappraising eyes.
her eyes roamed here and there over the kitchen, butstudiously avoided the provisions on the table.
from the region of theback door sounded a whistle, impatient and peremptory.
the cook glancedaround, glanced back at the pink and white figure standing with head onone side, leisurely regarding the arrangement of brass on themantelpiece, and was goaded into the extreme course of making asuggestion.
cried grizel swiftly.
the cook ambled slowly towards the back door.
returning a moment later,she folded her arms, and continued tentatively: "the grocer'll be next.
i ordered in the usuals yesterday--but there'll be a few extras.--iwanted to ask, 'um, if you allowed lard?"
"madam," corrected grizel sweetly, and pursed her lips, as though indeliberation.
to herself she was declaiming desperately: "now may thepowers preserve me, ... one slip, and i am undid!
what on earth doesshe mean by cornering me like this?
i must temporise, and lure her on."
...  she stroked her nose, and said judicially:"of course--it depends!"
"most ladies do," affirmed the cook.
"if they're particular.
it'sdifficult to get it the same with dripping."
grizel had a flash of inspiration.
lard was the superlative, drippingthe positive; naturally, then, all plain cooks angled for the former,and all british matrons insisted on the latter.
she put on a severe airand said firmly:"not if your pans are perfectly clean!"
and was so overjoyed at her ownaptness, that she was ready to allow anything under the sun.
nevertheless, the detective instinct having been born in her heart, shewas resolved, as she mentally phrased it, to track lard to the death.
cook was staring open-eyed, a faint misgiving mingled with the formercomplaisance.
when a mistress began talking of keeping pans clean, shewas not so green as had been expected!
her lips set in obstinatefashion.
"some ladies," she said, "are so fussy about the colour.
you can't helpgetting it darker with dripping."
grizel felt hopelessly that she had lost the scent.
it was a desperateposition, face to face with her enemy, defenceless, yet aware that aninstant's failure must lead to wholesale debacle.
"i can't tackle heralone," she told herself desperately.
"i must--i must have aconfederate!"
and throwing principle to the winds, in a flash of thoughtshe created a fictitious emily, and wove around her a suitable familyhistory.
faithful servant, perfect cook, expert dripping-er, rent bymarriage from a sorrowing mistress, now slumbering in a village grave!
with a voice imbued with the sacredness of the remembrance, shepronounced firmly: "emily did!
she _always_ got it white."
cried the cook.
the corners of her lips gave a slightexpressive twitch before she added in automatic fashion.
"yes, 'um--madam,--i quite understand."
she crossed the floor and took down aslate from its nail, while grizel made a mental note.
"lard.--its useand abuse.--differentiate from dripping.--why darker?
under whatcircumstances should it be forbidden or allowed?"
"soles," said the cook firmly.
mr beverley likes quite a simpledinner--soup, fish, an entree, one solid course, sweets--lots of cream,please!
see that there is always plenty of fruit.
and ofcourse, salad.
did i say savories?
of course you'll arrange all that.
that is all for to-day?
to-morrow you will have the menuready."
the cook, who was a superior plain cook, reflected that she wouldrequire a "rise," if they expected a party dinner every night.
ifgrizel had been attired in an ordinary coat and skirt she would haverebelled forthwith, but the sheer glamour of pink and white kept herdumb.
"soles," she repeated stolidly.
what kind of soup?"
said grizel, and felt a glow of triumph.
really and trulyshe had done better than she had expected.
so well that it seemeddiplomatic to beat a retreat before she fell from grace.
she hitchedher skirts still further, and stepped daintily towards the door, butcook cut short her retreat.
"entree, you said, ma'am.
what kind of entree?
and there's lunch.
would it be bacon?"
grizel waved an impatient hand.
the usualthings one _does_ have for breakfast.
and lunch at one.
a hot dish,please, and several cold, and some sweets.
and always fruit.
that will do nicely for to-day, mrs mason.
we've discussedeverything, i think."
she turned a beneficent smile upon the bewilderedface.
"and i'm sure," she added daringly, "you'll manage splendidlywith dripping!"
in the dining-room parsons was still busy clearing away.
upstairs mariethe maid was unpacking endless boxes of clothes, and hanging them up ina spare room fitted to do duty as an immense wardrobe.
at the end of apassage stood the baize door which gave entrance to martin's sanctum.
grizel approached it stealthily, and pressed her lips to the keyhole.
a voice from within answered with would-be sternness:"go away!"
"martin...  i'm sorry!
just _one_ moment...  something i _must_ askyou.--most important...""go on, then...  what is it?"
the door flew open, and martin stood laughing on the threshold.
what on earth are you talking about?"
"that's just it.
i don't know.
and how on earth am i to find out!
i've been interviewing cook, and she asked if i allowed it.
do i, ordon't i, and why should i not, and for goodness' sake _how_ does itdiffer from dripping?
i prevaricated, and looked economical, andmiddle-aged.
i saw my face in the dish covers, and it aged me horribly.
i thought i'd better find out at once."
"yes, but you mustn't come running to me for such information.
i've gotto buy the lard, remember, and i shan't be able to afford it, if i'minterrupted.
for all you know i might have been killing my heroine...""then she'd have a reprieve, and i'd have done a good deed.
you can'tseriously have begun yet, and this is so deadly important.
you mightspare five minutes to instruct your poor wife."
grizel perched herself on the corner of the table, and tilted theboudoir cap at a beguiling angle.
martin stood with his back to thefire and adopted a professorial air.
"lard," he said sententiously, "is a substance compounded of a whiteygrease, contained for the purposes of trade in balloons or bladders ofskins--"grizel's face showed a network of horrified lines.
"how exceedingly disagreeable!
i shall certainly _not_ allow it...  andwhat is dripping?"
"dripping is, er--brown!
so called because it drips from the meat inthe process of cooking.
it is inferior to lard, and aspires to nobladder, but lives in odd receptacles, such as jam jars.
it is supposedto supply an unconquerable temptation to a plain cook, and there arefiends in the shape of men, who are said to spend their life temptingcooks to sell the dripping.
katrine used to see dripping in the eye ofevery unknown man who opened the gate.
i never heard her make anyallegations about lard.
does that distinction afford you anyillumination?"
grizel sighed, and turned to the door with an air of resignation.
"well, good-bye, my loved one!
be very good to me, for you won't haveme long.
if i've got to order meals, i shall never be able to eat them.
i foresee that.
i never heard so much about grease in my life.
isthere nothing decent one could use instead?"
grizel waved a triumphant hand.
why couldn't you have said that before?
nice,clean, fresh butter.
i'll tell her i allow _nothing_ else.
what a fussover nothing!
...  martin, you're wearing a green tie.
i've never seenyou in green before...  darling!
you're adorable in green..."it was the afternoon of grizel beverley's first "at home" celebration.
the drawing-room had been made ready for the occasion with the aid ofwhat seemed to martin a very army of workmen, and, as grizel pointed outtriumphantly, it looked as if it had been lived in for generations.
nota single new object marred the mellowed perfection of the whole.
oldcabinets stood outlined against white walls, the floor was bare of thesuperfluity of little tables and flower-stands which characterise somany bride's apartments; with one striking exception the general effectwas austere in tone.
the exception was found in a deep recess, on oneside of the fire-place, the walls of which were hung with a gorgeouschinese embroidery which made a feast of colour against the surroundingwhite and brown, and proclaimed to an understanding eye that themistress of the house had appropriated the favoured niche for her ownuse.
against the wall stood a huge old sofa, showing delicate touches ofbrass on the carved woodwork, and piled with a profusion of cushions tomatch the tapestries in tone.
there was a table also of carved chinesewood, littered with books, and a surprising number of odds and endsconsidering the very short period in which it had been in use; a bureauof dull red lacquer, littered to match, and a great blue enamel bowlcontaining a few, but only a few, spring flowers.
when grizel did a thing at all she did it thoroughly, and when thedrawing-room was finished to a thread, she herself dressed to match itin a cream lace robe of fallacious simplicity, caught together with aclasp of turquoise and diamonds, and a blue snood tied about her head.
when the crucial moment arrived, she intended to seat herselfsultana-like on her couch and burst in full splendour upon the admiringthrongs.
martin was convinced that no living thing could fail to besubjugated by that gown, but he was equally convinced that chumley woulddisapprove of the snood, which it would call a bandage, and considertheatrical and out of place.
he knew his business better than to sayso, however, and was at the moment abundantly occupied in trying to lurehis wife from the window, where she had taken up her position,field-glasses in hand, to watch the approach of the first group ofvisitors up the lane leading to the gate.
"the campbells are coming.
three of 'em.
one stoutperson in green, one thin person in black, one girl with large feet.
girl with feet has fair hair.
who do you know, martin, with fair hairand large feet?"
"dozens of 'em."
martin threw a quick look over his wife's shoulder andrecognised the group at a glance.
"mrs mallison, wife of majormallison, retired army man--the seaforths.
eldest daughter mary, dulland domestic.
second daughter teresa, sporting.
they are quite nearthe gate now, dearest.
don't, please, let them see..."grizel put down the field-glasses, crossed to the couch, and seatedherself thereon in an attitude of prunes and prisms propriety.
the bellrang, and the three ladies were shown into the room.
there was an airof diffidence, almost of shyness in their demeanour, for this was not anordinary afternoon call, upon an ordinary bride.
this bride had been awell-known personage in society, her marriage had been a subject ofalmost international interest, and the fleeting glimpses which chumleyhad had of her, on previous visits to martin's sister katrine, hadconfirmed all that rumour had to say touching the puzzling variabilityof her nature.
it was impossible for these first callers to restrain athrill of nervousness as to the nature of the reception before them.
when the door opened to give a momentary glimpse of a white figuresitting outlined against a background of oriental splendour, thenervousness deepened still more.
they advanced tentatively, cautious ofthe polished floor, so tentatively that grizel met them more thanhalf-way, sailing gracefully forward with an infinity of assurance whichhad the unexpected result of daunting them still further.
they wererequested to sit down; they sat down, and stared..."so good of you to come to see me!
you are my very first callers."
"i trust--not _too_ early."
mrs mallison felt a pang of disquietude.
"we were so anxious to meet you.
you are feeling quite settled down, ihope.
how do you like chumley?"
"oh, thank you, _so_ much!
i adore everything.
you do, don't you, whenyou are newly married?"
mrs mallison and her eldest daughter looked indulgent, but shocked.
itwas quite natural, quite desirable indeed that a bride should entertainsuch sentiments, but to express them so openly and to absolutestrangers, savoured almost of indelicacy.
teresa was occupied in takingin the details of grizel's costume, in condemning the blue snood, anddetermining to try the effect on her own hair immediately on her returnhome.
she found time, however, to give a quick glance at martin asgrizel made her pronouncement, and noted the quiver of feeling whichpassed over his face.
the understanding which comes of fellow-feelingrevealed the meaning of that quiver.
she understood why the man loweredhis eyes and gave no glance of response.
he was afraid that he mightreveal too much!
after that, other visitors arrived quick and fast.
bells rang, doorswere opened, and in twos and threes the representatives of chumleysociety were announced, and made their bow.
they had come together forthe sake of companionships or the sake also of being able to comparenotes on the way home.
they all wore their new spring costumes, andlooked--the majority at least--personable enough, yet martin realisedwith mingled pain and pride the gulf of difference which yawned betweenthem and his wife.
they were practical, commonplace women, leadingpractical, commonplace lives; to call them ill-bred or uncultivatedwould have been untrue.
they came of good stock, had cultivated theirbrains and turned them to account, but there was one side of theirnature which had not been developed, and that was the side which, ingrizel's set, had been considered all-important.
they had been broughtup to discount appearances, and to view with suspicion any person ofmarked personal charm.
they worshipped the god of convention, and itspriestess mrs grundy.
grizel considered that a woman's first duty wasto charm, and her second,--if a second remained, worth speaking about,--to defy convention, and be a law unto oneself.
seated in her niche of glowing colour, she looked as much out of placeas an orchid in a field of wild flowers, and martin watching the face ofeach new-comer, saw reflected upon it the same surprise, the samedisapproval, the same unease.
he realised that chumley was a littleshocked by the unconventionality of the drawing-room, and still more bythe unconventionality of the bride herself.
in the last ten years ofhis life he had remained supremely indifferent of what his neighboursmight say or think, but--these good women would be grizel's neighbours,out of love for himself she had cast her lot among them; he was almostpainfully anxious that she should have such small compensations as wouldresult from liking, and being liked in return.
surely among them allmust be found some congenial spirit!
"and are you happily settled with your maids, mrs beverley?"
enquiredmrs ritchards, wife of a city lawyer, who might almost be calledretired, since he went up to town only two or three times a week.
mrsritchards had two subjects of conversation--her garden, and herservants, and had already unsuccessfully tackled the bride on the formertopic.
to her relief the second venture proved a decided draw, forgrizel leant her elbows on the table, cupped her chin in her hands, andpuckered her face into a network of lines.
"oh, yes, do let's talk about servants!
i'm so interested.
i'm makingall sorts of horrible discoveries.
my cook wants to go out!
a nightout every week.
she told me so to-day.
she said she'd always been usedto it.
i said if it came to that, i'd always been used to having mydinner.
i never knew that cooks _expected_ to go out!
who is to cookone's dinner if the cook goes out?
she said she was accustomed toprepare a stew, and cold shapes.
grizel's voicedropped to a thrilling note, she lifted her chin, her outstretchedfingers curved and wriggled in expressive distaste.
it makes one think of the morgue!"
a shudder passed through the room, followed by a diffident laugh.
teresa mallison and a few of the younger women giggled, the eldersforbore on principle to smile at such an allusion, and the vicar's wifeentered on a forbearing explanation.
"they are human creatures like ourselves, mrs beverley, and the fire isso trying!
i encourage my cook to go out, as a matter of health.
youare not limited to shapes, of course.
there are so many nice coldsweets."
grizel shook her head.
"grace has not been given to me to eat coldsweets.
not on _those_ nights!
i should have a carnal craving foromelettes.
we must keep two cooks!"
her little nod waved aside thesubject as settled and done with, and the matrons of chumley exchangedstealthy glances of condemnation.
mrs ritchards, however, warmed tothe attack.
"why not a kitchen-maid, who could make herself useful upstairs in themorning?
there is a young girl in my daughter's sunday school class whomight suit you.
very respectable, but short.
of course, if she wereexpected to wait when the housemaid is out, that might be an objection."
she paused enquiringly, and grizel's face fell.
"the parlourmaid too!
do they _all_ go out?
then how can one possiblybe fed?
there will be nothing for it, martin, but to go up to town twonights a week."
the suggestion would appear to have had a cheeringeffect, for she flashed once more into smiles, looking round the circleof watching faces with eyes a-sparkle with mischief.
"it's such funtrying to keep house when one knows nothing whatever about it!
likestarting out on a voyage of adventure!
i have the most thrillingexperiences..."mrs ritchards smiled with friendly encouragement.
"you will find it much more interesting when you _do_ understand!
ialways say that to run a household, economically and well, is assatisfactory work as a woman need ask.
it's like everything else, mrsbeverley, the more you study it, the more interesting it becomes.
ihave been at it for years, and i pride myself that there is very littlethat i do not know."
cried grizel deeply.
she leant her elbow on her knee and bentforward, her expression one of breathless eagerness.
"then you are thevery person i've been looking for!
you can tell me something i've beendying to know...  what is your opinion about lard?"
mrs ritchards gasped, the other listeners gasped also.
martin choked,turned the choke into a cough, and became suddenly engrossed in thechina on the mantelpiece.
mrs ritchards struggled with the inevitable disabilityto define a well-known article.
"but surely... surely...  in whatrespect did you want my opinion?"
"about allowing it, of course, and if one should.
cook asked if i did,and it seemed such a complex question, and there was an implicationabout dripping--and the colour of something,--dark versus light.
i gothopelessly confused!"
mrs ritchards did not allow lard.
"it's a question of sufficientheat," she maintained.
"if they get the dripping hot enough, it doesperfectly well.
it must boil till you see a blue smoke..."grizel seized an ivory tablet, and made a hurried note.
"till you see ablue smoke...!
i'll bring that in to-morrow, and confound her with myknowledge.
thank you so much.
that's quite a relief."
she pushedaside the tablet, straightened her back and looked around with a bright,challenging glance.
the subject of lard was exhausted, and she wasready to pass on to pastures new.
"are you fond of games, mrs beverley?"
teresa asked, eager to secureanother member for her various clubs, and feeling that the moment was aconvenient one for introducing the subject.
"we have a good tennisclub, and ladies can play golf every day but saturday, on the links.
itwould be so nice if you would join.
we have tea every afternoon.
themembers take it in turns to provide the cakes."
cried grizel with a gush.
"i adore cakes.
i'll joincertainly, if you'll promise i need never play.
it bores me so to runabout after balls.
i never can catch them, and i don't want to, so whyshould i try?
really"--she dropped her chin sententiously--"it's awaste of time!"
the vicar's wife saw _her_ opportunity, and grasped it.
"i agree with you, mrs beverley.
the tendency of the age is to spendfar too much time over games.
my husband considers that it is anational danger.
there are so many other things better worth doing!"
"oh, yes," cried grizel promptly.
the strain of theconversation was beginning to tell, and she told herself impatientlythat she would _not_ be "preached."
"bridge is so comfy; you can sit still, and have a cushion to your back,and smoke, and talk between the deals.
it's quite a good way of gettingthrough the afternoon.
what stakes do you play for here?"
the women in the company who played for money looked at the vicar's wifeand were silent.
those who did not, felt virtuous, and looked it.
"at our house we make a point of playing for love," mrs ritchardsannounced.
"my husband disapproves of anything in the nature ofgambling.
of course, when one has young people coming in and out, there_is_ a responsibility.
personally i should object very strongly totaking another person's money.
don't you feel an awkwardness, mrsbeverley--from your own guests?"
"not a bit.
i love it!"
declared grizel naughtily.
"but i hate tolose.
i hope someone will be wicked enough to play for money with me.
i suppose there _are_ some wicked people in the neighbourhood?"
"they do at the court.
i go up there sometimes.
lady cassandra lovesbridge," teresa said with a pride which overcame shyness.
was she notthe only girl in chumley who could boast of anything like intimacy withthe big house?
she watched her hostess' face for a brightening ofinterest, and felt aggrieved when it failed to appear.
i'm glad there's someone.
i must ask her about it," saidgrizel nonchalantly, taking a future acquaintance for granted with acalmness which at once irritated and impressed her hearer.
at thebottom of her heart teresa felt the birth of a jealous dread; and foundherself hoping that cassandra would not call, would at any rate delaydoing so for months to come, as was her custom with chumleyacquaintances.
and then once again the door was thrown open, and withan accent of satisfaction the parlourmaid announced--lady cassandraraynor.
she had come already!
on the very first day on which mrs beverley wasat home,--as quickly, as eagerly, as the humblest among them!
everywoman in the room felt the same sense of amaze, the same ranklingremembrance of the different manner in which she herself had beentreated.
their eyes turned as on one pivot towards the door.
cassandra entered, a vision of delight in grey velvet and chinchillafurs, her face with its delicately vivid bloom half hidden by the latesteccentricity in hats.
her dress was very tight, her hat was very large;from an artistic point of view the lines of both were abominable, butcassandra considered them ravishing, and, being one of the happy peoplewho look well despite their clothes, succeeded in mesmerising heraudience into a like belief.
she advanced, walking with short, mincingfootsteps, while her eyes swept the room.
grizel rose from the sofa togreet her, and a glance was exchanged between them, a swift, appraisingglance.
the lookers-on heard the exchange of a few society phrases,pronounced, it appeared to them, with an unnecessary amount of "gush,"but in the moment in which the two hands clasped, and the hazel eyeslooked into the blue, the two women realised that for them there need beno intermediate stage; they were not strangers, they were alreadyfriends.
martin came forward and shook hands in his turn, and cassandra seatedherself, bending her head in a smiling greeting, intended to embrace thewhole room.
she had timed her visit in the hope that most of the guestswould be ready to depart, and noticed with satisfaction the emptyteacups, but every woman in the room with one exception, was at thatmoment forming a mental resolution to stay and listen to what passedbetween this interesting pair.
"your house looks so beautifully settled, mrs beverley.
i hope youhaven't been bored over the upset.
it's so impossible to get thingsdone in the country!"
i'm not on speaking terms with a workman in theneighbourhood, but i _did_ get things done as i wished!
i always do.
we parted on the worst of terms, and i gave them a heart-to-heart talk,and told them i hoped the germans would come soon, and drill them intosomething like intelligence.
it would really be an admirable thing forthe country!"
the vicar's wife arose with heavy dignity.
with a whole parish waitingon her ministrations she had no time to waste listening to suchnonsense.
unpatriotic into the bargain.
yet despite her disapproval,there was an indefinable something in the bride's personality whichtouched her heart.
perhaps it was the radiant happiness of her mien,perhaps it was that deep musical note which at times softened her voice,suggesting depths below the surface; perhaps it was simply her fragilityand charm.
hannah evans did not trouble to analyse her feelings, shemerely held out a plump gloved hand, and smiled kindly into grizel'sface.
"i must be running away, mrs beverley.
my husband is hoping to callupon you very soon.
this afternoon he has a class for confirmation.
imust hurry home to give him tea.
he comes in so tired.
so pleased to welcome you among us!
i hope we may often meet."
her voice rang true, there was a kindliness written on the large, plainface to which grizel's heart made instant response.
she brought her ownleft hand to join the right, clasping the grey glove with anaffectionate pressure, and smiled back the while with a winsomefriendliness.
there was silence in the room while the onlookers lookedwith critical eyes at the two figures, so typical of youth and age.
thebulky woman, with her jet bonnet and capacious black silk coat, thenymph-like form of the bride.
every ear listened for the response.
"oh, you will; indeed you will!
i shall often be running over to thevicarage to see you."
"that will be very nice."
mrs evans smiled complacently.
"i hope youwill.
and i must not forget--i made a note to ask you before i left.--it would give us great pleasure if you could see your way to take up alittle work.
we are sadly in need of helpers.
i was going to ask ifyou would join our mothers' meeting?"
"oh, give me time!"
cried grizel reproachfully.
"give me time!"
in answer to after reprisals she justified herself by the assertion thatshe had spoken on the impulse of the moment, and in absolute good faith.
besides, what else could the old thing have meant?
and even if shedidn't, why need the silly creatures be shocked?
she did not attempt todeny that they were shocked, the flutter of dismay had indeed been soreal a thing as to obtrude itself on ears, as well as eyes.
gasps ofastonishment, of horror, of dismay, sounded to right and left; rustlingof silk; hasty, inoperative coughs.
grizel still saw in remembrance thepetrifaction on the large kind face looking down into her own, thescarlet mounting swiftly into teresa's cheeks.
only one person laughed,and that laugh had had the effect of heightening the generalcondemnation.
it was cassandra raynor who laughed.
mrs evans's departure gave the start to what was virtually a generalstampede.
as one woman rose to make her adieux, another hastily joinedher, offering a seat in a carriage, or companionship on the walk home.
mrs mallison collected her daughters with the flutter of an agitatedhen.
mrs ritchards forgot even to refer to the kitchen-maid.
grizelbeamed upon them with her most childlike smiles, but there was nostaying the flight: feebly, obstinately, as a flock of sheep each onefollowed her leader.
in three minutes cassandra alone was left, andmartin having escorted the last sheep to the door, took the opportunityto escape to his study, and shut himself in with a sigh of relief.
alone in the drawing-room the two women confronted each other ineloquent silence.
cassandra's eyes were dancing, her cheeks wereflushed to their brightest carmine; grizel was pale, and a trifleperturbed.
"now i've been and gone and done it!"
"you have indeed!"
it was delightful to be able tolaugh, to feel absolutely at home, and in sympathy with another woman.
there was reproach in her words, but none in her tone.
"how _could you_say it?"
"because i thought she meant it,--honestly i did, for the first second,and i always act on the first second.
and why need the silly things beshocked?
they've all got dozens.
what _is_ the old meeting, anyway?"
"i think it's...
volunteered cassandra illuminatingly.
they have plain sewing and coal clubs.
you wereinvited to join the committee.
in the parish room.
they--i believethey cut out the plain clothes."
"fancy me cutting out plain clothes!"
cried grizel, and gave acomplacent pat to her lace gown.
"i'll subscribe too, and stay at home,but i'll apologise to the dear old thing.
she meant to be kind, and i'msorry i shocked her.
i'm going to ring for fresh tea, and we can have anice talk, and shock each other comfortably.
have _you_ any children?"
"i have a son," said cassandra.
the brilliance of her smile faded asshe spoke.
she was conscious of it herself and laboriously endeavouredto keep her voice unchanged.
"he is nine years old.
at a preparatoryschool.
quite a big person."
grizel also ceased to smile.
there was an expression akin to reverencein the hazel eyes as they dwelt on the other's face.
the deep note wasin her voice.
"you look so young, just a girl, and you have a son nearly ten!
oldenough to be a companion,--to talk with you, and to understand.
howwonderful it must be!"
there was a moment of silence during which cassandra's thoughts flewback to those never-to-be-forgotten days when a tiny form lay elapsed toa heart overflowing with the glory of motherhood, and then reproducedbefore her a stocky figure in an eton suit, with a stolid, freckledface.
she smiled with stiff lips.
"he is a dear thing, quite clever too, which is satisfactory.
you mustsee him in the holidays, but unless you can talk cricket i'm afraid hemay bore you.
it is not, of course, a responsive age."
"it will come!
it will come!
it's storing up.
these undemonstrativenatures are the richest deep down," grizel said softly.
the maid came in with the tea at that moment, and she said no more, butit was enough.
cassandra felt an amazed conviction that if she hadspoken for hours, the situation could not have been more accuratelyunderstood.
grizel poured out tea, talking easily the while.
"having a son must mean educating oneself all over again.
it's the deadliest game.
one goes to lord's for the frocks, and to meetfriends and have tea, and see all the dear little top hats waved in theair at the end.
i dote on enthusiasm; it goes to my head like wine.
every eton and harrow i wave and enthuse as wildly as if i'd ten sons onthe winning side.
but how on earth they _can_ enjoy that everlastingrunning about over the same few yards, between the same old posts, hourafter hour, day after day!"
she shrugged expressively.
"it's worse when they talk about it!"
"when my boy isat home, he and his father talk cricket steadily through every meal.
iam hopelessly out in the cold.
i suppose it will grow worse as timegoes on, and more masculine tastes develop."
grizel paused, cup in hand, to stare reflectively at the fire.
"do you know that's a subject which is exercising me very much!
all mylife until now i've lived with women, and been conversationally on myown ground, and now there's martin!
we've got to have meals together,and depend on each other for conversation until death doth us part, andit's a big proposition.
suppose he gets bored?
suppose _i_ get bored?
at present it's such delight just to be together, that it doesn't matterwhat we say.
i could talk hats by the hour, and he would be patient,and he could prose about golf, and i'd murmur sympathetically in thepauses, and be quite happy just watching him, and thinking what a dearhe was, but"--she put down her cup--"i'm not a child; i _know_ that thatstage must pass!
it may be just as sweet to be together--it may besweeter, but the novelty will pass...  tell me!"
she bent forward,gazing in cassandra's face.
"how soon does it pass?"
again cassandra was conscious of stiffened lips, of making a pretence atthe answering smile.
"the time varies, but even in exceptional cases it is horribly soon.
iwas very young when i married.
we were a big family at home, and veryhard up.
it was a revolutionary change to come almost straight from theschoolroom, and an allowance of a few shillings a week, to be mistressof the court.
i was wild with excitement, it seemed impossible that icould ever get _blase_."
"but you did?"
"very soon, i'm afraid.
grizel tossed her head.
"i am never _blase_.
it's impossible that i ever could be.
lifeinterests me too much.
the more difficult it is, the more absorbing itbecomes.
but i'm sorry for the poor little ignorant brides who believeso implicitly in the `happy-ever-after' theory, that they take notrouble to make it come true.
i'm twenty-eight, nearly twenty-nine, andi've no illusions on the point.
my husband and i are gloriously happy,but i know we shan't go on at the same level, unless i work hard to keepit up."
why not _we_?
surely it's a mutual affair?"
"yes, but bless 'em!
men are _not_ adaptive, and most of them are sobusy making the bread and butter, and too tired when that's over, tobother about anything more!
it's the women who have to do the fittingin.
that brings us back to where we started.
i'm trying to thinkahead, and prepare myself for the horrible moment when martin wants totalk sense!"
they both laughed, but cassandra was conscious of a pricking ofconscience.
it had never occurred to her to "work hard" to preserve herhusband's love.
like many another woman she had taken for granted thatonce secured, it would automatically remain her own; she had grievedover a divergence of interest, as a calamity beyond her control.
howcould one "prepare" against such a contingency?
"i'm not at all sure that i agree with you," she said restlessly.
"the`happy-ever-after' theory has its drawbacks, but it's very sweet whileit lasts, and your other seems prosaic from the start.
to have to workhard, to `struggle' for one's husband's love!"
"well, why not?
is there _any_ big thing in life which one gains, orkeeps without a fight?
and this is the biggest of all, and the mostfragile and easily lost.
among all your friends how many couldcome to stay in your house for one month, that you wouldn't be thankfulto part from at the end?
i don't say you stop caring for them, butyou've had enough!
you say to yourself: `emmeline is an angel, but thatgiggle of hers drives me daft.
thank the gods she's leaving to-day!'
or`emmeline's a perfect dear, i'm devoted to her, but _have_ you noticedthe way she wriggles her nose?
it's got on my nerves to such an extentthat i can't bear it an hour longer.'
and you stand on the platform andwave your hand, and draw a great big sigh of relief as the train puffsaway, and within the railway carriage emmeline is sighing too, andfeeling unutterably relieved to be rid of you!
...  you know it's true!"
laughed cassandra, "don't talk of a month.
a week is enough forme.
less than a week!"
"then why wonder at the difficulties of marriage?
there's no magic in afew words spoken at the altar, to make two people impervious to eachother's faults.
it's the most wonderful and beautiful of miracles whenthey manage to live tied together for twenty, thirty, even fifty years,and to be decently civil until the end.
it's worth any amount of effortto accomplish.
i adore my husband, i adore myself, but we are mortal...we have failings; and as we grow older they'll grow worse.
at presentwe are both blind, but there will come a time when our eyes are opened.
i've taken warning.
i'm going toprepare myself in advance."
"what, _par exemple_, are you going to do?"
"study the brute!
study his _fads_.
join the golf club, for one thing,and learn to listen intelligently, at the cost of a few miserableafternoons.
i detest sports, and sporting clothes, and strong boots,and a red face, and tramping about mile after mile over rough ground.
if we'd been intended to walk we should have had four legs; but i shallvery soon pick up all that is necessary!"
"why not go a little further, while you are about it, and play with yourhusband?
you might take lessons from the pro.
to get up your game, andthen you could go to the links together in the afternoons.
if you aredetermined to sacrifice yourself, you may as well do it thoroughly.
he'd be so pleased!"
"i'm not so sure," grizel said shrewdly.
"i'm his wife and he adoresme, but he'd rather play golf with a boring man with a good handicap,and come home to find me sitting on a sofa looking pretty and fluffy,ready to acclaim his exploits, and listen to volumes about every hole,and the marvellous way in which he cleeked his tee off the bogie.
what is it?
don't you call it a bogie?"
she laughed herself, insympathy with the other's merriment, and ended with an involuntary:"lady cassandra!
i'm so _glad_ you came.
do let us often laughtogether!
i have such a comfortable feeling that you won't be shockedat anything i say."
"no one ever shocks me, except myself.
you don't know how glad i shallbe.
i'm really rather a lonely person, though i've lived here so long.
it seems extraordinary to have had this intimate conversation with youon our very first meeting.
i wouldn't dream of discussing such matterswith any other woman in the neighbourhood."
"of course not.
you don't know anyone else so well.
we _are_intimates, so what's the use of hedging?"
"i don't want to hedge.
i'm only too thankful to know it.
it's nothealthy to live so much alone.
one grows introspective.
these lastyears i've been growing more and more absorbed in cassandra raynor."
she _is_ attractive, isn't she?
i'm going to do exactly thesame.
i felt it in my bones the moment you entered the room.
you feltit too!
i saw the little spark leap to your eyes."
it's quite true, but i ought to warn you that being associatedwith me, won't make you any more popular in chumley.
chumley doesn't--approve of me!
i expect you are sensitive enough to atmospheres to havegrasped that fact for yourself?"
"oh, many reasons.
i dress fashionably.
i hate parish work.
i don'tgo to `teas,' or give them in return.
i'm lazy about calls.
i'm notinterested in the people, and i can't pretend."
"oh, but i shall be interested.
i always am.
i love all those dear oldthings in their dolmans and black silks.
they are types of theold-fashioned women, whom i've read about, but never known.
i shalllove studying them, and hearing their views, and shocking them bytelling them mine in return.
they'll love being shocked--all prim oldladies love it.
they're all walking home now, buzzing over my _fauxpas_, and feeling as perked up as if they'd been to the theatre.
theythink they are grieved, but they have really enjoyed themselvesimmensely.
i lived with a very old great-aunt before my marriage, soi'm an expert in old ladies."
cassandra assented absently.
she was not interested in old ladies, butshe was interested in watching grizel as she talked.
her practised eyetook in every detail of her appearance, and every detail was right.
shestudied her features, her expression, the waves of her soft fair hair,the swiftly moving hands, and sat smiling, appearing to listen, whileher thoughts raced ahead, planning future meetings, seeing herselfblessed with a friend who would fill the empty gap.
"i shall be jealous of the old ladies if you give them too much of yourcompany!"
she said, with a charming smile which accentuated the flatteryof the remark.
grizel smiled back with a little nod of acknowledgment,and cassandra lifted her muff as if preparing to depart, asking casuallythe while:"have you good news of your sister-in-law, miss beverley?
i knew herslightly, and admired her a great deal.
she went to india, i think?"
grizel's eyes danced with animation.
to visit a friend.
we saw her off at marseilles, myhusband and i, and a fortnight later we were sitting in a cafe, drinkingcoffee, and flirting outrageously, when we suddenly saw the name of theship on a poster!
it had been in a collision in the indian ocean; andthe passengers had to take to the boats.
if another ship had not cometo the rescue, they might all have been drowned."
"what a terrible experience!
how sad for the poor girl, just when shewas starting for such a delightful visit!"
"not at all sad.
not at all.
a very good thing," said grizelunexpectedly.
"katrine had been wading through trivialities all herlife; a big experience was just what she needed.
besides--as a matterof fact... there was a _man_!"
cried cassandra, immediately fired with feminine interest.
fastening her into life-belts, bidding her a tragic adieu,waving a gallant hand from the sinking prow."
and when is the wedding to be?"
grizel's face lengthened in dismay.
"goodness me--i haven't _told_ you, have i?
no one is to know for acouple of months.
how on earth did you guess?
_please_ don't speak ofit to a soul.
you see, it's a trifle awkward, because as a matter offact the real man,--it wasn't the real man,--i mean it _was_ the realman really, only he pretended--"cassandra held up a protesting hand.
"i think you'd better leave it alone!
you didn't tell me anything; iguessed, but i'll promise to forget forthwith, and be agreeablysurprised when i hear the news a few months hence.
_don't_ tell me anynames!"
before grizel could reply the whizz of an electric bell sounded throughthe house, and both women involuntarily groaned, foreseeing an end totheir _tete-a-tete_, but the next moment grizel's eyes brightened.
"it's a _man_!"
she whispered ecstatically.
"it's a man.
i can hearhis dear boots!
my first man caller!
dane entered, his eyes narrowed in his usual, short-sighted fashion.
cassandra noticed that he threw a quick glance round the room andguessed, what was indeed the truth, that he had hoped to meet teresamallison, and have an opportunity of escorting her home.
when he caughtsight of herself, his face showed a ripple of feeling that came and wentbefore she could decipher its meaning.
then he sat down, and madeconversation to grizel, and was smiled at in return with a display ofdimples which seemed to have sprung into existence for his benefit.
certainly the old ladies had not been treated to them; even cassandraherself had come off second best, for grizel was essentially a man'swoman, who awoke to her highest self in the presence of the oppositesex.
it was easy to see that the present visitor was making afavourable impression, and that grizel was alive to the charm whichcassandra had found it so difficult to define.
looking on in silence during the first moments of conversation,cassandra was not so sure that peignton reciprocated his hostess'sapproval.
her light flow of conversation seemed to disconcert ratherthan put him at his ease, his answers came with difficulty, his eyes hadnone of their usual brightness.
the man who could fall in lovewith teresa mallison would hardly be likely to appreciate grizelbeverley.
cassandra made up her mind to take her departure, but someminutes elapsed before she really rose, and then to her surprisepeignton also made his farewells, and accompanied her to the door.
outside, the car stood waiting, and as he helped her into it and heldout his hand in farewell, his face in the fading light looked pale andtired, and cassandra spoke on a quick impulse:"can i give you a lift?
it will be just as quick to go round by thecross roads.
unless you prefer to walk...""thank you, i'd be grateful.
i've had a heavy day!"
he seated himself beside her, and the car sped smoothly down the narrowroad.
for some moments neither spoke, but cassandra was conscious of apleasurable tingling of excitement.
she had had so many lonely drivesseated in solitary state among the luxurious fitments of her rollsroyce, that the presence of a companion was in itself an agreeablenovelty.
besides, as she reminded herself, she had a double reason inbeing interested in dane peignton, since both for bernard's sake andteresa's it was her duty to cultivate the friendship.
she turnedtowards him, met the brown eyes, and smiled involuntarily.
they were_nice_ eyes!
what do you think of the bride?"
"just what i was going to ask you!"
"i agree with teresa.
she is adorable!"
the mention of teresa aroused no flicker in his face.
his browscontracted in consideration.
i'm not so sure.
she does not strike me as a woman of verydeep feeling."
"you would not say that, if you had heard her talking before you camein!"
what was she talking about?"
the blood mounted into cassandra's cheeks, she felt a suddenunaccountable shyness.
the relationship of husband andwives--that sort of thing."
peignton laughed: a breezy laugh without a touch of self-consciousness.
i might have known it.
what else could you expect?
she isa bride, and head over heels in love,--must have been, to give up allshe did--naturally she'd want to prattle to another woman.
boring foryou, though, as you know so much more of the game."
cassandra looked at him thoughtfully.
the electric light overheadshowed the small oval face, with the rose flush on the cheek, the softgreys of the furs round her throat.
the words came slowly.
"do you know--it's a strange thing to confess,--but i _don't_!
she is abride of two months, and i've been married ten years--but she realisesthings now, that i've passed by.
she sees deeper into the difficulties.
she feels _more_, not less."
"you are too modest," dane said quickly, his brown eyes softening ininvoluntary admiration of the beautiful sad face.
"nothing is easierthan to talk big, before the event.
we can all theorise, and lay downthe law; the tug comes when we begin to act.
mrs beverley is living inutopia at present, and talks the language thereof.
very exalted andcharming, no doubt, but--it isn't real!
you should not take her tooseriously."
cassandra did not reply.
it was not for her to betray another woman'sconfidence, and for the moment she was occupied with the side-lightwhich peignton's words had given her concerning his own sentiments.--grizel beverley believed in the reality of her utopia, and intended topreserve it at the point of the sword; peignton proclaimed it a delusionbefore he had even come into possession.
such an attitude was notnatural, was not right.
he was not temperamentally a cold-blooded man,the latent strength of his nature made itself felt, despite theindifference of his pose, and teresa was young and pretty and fresh.
once more the older woman felt a stirring of pity for the younger.
itwas as the champion of teresa's youth that she spoke at last.
"you seem to have no illusions!
isn't it rather a pity, at your...""stage of the game?"
he finished the sentence for her with unruffledcomposure.
"i think not, lady cassandra.
to expect too much, is toinvite disappointment.
i'm not very young, and my experience has shownme that for most people, life resolves itself into making the most of asecond best.
things _don't_ turn out as they expect.
they set out togain a certain prize, and they don't gain it, or if they do, somethingunexpected creeps in to rub off the bloom.
don't think i'm morbid.
i'mnot; i've no reason to be.
there's a lot of good, steady-goinghappiness open to all of us, if we are sensible enough to take it, andnot lose our chance by expecting too much."
"you are very philosophical.
generally speaking, i suppose you areright, but we were talking of marriage, when even the mostmatter-of-fact people are supposed to have illusions.
there are notmany girls who would accept a lover who did not believe, for the time,at least, that he would be happy ever after if he could secure her as acompanion."
he said, laughing.
cassandra was left to infer that there were occasions when exaggerationwas legitimate; occasions even when a man might succeed in blindfoldinghimself, but the concession did not alter the inward conviction.
oncemore she relapsed into silence, considering his words.
peignton was oneof the rare people with whom it was not necessary to carry on acontinuous flow of conversation.
one could be silent, pursuing one'sown thoughts with a comfortable assurance that he was mentally keepingtouch, and that when speech came it would be to pronounce a mutualdecision.
"a second best!"
those were the words which had burned themselves oncassandra's brain.
life for the majority of people resolved itself intomaking the most of a second best.
there was plenty of good,steady-going happiness in store for those who were sensible enough totake it, and not waste their time straining after the unattainable.
thedoctrine was distinctly bracing for those who had fallen into the troughof disappointment.
cassandra made a mental note to think over itsaxioms at her leisure.
she had come to the stage when philosophy mighthave its turn, but, oh, it was good to remember that there _had_ been aday when she had not philosophised, had not reasoned, had not made thebest of anything, because youth and hope had already placed that best inher hands!
what if it had been a delusion,--she had had her hour, andnothing that life could bring could take away its memory!
there stabbed through her heart a passion of pity for the man who was socalmly ignoring the glory of life.
she turned towards him, her eyesdark with earnestness.
"ah, no, it's a mistake.
why be satisfied with makeshifts, when there'sa chance of the best?
to be too easily satisfied is as foolish as toexpect too much; more foolish, for you miss the dream!
if the realityfails, one can always look backward and remember the dream."
peignton's air of absorption had no personal reference.
the words hadpassed over his head in so far as they applied to himself.
he waslooking at cassandra and saying deep in his heart: "that woman!
to growtired of her!
he can never have been worthy to black herboots."
peignton had a hatred of waste, and it was waste of the worstsort to find this adorable woman thrown away on a man who was quiteobtrusively unappreciative.
there was such unconscious commiseration inhis glance, that cassandra drew back sharply.
"goodness, how serious we are growing!
it's the rarest thing in theworld for me to theorise.
it must be the pernicious effect of payingcalls.
i'm not responsible for anything i say after being cooped upwith rows of women discussing cooks, and mothers' meetings.
forgive meif i've bored you!"
"i'm not bored.
i'll think over what you say.
i expect you are right,and i'm wrong.
when one is obliged to slack physically, as i've donethese last years, the mind is apt to slack in sympathy.
it _is_ a sortof slacking to be content with makeshifts.
i must brace up, and aim atthe sky, or if a makeshift is inevitable, at least one can use a littledeception and pretend that it is the best."
"_could_ you do that?"
cassandra's eyes were incredulous, but peignton smiled with easyassurance.
"oh, yes, certainly.
if i chose.
it's a question of temperament.
itis always easier to me to be happy, than the other thing.
one adaptsoneself--"the car stopped at the cross roads and cassandra held out her hand infarewell.
the melancholy air had disappeared, an elf of mischief dancedin her eyes.
"captain peignton, you are hopelessly prosaic.
it must be a second bestafter all, for the dream would be wasted upon you.
the second best,and--shall i help you to it?"
he cried, and they parted with a mutual laugh.
it was only afterthe car had whizzed ahead and he was left alone upon the road, that itoccurred to him to connect teresa mallison with the offer.
"poor little girl.
he said to himself then, and there wastenderness in his eyes, tenderness in his heart.
with every consciousthought he was loyal to teresa, yet one thing puzzled him,--when apartfrom her, he found it impossible to visualise the girl's face.
as oftenas he tried to summon it, it eluded him; he could see nothing but thesweep of dark hair across a white brow, the oval of delicately flushedcheeks, a little chin nestled deep into grey furs.
and raynor wasindifferent to her,--indifferent to that woman!
mrs mallison was one of the kindest of women; she was also one of themost exasperating.
she herself was complacently aware of the firstfact, and referred to it frequently in conversation, enumerating herbenefactions with obvious satisfaction: of the latter attribute sheremained blandly, blindly unaware.
the combination is frequent, thehavoc wrought thereby in domestic circles widespread throughout theland.
mrs mallison rose early from preference.
having reached a timeof life when she required little sleep, she found it a relief to rise atseven, and by an exercise of logic, unanswerable to her own judgment,considered it incumbent upon the whole household to experience a similarbriskness.
she read a chapter of the bible and the day's portion ofdaily light before leaving her bedroom, and prayed sadly to be preservedthroughout the trials and temptations of the day.
to expect happinessshe would have considered a flippant attitude, unworthy a professingchristian, the glad morning face had no justification in her eyes.
i wonder what trials the lord has in store for meto-day!"
she would sigh meekly to the old servant who brought her earlytea, and sallying forth from her bedroom, thus expectant, seldom failedto encounter several minor trials on the way downstairs: dust; grease;marks on white paint.
it was usually a chastened mrs mallison who tookher seat behind the urn.
mrs mallison had an active mind and a cumbersome body.
thiscombination is also widely known, and deplored by grown-up daughters.
no sooner had an idea entered her mind, than she wished it put intoinstant execution--by a daughter.
whatever the daughter might be doing,however responsible might be her work, she must leave it, dismiss itfrom her mind, be ready with heart and will to execute her mother'sbehests.
such was a daughter's duty; to fail in it was to riskreferences to serpents' teeth, and to that subsequent burden of remorse,to be borne by the delinquent, when death should have removed her motherto another sphere.
mary mallison found it simpler to give in at once,leave a letter half-written, or a photographic plate half-toned, andadjourn upstairs to move the position of jars on the storeroom shelves,or make sure that a drawer was safely locked.
she would even rise inthe middle of her breakfast, and walk meekly into the drawing-room tofeel if the palms needed water; but mary was thirty-two, and anaemicinto the bargain, and her axiom in life was, "for goodness' sake, let ushave peace!"
it was easier to walk a dozen yards into the drawing-room,than to be talked at for the rest of the meal.
mary obeyed, swallowinga constant mental revolt, the strain of which showed in her wanbloodless face.
long ago, when she was twenty-four, she had loved acurate, and the curate had not loved her in return.
no man had everloved her; it was to the last degree unlikely that anyone ever would.
mary offered automatic thanks weekly for the gift of creation, andsmothered as wicked the wonder what she had been created for?
she also,like her mother, wondered drearily what troubles lay ahead.
teresa was young, and pretty, and had been educated at a public school.
she had inherited from her mother a fair skin, flaxen locks, a strongwill, and a pertinacity of purpose which might in time develop todisagreeable proportions.
in the meantime she was the admired youngestmember of a plain and heavy family, and was by nature affectionate andappreciative.
it was only on occasions that mrs mallison was consciousof running up against a dead rock when she opposed her will to that ofher youngest daughter; only in glimmering rays of light that sherealised that what teresa desired, almost inevitably came to pass.
overand over again the same thing happened.
teresa had come forward with aproposition: consent had been withheld, teresa had withdrawn.
weeks,even months had passed by; to all appearance teresa had abandoned theproposition, and then suddenly it crystallised, it became fact.
quietly, placidly, teresa had bided her time, clinging with limpet-likedetermination to her point, moving the pawns on the board, waiting forthe right moment to make the final dash.
teresa had left the proud position of head girl in a great school tovegetate in a dull country town, dust the drawing-room, arrange flowers,make her own blouses, and "keep up her music," and had found the routineas unsatisfactory as does every other modern girl.
the mallisons werecomfortably off--that is to say, they had a small detached house, in agood-sized garden, kept two indoor maids, and a man who looked after thegarden and drove the shabby dog-cart.
they were also able to pay theirbills with praiseworthy regularity, and to take a yearly holiday _enfamille_.
they likewise allowed each daughter thirty pounds a year fordress and pocket money, and would have strongly resented an insinuationthat they were not acting generously in so doing.
mary had "managed" onthirty for a dozen years.
teresa managed for two, and then relinquishedthe struggle.
she made no moan, for moans would have had no avail,except to bring about her ears a harvest of precepts.
teresa informedher sister that "they must be shown," and she proceeded to show them.
she bought no new dress, she went about with her parents in aggressivelyshabby clothes, she walked incredible distances to save twopences, andthereby made herself late for meals; in short she demonstrated to herold-fashioned parents, that if they wished to possess a pretty,creditable daughter they must be prepared to pay for her.
the allowancewas increased to fifty, and mary languished beneath a sense of injury.
thirty had been considered enough for _her_!
on the morning after grizel beverley's reception the mallison quartettewas assembled at breakfast in the stiff, sunless morning room.
mrsmallison poured out coffee; major mallison sat facing her before thesilver bacon dish, the morning light streaming in on his tired,discouraged face.
mary sat on the right, opposite the toast-rack andthe egg-stand.
teresa on the left, by the marmalade and honey jar.
the_morning post_ lay neatly folded on the sideboard.
mrs mallisonapproved of sociability at meals; conversation helped digestion.
whenthe major declared that he loathed general conversation at breakfast,and would rather be left in peace than listen to the finestconversationalist alive, he was told that he was unamiable and selfish,and a burden of regret prophesied for him also "when he had _no_ one totalk to!"
mrs mallison poured out four cups of coffee, made her usual lament _re_the price of bacon, and cast a disapproving eye on teresa's blue _crepe_blouse.
"i thought, my dear, that you were going to church this morning todecorate the chancel."
"i am, mother."
"in that blouse?"
a dark flannel is the right thing for theoccasion.
you will have time to change it before you start.
teresa cast down her eyes and applied herself steadily to bacon.
shehad not the slightest intention of wearing a dark flannel blouse.
theblue _crepe_ had been chosen, not for its durability, but that it mightlook pleasant in the eyes of dane peignton.
all the mothers in theworld could not have made teresa change it; so what was the use ofdiscussing the point!
she gave the conversation an adroit littleswitch.
"don't wait lunch for me, mother.
i shall probably go to the vicarage.
we shall need all our time."
"we are having fried steak.
if you come at all, you must be punctual.
if it's done too long, all the strength has gone.
i could give yousandwiches to eat in the vestry.
or it might be stewed.
if papa didnot object, it could _quite_ well be stewed.
he dislikes the onions.
if we had carrots instead, would you object, papa?
but, of course,there's the flavour.
carrots are _not_ so seasoning...  perhaps it hadbetter be sandwiches.
mary, is there a glass of that chicken and hampaste?
see if there's a glass, dear.
cook could make some nice freshsandwiches."
mary moved automatically, but teresa stopped her with a waving hand.
"i loathe sandwiches.
i shall go somewhere and have a proper lunch.
don't bother, mother."
"my dear," said mrs mallison reproachfully, "i am your mother.
whenyou have a tiring day before you i am naturally anxious that you shouldbe fed.
they will be busy at the vicarage.
cold meat and salad.
onecould hardly expect more, but you are accustomed to a hot dish.
it isthe day for steak, but if papa didn't object we might change.
i don'tcare for changes as a rule, it upsets the servants, but just for once.--a chicken now!
you like chicken.
just run to the telephone, dear, andtell bates to send one up.
three and six.
if papadoesn't mind."
not a flicker of expression passed over the major's face.
he was thejorkins of the establishment, and knew well that, useful as he might befor purposes of quotation, he was negligible as a working factor.
hecontinued resignedly to partake of bacon.
teresa vouchsafed anappreciative smile.
"we'll have fowl for dinner.
plenty of time when the boy calls.
i'mgoing out to lunch, mother.
it's part of the fun."
mrs mallison sighed.
here was one of the expected trials.
a daughter,unappreciative, preferring to roam abroad, oblivious of the fact thatafter a morning's church decorating she would be in possession of aharvest of small talk which a mother would naturally desire to hear.
who decorated the lectern; who the finials; who did the windows thisyear?
the windows were the least coveted post.
a mother whose daughterhad been honoured with the east end would naturally feel agreeablesympathy for the mother of those who wrestled modestly withwindow-sills.
then also there were subsidiary interests.
who broughtthe squire's flowers?
did lady cassandra drive down?
was the vicartiresome about nails?
exactly what did everyone present say aboutteresa's scheme of colour?
the good lady felt it hard that she shouldhave to wait until evening to satisfy her interest on these thrillingpoints.
she set her lips and said to herself, "certainly not!
if youngpeople have no consideration for others, they cannot expect to beindulged.
roast end of the neck."
at the side of the table mary sighed, and stared dejectedly into space.
eight years ago _she_ had been asked to "do" the east end, and thecurate had been by her side all day helping her, reaching to highplaces, bending down, taking the vases from her hand.
after all theseyears she could still see before her every line of the smooth boyishface.
he had never loved her, he had gone away and married anothergirl, but he had been admiring and attentive; several times in thecourse of that day he had made her sit down to rest; at tea at thevicarage he had placed a cushion behind her back.
in mary's starvedlife such small incidents took the place of romance.
she looked acrossthe table at her sister, not so much with envy, as with pity.
she also was dreaming; she also must awake.
and teresaunderstood the glance and set her red lips.
she had not the leastintention in the world of following in mary's footsteps.
thirty-twoshould never find _her_ dragging along at home!
she thought of danepeignton with the warm glow at the heart which always accompanied thethought.
if dane did not "care," her dearest hope would be blasted, butit was characteristic of teresa that she could put aside thepossibility, and be assured that even dane himself could not spoil herlife, or reduce her to mary's apathy of indifference.
after breakfast came "worship," when the maids came in and sat on twochairs placed as near as possible to the door, and the mistress of thehouse read aloud a chapter in the bible, followed by a long prayer froma book entitled _family devotions_.
the chapter this morning was takenfrom judges, and had little obvious bearing on the lives of the hearers.
it is doubtful if anyone attended after the first few verses.
the cookwas listening for the tradesmen's bell.
if it rang in the middle ofworship it was understood that she was to rise softly and creep out.
under such circumstances it was, as she expressed it, difficult to"settle down."
the housemaid was thinking of her young man.
teresa wasconsidering her scheme of decoration.
major mallison and mary wereresignedly sitting it out.
for the prayer everyone rose and knelt down,but the mental attitude remained unchanged.
they rose once more withsighs of relief.
after breakfast teresa dusted the drawing-room, made her own bed, andhung over the banisters listening for the moment when her mother shouldbegin telephoning orders to the tradespeople, when she herself mightleave the house without fear of further questioning as to the blueblouse.
she expanded her shoulders with a sigh of relief on reachingthe open air, and sped along the quiet road with the feeling of escapewhich every member of the mallison household experienced when the gatewas safely closed, before a shrill recall had sounded from door orwindow.
teresa's thoughts that morning were occupied as many another daughter'shave been before her, in pondering the astonishing problem of herparents' youth.
father and mother in love!
father ardent, mother shy!
father and mother exchanging love glances; engrossed in one another'ssociety.
could such things be?
and if so--lacerating thought!--_couldthey be again_?
in thirty years' time could teresa and dane...teresa flushed violently.
she had not prayed at family worship.
shehad been frankly and emphatically bored, but she prayed now, walkingalong the public road, in her blue coat and fashionable jam-pot hat, shelifted her eyes to the grey skies, and the voice in her heart criedearnestly: "i'll make him happy!
help me to keep him happy!
give himto me, and make me a good wife."
a glow of tenderness softened the hardyoung eyes.
"make me good," cried teresa, "_for dane's sake_!"
she was the first to arrive at the church, before even the vicar's wife.
was she not the honoured young worker, to whom had been entrusted thedecoration of the east end?
a mass of daffodils, wallflowers, andprimroses lay banked in baskets along the aisles.
these were thecontributions of the poorer members of the community, the villagers andowners of small gardens.
outside the chancel rails were ranged rows ofgrowing bulbs in pots, hyacinths, narcissus, the finer variety ofdaffodils, great trumpet-like heads of white and cream, orange and gold.
these were the first contribution from the court; later on the carriagewould bring down a hamper of flowers, freshly cut and fragrant.
thesexton came forward with a box containing the tin vases and fitmentsprovided for such occasions, and delivered the usual warning aboutnails.
the vicar would allow no nails.
teresa took off her long coatand placed it in a pew; the blue of her blouse seemed to take an addedrichness from the austerity of the surroundings.
how glad she was thatshe had disobeyed her mother and kept it on!
presently the vicarage party arrived, and quickly following one afteranother the helpers.
teresa lifted the flower-pots one by one andplaced them behind the delicate tracery of the oak screen, so that thepots themselves were hidden and the carved openings appeared to give avista into a sweet spring garden.
all the while she worked, she kept a strained outlook for dane'sappearance.
when another helper approached, and would have loitered inconversation, she made a speedy excuse for hurrying away, lest he shouldcome now, and their meeting be marred; when her back was turned to theaisle she listened for the sound of his footsteps.
at any moment hemight enter, stand by her side, call to her in his full, rich tones:"miss teresa!"
eleven o'clock came, and he had not appeared; half-past eleven.
all thepots were arranged.
intentionally teresa had lingered over the work,dreading to begin the more elaborate decorations which would requireaid.
if she were seen mounting a stool, some of the men helpers wouldat once come forward to assist; and dane entering and seeing her thusprovided, might attach himself to someone else.
a dull ache ofdisappointment filled teresa's heart.
if he really cared; if theopportunity meant to him what it did to herself, he would not havewasted the hours.
she put her last pot in its place, stood back to viewthe effect, and heard at last the longed-for words of welcome.
"miss teresa--here i am; bright and early, you see!
what have you gotfor me to do?"
he was smiling, composed, unconscious of offence.
the ache sharpenedinto pain at the realisation, but teresa had a wisdom beyond her years,and allowed no sign of disappointment to become visible.
to sulk andlooked aggrieved was not the way to increase a man's admiration.
shesmiled into his eyes, and cried readily:"heaps of things!
i need you for all the stretchy places.
you are sobig.
and those great palms...  they have to go into the corners.
willyou help me to move them?"
i'll do it myself.
just point out where they are togo.
what's the good of me if i can't save you fatigue?"
the tenderness of his smile was as ointment of healing, but true to herprinciples teresa averted her eyes, and put on her most business-likemanner, so that no answering sign of tenderness might be visible.
notto the verger himself had her manner been more cool and detached, butdane showed no sign of dissatisfaction.
they had met to work, not tomake love; he admired the girl for her brisk, capable ways, and foundpleasure in the sight of her alert young figure clad in the short skirt,stout boots, and untrimmed hat.
they worked industriously for the nexthalf-hour, banking up comers of palms, covering the foremost pots with avelvety cushion of moss.
side by side they knelt on the marble floor,pulling apart the fragrant sods, patting them into shape.
once when arebellious morsel refused to remain in place teresa fumbled among heryellow locks for a hairpin to act as skewer, whereupon dane made a quickmovement to withdraw her hand.
"no, no, it's covered with soil!
...  let me!"
he covered his fingerand thumb with a handkerchief, carefully extracted the nearest pin, andheld it towards her.
it's too bad to soil your prettyhair.
you've got loads of hair, haven't you?
i love to see a girl withgood hair.
how far does it come down?"
"past my waist."
teresa's conscience pricked her on account of onebraid which could come down as far as required, but there seemed noimmediate need for confession on that score.
her cheeks were flushed,she took a long time over the last arrangement of moss, ponderinguneasily.
had anyone _seen_?
what would they think?
she hoped togoodness that miss mason's eyes had been averted!
what miss mason sawat noon, was parish news by sunfall...  "by the by, you'll be interestedto hear that teresa mallison is engaged to that young peignton.
i sawhim _distinctly_ stroking her hair."
in imagination she could hear thethin, clipped voice scattering the news broadcast.
and in time it wouldcome to dane's own ears...teresa rose and cast a searching glance round the church.
no one waslooking, the workers were engrossed and preoccupied.
the vicar's wifewas affixing a cross of daffodils to the front of the pulpit, thedoctor's daughters were trimming the lectern with stiff little bunchesof daffodils.
all down the aisle workers were twisting sprays of ivyround the tall gas standards, in the discreet background dowdy nobodieswere wrestling with window-sills.
the vicar's wife held firmly to thetheory of universal brotherhood, but it would never have occurred to herto ask a wealthy parishioner to "do" the windows, or a tradesman's wifeto undertake the east end.
teresa and dane left the chancel and stoodhesitating at the head of the aisle.
now they were ready for the cutflowers, and the cut flowers had not arrived.
"the squire promised to send down.
i wrote again last night to remindhim.
he _can't_ have forgotten."
they'll be here soon.
there's a car at the door now."
peignton peered forward, looking down the length of the aisle into thesunlit churchyard beyond, and the girl watching him, as she loved to doat unobserved moments, saw a sudden light come into the lazy eyes.
shepeered in her turn, and beheld a small grey foot emerge from the door ofthe car, then a second foot, and finally a tall figure, grey-robed,grey-furred, which stood aside, sharply outlined against the darkness ofthe background, and waited for the descent of still another figure,coated in white.
... she had come herself, and with her mrs martinbeverley.
they were driving about together in the morning, a sign ofintimacy more eloquent than a dozen afternoon meetings.
they weresmiling into each other's faces as they walked up the church path,talking with the ease of lifelong friends.
teresa felt a pang of jealousy, not of dane peignton,--these women weremarried and could have no interest for him,--but for herself, and herposition in the raynor household.
proud as she had been of the degreeof intimacy to which she had been admitted, in her heart she hadacknowledged the presence of a barrier shutting her out from personalfriendship.
she had been a favoured acquaintance, nothing more, and nowa friend had appeared, and the acquaintance must needs stand aside.
up the church aisle came the two women, side by side, graver now asbefitted their surroundings, yet bringing with them a whiff of the worldof gaiety and fashion, the influence of which spread subtly over thefeminine body of workers.
the vicar's wife pulled down her cuffs, andbrushed the leaves from her gown; the doctor's daughters arranged straylocks, and placed themselves in artistic attitudes around the desk, andfrom the background poor miss bruce looked on with widened eyes.
cassandra came forward to shake hands with mrs evans, the naturalhostess of the occasion.
"good morning, mrs evans.
how busy you all are!
i drove down with theflowers, and brought mrs beverley with me.
the groom is bringing themin.
we promised miss mallison--"she looked around, caught sight of teresa and peignton standing side byside, and nodded, faintly smiling.
the affair was progressing then!
noneed for outside help.
teresa, flushed and happy, the blue of herblouse setting off the pink and white of her complexion, looked her mostattractive self.
cassandra envied her, pitied her, felt an inexplicableirritation with her, all at the same moment, but being bred in theschool which considers the suppression of feeling to be the first axiomof good manners, her smile of greeting remained unchanged.
the vases for the altar had been carried into a vestry, where they stoodon a table ready to be filled.
the groom was directed where to carryhis hamper, and the two visitors followed, talking in undertones toteresa and dane as they went.
inside the room itself there was agreater sense of freedom, and their voices instantly heightened in tone.
they had an air of having nothing to do, and of being indifferent as tohow long they stayed, which was far from welcome to one at least of theworkers.
teresa had planned exactly how the vases were to be arranged, and hadanticipated a happy half-hour, alone with dane, free from theobservation of curious eyes.
she was capable of carrying out her ownideas, and wished for no assistance.
it was peignton who made theunwelcome suggestion that cassandra should remain to help.
"i'm out of this!"
he said, shrugging.
"never arranged flowers in mylife, and don't know how to begin.
dragging about palms is more in myline, but that's done now, and i'm no more use.
sorry to be such abroken reed, miss teresa!
perhaps lady cassandra--" he looked atcassandra, and once again his eyes lightened, as if what they beheld wasgood in his sight.
"i am sure you know how to arrange flowers!"
"oh, yes," cassandra said calmly, "i'm supposed to be quite good.
well,teresa, i am at your service.
you are in command.
mrs beverley, you won't mind waiting a short time?"
"oh, no," grizel said sweetly.
"i'll help too!"
she made no motion totake off her gloves, however, but stood watching with a lazy smile whileher companion threw off her furs in business-like fashion.
the squareemerald sparkled against the whiteness of her hand, as she turned overflowers, searching for the most perfect specimens.
once more danewatched it with fascinated attention, once more looked from it toteresa's hands, reddened and stained with soil, and hastily averted hiseyes.
henceforth he kept them averted.
there was no disloyalty inadmiring a beautiful thing.
the wrong began when one stooped toinvidious comparisons.
by degrees it came about that cassandra arranged, while the others stoodby, and supplied her wants.
she was accustomed to the handling ofdelicate blooms, and possessed little coaxing tricks of propping andsupporting, which added greatly to their effect.
of the first two vasescompleted, hers was so palpably superior, that the obvious course was toinvite her to undertake all five.
teresa gave the invitation with agood grace, and stood aside handing sprays of lilies, and disentanglingdelicate fronds of green.
as she stood she faced a small mirror on the wall, before which the rev.
vicar presumably concluded his clerical toilet.
at the moment it gaveback the reflection of herself and cassandra, standing side by side, andthe contrast stung.
at home, by the same law of contrast, teresacomplacently considered herself next door to a beauty, but seen side byside with cassandra raynor, her image appeared of a sudden coarsened andblunted.
moreover, the inferiority was not confined to the body;mentally as well as physically she was at a disadvantage;--her wordsseemed halting and difficult, compared with the other's delicate rippleof conversation.
teresa's honesty accepted the fact, disagreeablethough it was.
the little ache at her heart was not caused so much byjealousy, as by regret for the hour which she had longed for, the hourwhich was not to be.
surreptitiously she watched peignton to see if heshared her disappointment.
his manner was quieter than when they hadbeen alone together.
he looked less at his ease, but he was interested,his eyes followed the delicate work with absorbed attention.
he wasmore interested, rather than less.
teresa felt suddenly very tired.
she had hoped he would look disappointed!
meanwhile grizel had strolled out of the vestry and stood viewing thescene with lazy, smiling eyes.
the workers were so busy that they hadnot noticed her approach, and she had time to study them unawares.
forthe most part they worked in pairs, consulting together, the moredeft-handed arranging the flowers, the less skilful acting as assistant,and executing her commands.
quietly though they worked, there was inthe air a sense of _camaraderie_; and one divined that these workerswere friends who had chosen to work together, and enjoyed thecompanionship.
in the background a solitary black-robed figure stoodstraining upward from the seat of a pew, engaged in covering the sill ofa window with fragments of foliage, and those inferior flowers which hadbeen rejected for more prominent places.
grizel took a short cutthrough a pew, and approached this worker's side.
"may i help you?"
she asked, and miss bruce turned her head and staredin bewilderment.
she was a middle-aged spinster, who lived in a smallvilla, with a small servant-girl, a fox-terrier, and a canary in a brasscage.
she possessed exactly two hundred pounds a year, and felt herselfrich.
it was only in the matter of friends that she was poor, for thetaint of trade set her apart from the people whom she wished to know,while as a lady of independent means she, in her turn, despised theclass from which she had sprung.
mrs evans considered miss bruce a"useful" worker, and asked her to tea regularly once a year, in additionto a summer garden party.
the churchwarden's wife was asked to meet heron these occasions.
"you won't mind, dear, i know," the vicar's wifewould premise.
"you _are_ so kind, and it gives her such pleasure, poorsoul!"
but as a matter of fact the tea party gave miss bruce nopleasure at all.
she was keen enough to realise the exact conditions ofher invitation, and instead of feeling flattered was wounded andaggrieved...  "last week she had nine people there one afternoon, themallisons and the escourts, all that set.
ellen heard about it from thecook.
why couldn't she ask me then?"
she would ask herself bitterly.
"never anyone but mrs rose!"
every year she decided to refuse the nextinvitation, but when it came to the time her courage failed.
in thedeadly dullness of her life a change was too rare to be lightlyforegone.
she stepped down from her high perch now, and turned her dulleyes to stare into grizel beverley's happy face.
"may i help you a little?"
it's very kind, i'm sure.
i shall be much obliged."
"_that's_ all right!"
said grizel cordially, and promptly seated herselfat the end of a pew, and extended an arm along the top of the oakenback, in an attitude of luxurious ease.
exactly what form the "help"was to take it was difficult to guess, but miss bruce was not thinkingof such mundane considerations; her mind was occupied in grasping theastounding fact that the latest celebrity of the countryside, mrsmartin beverley, late miss grizel dundas, had chosen to single out herinsignificant self, when some of the most important ladies in the parishwere present.
"it's--not very interesting over here," she stammered apologetically.
"window-sills are so dull.
it's impossible to get an effect."
"they _are_ rather muddly, aren't they?"
grizel agreed cheerfully,casting a roving eye over the branches of greenery, scatteredintermittently with daffodils which had had their day.
"but i daresayno one will look...  i don't think i know your name, do i?
you haven'tcalled on me yet?"
miss bruce flushed a deep brick-red.
her lips tightened in remembranceof the old grudge.
she said bluntly.
"it would not be--acceptable.
"oh, so am i!
there we can sympathise.
isn't it _dull_?"
miss bruce looked at her in silent disclaimer.
no one could look intogrizel's face and doubt the honesty of her words, but miss brucereflected tartly that there were different degrees of poverty!
why, theclothes on the bride's back this morning must have cost a considerableportion of her own year's income!
the white coat hung in strange andwonderful folds, the outside was severely plain, just a simple,unadorned cloth garment which an ordinary woman might have worn; but asshe sat, the fronts had fallen apart, and the spinster gazed with aweupon a gorgeousness of lining such as it had not entered into her brainto conceive.
ivory brocade, shot through with gold; a band of exquisiteembroidery where the two fabrics met, cascades of delicate lace.
missbruce was fond of coining phrases to express her meaning.
she coinedone now, "muffled magnificence!"
it seemed an inconceivable thing thatany woman could allow such richness to be hidden away beneath a clothexterior, yet something latent within her applauded the feat.
"muffledmagnificence," she repeated to herself, her gloating eyes taking in eachperfection of detail.
her lips twisted in grim realisation of thedifference in degrees of poverty, but a quality of sincerity andkindliness in grizel's hazel eyes prompted an unwonted confidence.
sheheard herself saying quite simply and naturally:"there is something besides poverty, mrs beverley!
my father was aplumber.
quite in a big way, of course, but still,--he was in trade.
he was a very good father; he educated me well and left me enough tolive on.
i'm grateful to him, but,--you can understand--"grizel gave a soft little _move_ of appreciation.
"a _good_ plumber.--a plumber with principles...  oh, you _must_ beproud!
i've travelled all over the world, but i never heard of such athing before.
all the other plumbers i've heard of have brought miseryon everyone who knew them...  you must certainly come to see me, andtell me all about him, and i'll call on you too, and see hisphotograph...  had he a chin beard?"
miss bruce's gratification was merged in stunned surprise.
"they always have.
haven't you noticed?
if your father hadn't, thatmakes him more wonderful still.
and where is your house, miss--""bruce.
in rose lane.
near the men's institute.
a little house with agreen porch.
you wouldn't have noticed--""i've just come, you see," grizel apologised, "and i've been busy aboutmy own little house.
i'll show it to you, and you must show me yours.
when will you come to tea?"
miss bruce stood silent, struggling between a longing to name a date,clinch the invitation, and wave a flag of triumph in the eyes of herenemies, and some softer feeling which forebade taking advantage of theignorance of a new-comer.
she looked down at the young happy face, atthe slim young body in its dainty trappings, and a rare impulse oftenderness stirred in her dried heart.
people said that mrs beverleyhad been born to a great fortune, had lived in luxury among the highestin the land, but she gave herself fewer airs than many upstarts insemi-detached villas.
one good turn deserved another.
miss bruce roseto unexampled heights of sacrifice.
"it is very kind of you--i appreciate it, but i'd better not!
thegentlefolk don't know me, don't want to.
if they met me sitting in yourdrawing-room it would be awkward for everybody concerned."
grizel elevated expressive eyebrows.
"i choose my own friends.
no one has a right to dictate.
i'll driveover for you some day, and carry you off whether you want to or not.
you could help me so much!
there are thousands of things i want to knowabout the place, and the workpeople, and where to send, and what to dowhen things happen--they always _are_ happening in a house, and i've asort of conviction that you could tell me!
i'm rather a lazy person,but i get things done.
providence is kind in sending along people to dothem for me."
such was the magnetism of the dimpling smile that miss bruce entirelyforgot that this was the person who in the present instance hadvolunteered to help herself, and stammered ardent promises.
anythingshe could do!
everything she could do.
only too pleased and proud--"_that's_ all right, then.
and about those daffodils!
_don't_ youthink they'd look better massed together into little groups?
they dolook so plaintive fading away all on their own little lones.
you'd getmore effect from good-sized bunches!"
"well, i can try!"
miss bruce conceded amiably, and for the next tenminutes she worked diligently, carrying out the instructions given by asoft voice, and a waving hand in an exquisitely fitting glove.
theresult was distinctly to the good, and grizel had no hesitation intaking her due share of praise.
"we _have_ done them well!"
she said graciously at parting, and missbruce magnanimously agreed.
"thank you so much for your help!"
grizel made another short cut through a pew, and was intercepted by thevicar's wife, who had been watching the _tete-a-tete_ with wonderingeyes.
mrs martin beverley, and poor miss bruce!
what on earth hadthey found to talk about all that time?
her keen eyes were alight withcuriosity, but grizel vouchsafed no information; she knew withouthearing what the good lady would have to say, and was in no mind to hearit.
perhaps of all sins, pride is the most universal, and the mostvaried in the manner of its presentment.
it hides itself under manydisguises, obtrudes its head in the most unexpected situations.
thesocialist railing at society, and calling upon mankind to follow hisexample, is often more inflated with pride than the aristocrats againstwhom he inveighs: an ardent philanthropist living happily among east endroughs, will display unexpected bristles to a fellow-worker who has notknown the advantages of a public school; so grizel beverley, lookingdown on the small folk of chumley from the altitude of her pastexperiences, failed to grasp infinitesimal distinctions, and saw noreason why she should be hindered thereby.
she had no mind to obeyinstructions from the vicar's wife!
she floated past with a nod and asmile, and joined the little group of three who were standing outsidethe cancel rails, surveying the effect of the completed vases.
the girlteresa looked paler and more set in expression; tired, no doubt, withher morning's _work_.
cassandra, on the contrary, looked refreshed, theinterest of having work to do, and doing it well, lighting her eyes intoa girlish brightness.
her face was almost as happy as grizel's own, asshe turned to greet her.
"here you are!
i hope i've not kept you too long.
it must be nearlytime for lunch."
she cast a quick glance at the two by her side, andadded tentatively; "i'm going straight back in the car; won't you bothcome, too, and let me feed you after your labours?
i'd be sopleased."
without a flicker of hesitation came teresa's refusal.
"thank you; i couldn't possibly.
i've not finished.
there is always acold lunch at the vicarage.
mrs evans asks anyone who likes to go.
it's so near."
"yes, of course."
cassandra held out her hand in placid acceptance ofthe fact, spoke a few words of farewell, and turned to peignton, takingfor granted a like excuse on his part, but he was hesitating, anddisplaying an obvious wish to accept.
"is there anything more that i can do to help you, miss teresa?--if mywork is finished, there's no need for me to stay.
of course, if there'sanything i can do--""no, thank you.
only a few odds and ends.
i canmanage quite well," said teresa staunchly.
her heart was cramped withpain, but she made no sign.
as calmly as a martyr of old, she smiledthrough the fire, shook hands with each of the three in turn, andaccompanied them a few steps down the aisle.
cassandra walked ahead, her head in the air.
"now why did he do that?"
she asked herself uneasily.
"i asked them together.
i never dreamed hewould come alone.
perhaps bernard was mistaken, and there's nothingbetween them, after all.
she seemed absolutely detached!"
thepossibility brought with it a sense of relief, and her thoughts flewahead to the afternoon.
"i'll take him to my summer-house to tea, andwe can talk.
there are quite a number of things i want to say..."it was five o'clock before teresa mallison returned home that afternoon,for the "few odd things" stretched out to unexpected length.
the dayhad turned out very differently from what she expected, but there was noanger in her heart against the two who had disturbed her peace.
withunusual fairness of mind she realised their unconsciousness, theirunwillingness to offend.
things had just happened.
no one was toblame.
this philosophic attitude did not prevent her from beingexceedingly short and snappy with her family for the rest of theevening, or from refusing coldly to partake of the fowl which had beenprovided for her delectation.
to some natures a scapegoat is necessary,and in nine cases out of ten they are conveniently discovered in thehome circle.
driving home in the car cassandra was conscious of contending emotionswhich carried her back to nursery days; pleasure, excitement, anunderlying gnawing of guilt.
so had she felt, stealthily playing in acorner with a toy purloined from a sister's store, and yet, as sheassured herself, there was no need for compunction.
she had invitedboth teresa and dane; it was not her fault if the girl chose to refuse;not her fault if the man was ungallant enough to accept.
yet thefeeling of guilt persisted.
she looked curiously at peignton to see ifhe shared her discomfort, but never did a man look more serene andunperturbed.
the thrill of pleasurable excitement which inher case was a real, though secondary sensation, was, to judge byappearance, all-pervading in his case.
his eyes shone, the tired-outlook had disappeared; his lips smiled.
"what a good thing a good car is!
i used to swear by walking, but thetime has come when i find it very agreeable to slip into a cushionedseat, and be whirled where i would go.
there's something mysteriouslyfatiguing about decorating churches; haven't you found it so?
perhapsit is the necessity of keeping quiet and forbearing from expressingoneself as one otherwise would, when one is unexpectedly scratched orbruised.
in any case, i _am_ tired.
it is good of you tooffer to feed me."
cassandra smiled with the comfortable assurance of one who takes perfectmeals as a matter of course.
there was no consciousness of cold mutton,no fear of a heavy pudding, to mar her enjoyment of an unexpected guest,but having never experienced a housekeeper's anxiety, she failed toappreciate the relief.
"i hope they will give you something fit to eat!"
"and afterwards...  will you show me your garden?"
"i have no special garden.
i do nothing myself.
i'm always making upmy mind to take over a little corner, but it takes a long time to makeup my mind.
i don't want to dig and delve.
i enjoy the flowers betterwhen i get them without any trouble.
it would be simply an effort totry to find an interest.--do you believe in troubling to find aninterest, when it doesn't come naturally?"
"yes," dane said simply, and cassandra stared at him with a feeling ofcheck.
she had not expected that quiet "yes"; it carried with it afinality which put an end to argument.
"i have had to do it, you see!"
"the thing which _did_interest me became impossible, so i was obliged to find something elseto fill the gap."
cassandra lay back against the cushions with an exaggerated sigh ofresignation.
here we are back at our second bests!
i hate second bests,and makeshifts of every description, and i don't recognise anyobligation to adopt them.
if i can gain an interest only at the cost ofsomething it doesn't interest me to do, how can it be an interest atall?
i'm talking nonsense, but it's your fault...  you are so painfullyphilosophic...  does a land agency _really_ fill the gap left by the oldregiment, and its associations?"
"nothing near it.
but it helps.
it is several degrees better thannothing."
peignton spoke resolutely, but his face twitched, andcassandra was smitten with compunction.
i shouldn't have said it.
it was mean of me.
when you are sobrave..."  her voice sank to a tenderness of which she was unaware, asshe asked the next question: "what was it?
i never heard more than justthat you had a breakdown!"
"lungs," he said simply.
"i had a cough, and it stuck to me, and i lostweight, but i never dreamt of anything serious.
it was a bit of a--jar!
i was packed off home to a sanatorium, and came out at the end of sixmonths with a clean bill of health.
i've been up to be vetted every fewmonths since.
the last time it was a new fellow, and he could not spotthe weak place, so i'm all right, you see; it has just made mephysically a few years older than i really am.
given care, and anoutdoor life, i have as good a chance as another man."
"oh, of course.
so many people...  it's _nothing_ now, compared withwhat it used to be," cassandra assented hurriedly.
_that_ was thereason of the subtly appealing look which had puzzled her from her firstmeeting with this man!
he had looked death in the face; had left themimic playing at arms, to fight a hand-to-hand battle with that grimspectre through weary weeks and months.
such an experience could notfail to leave its mark, however resolutely it might be ignored.
she wassilent for some minutes, staring dreamily out of the window, while danein his turn studied her face, and wondered in masculine innocence whyevery woman did not wear chinchilla.
"how do you take it when such blows come?"
she asked slowly at last.
"do you rage or sulk?
i suppose with ordinary human creatures it comesdown to one of the two.
only the saints are resigned, and i don't fancyyou--""no, indeed.
very far from it!"
he laughed, then sobered quickly.
i got the credit for taking it uncommonly well, butthat was because i was too proud to fuss.
for my ownselfish sake it was easier to bluff it out, and pretend to be hopeful.
but inside--i went through a pretty fair imitation of hell in thosefirst few weeks!"
in cassandra's low croon of sympathy sounded all the warmth of her irishheart; her eyes were liquid with sympathy.
afterwards...  how soon did you--""pull myself together?
oh, i dunno!
as soon as i--began to pull round,i suppose!"
he shrugged his shoulders.
"not much credit in that, wasthere?
i _sulked_, as you put it, so long as everything seemed over,but when i saw i was going to live on, i was obliged to rouse myself tosee what could be done.
the more one has lost, themore important it is to make the most of what remains.
i couldn't enjoymy life in the way i intended, but i was determined to enjoy it all thesame."
"and have you?"
look at me now.
having a rattling time.
i've never enjoyedthings more in my life than during the last few weeks."
"church decorations included!"
cassandra enquired with malice prepense.
she wanted to see if he would look self-conscious at what was meant tobe a veiled reference to his connection with teresa, but he looked ather with the frankest of smiles and said: "yes; didn't you?"
and it wasshe, not he, who suffered from embarrassment.
at lunch bernard was unaffectedly pleased to see the unexpected guest,and throughout its course talked to him persistently on topics whichleft cassandra out in the cold.
she was evidently accustomed to be thusignored, for her dreamy eyes showed that her thoughts were far away, andshe replied so absently to dane's tentative attempts to draw her intothe conversation, that he was not encouraged to persevere.
she awoke tosudden sharp consciousness, however, when bernard began makingsuggestions for the afternoon, taking for granted that his guest wasready to accompany him wherever he should suggest to go.
"i've beenwanting to drive round boxley for some time.
you come along and give meyour advice," he said finally, and again cassandra knew a revival ofyouthful days in the tingle of anger, the incredulous load ofdisappointment, which like a real physical weight pressed upon herheart.
it was ridiculous, it was absurd, it was quite ludicrously outof proportion, to feel so torn about so small a thing, but she _was_torn.
it was in her at that moment to blaze into anger, to speak loudprotesting words, to push aside her plate and dash from the room.
allthe different impulses which had torn the girl cassandra when defraudedof a promised treat of the nursery surged up suddenly in the breast ofthe woman who sat in silent dignity at the head of her table, smilingher unruffled, society smile.
bernard, of course--bernard never took her into consideration;but,--_what would peignton say_?
what he said was the easiest, most natural of explanations.
"thanks very much.
another time i'd be delighted, but this afternoonlady cassandra has promised to show me the gardens.
perhaps we couldfix a day for next week?"
the squire knitted his eyebrows, and looked from his guest to his wife,back again from his wife to his guest.
plainly he was concerned,plainly also he was concerned for his guest's sake, not that of hiswife.
"that's very good of you," he said slowly, "but er--the whole afternoon?
rather a fag, isn't it?
you could have a walk round after lunch, andwe'd start at three."
"thanks, but it's against my principles to divide good things.
we'll doboxley next week, if you'll give me the chance."
the squire looked at his wife again and smiled, a good-natured smile.
he was obviously content that she should be amused, provided that hehimself had no trouble in the matter.
"that's all right, then," he said.
"we'll leave it at that.
cass willbe quite pleased to have someone to talk to.
won't you, cass?"
said cassandra gravely.
it was beyond her at thatmoment to make pretence, but the earnestness of her face had the effectof launching her husband on an old grievance.
"it's your own fault, you know; your own fault!
i'm always talking toyou about it.
she won't make friends, peignton!
lived within a coupleof miles of chumley all these years, and hasn't a single friend.
saysthere's no one to know.
don't tell me...  lots of 'em, if shetook the trouble to find out.
too proud, that's the size of it, andthey know it, and it gets 'em on the raw.
she's made herself jollyunpopular, that's what she's done.
you can't deny that you have madeyourself unpopular!"
"i am quite the most unpopular woman in the neighbourhood," cassandrasaid, with the sideways tilt of the chin which dane was beginning torecognise.
"it's humiliating, but i can't see that i am to blame.
ibore the chumley people, and they bore me, and if i'm to be bored atall, i so very much prefer to do it for myself.
i don't complain ofbeing alone."
"oh, yes, you do.
not in words, perhaps.
there are a jolly lot of waysin which a woman can rub it in," cried the squire with a shrewdness atwhich cassandra laughed with unruffled good-nature.
have i rubbed it in?
grizel beverley isgoing to prove a host in herself, and captain peignton is giving me awhole afternoon, and i've been at the church for over an hour,decorating, and talking prettily to the other helpers.
things arelooking up.
i may be quite sociable by the end of anotheryear!"
but the squire refused to be cajoled.
"lots of 'em!"
he repeated pugilistically.
all those houses,and a woman in each.
don't tell me!
what's the matter with mrsmawson?
what's the matter with miss mawle?
what's the matter with thebaxters, or the gardiners, or mrs evans?"
"i like mrs evans.
i think i almost _love_ the real mrs evans,"cassandra said thoughtfully.
"i have always a feeling that if i were introuble the real mrs evans would understand.
but one so seldom gets aglimpse of her!"
"don't understand what you are talking about.
who else do you get aglimpse of?"
"the vicar's wife," said cassandra, and rising from the table put an endto the discussion.
after lunch the two men sat together smoking and talking, but before theend of half an hour peignton grew restless, and cast about in his mindfor an excuse to escape.
would lady cassandra come for him, or was hesupposed to search for lady cassandra?
in any case the best of the daywas passing, and it was folly to waste time indoors.
he strolled to thewindow, caught sight of a woman's figure among the bushes on the nearerlawn, and lost no time in following.
it was cassandra, as he hadsurmised, cassandra in a knitted coat and cap of a soft rose colourwhich matched the flush on her cheeks; her hands were thrust into herpockets, and she nodded welcome to him with a girlish air.
no girlcould have looked younger, or fresher, or more free from care, and shefelt as free as she looked.
the guilty feeling of the morning haddisappeared, she had forgotten teresa mallison, and her claims, whileher husband's scepticism of the fact that any man should choose to spendan afternoon with her for his own enjoyment, had stirred up latentfounts of coquetry.
peignton should enjoy himself!
she had not yetforgotten how to charm a man.
she would charm him now so that hisafternoon in the spring garden should be a time to be remembered.
sheneed not have troubled.
grave or gay, nothing that she could have saidor done could possibly have failed to charm peignton.
but of that factshe was, as yet, as ignorant as himself.
the south windows of the courtopened on to a stone terrace from which two separate flights of stepsgave access to a succession of gardens, sloping down to the wide stretchof park.
at the head of each stairway, and against the house in thespaces between the windows stood stone vases filled with the gayest ofspring flowers.
the fragrance of them filled the air, their coloursflared gloriously against the dull grey background, and threw intostriking contrast the green severity of the dutch garden immediatelybeneath.
here, later on in the year, the beds would exhibit gayspecimens of the latest development in carpet gardening, but in themeantime they were bare, and the quaintly cut trees and shrubs had agrim, almost funereal austerity.
lower down came a rose garden, withpergolas leading in four separate avenues to a centre dome.
in summerthe rose garden was a fairyland of beauty, but its time was not yet.
the gardeners were busy pruning and training, cleverly inserting newbranches among the old.
peignton noticed that though cassandra gave themen a pleasant greeting, she did not pause for any of the questioning,the propositions, the consultations as to how and where, which truegarden lovers find irresistible under such circumstances.
she led theway to the lily beds, the ferneries, the herbaceous borders, and thesunk garden, all slumbering in the promise of beauty to come, last ofall to the rockery, already ablaze with the gold of alyssum and thepurple of aubretia, the little pockets between the stones filled withevery variety of spring bulb: daffodils of yellow, white, and orange,flaring tulips, early hyacinths, and many-coloured anemones.
after the unbroken greenery of the higher terraces, the rockery appeareda riot of colour, as if the very spirit of spring had chosen it for anabode.
the air was sweet with fragrance, the sloping banks formed aprotection against the breeze; it seemed an ideal position in which topause and rest.
"where," dane asked tentatively, "does one sit?"
"wherever one can.
on the least bumpy stone within reach," cassandrareplied.
she seated herself in illustration upon a boulder covered witha cushion of shaded moss, and immediately began snipping leaves from ashrub of scented verbena, the which she inhaled with languid enjoyment.
"just avoid stalks, and you are all right.
saxifrages _like_ being saton; they are even grateful if you stamp upon them with strong boots, soyou need feel no scruples."
she held the lemon leaf poised in air,studying his face with curious eyes.
"you are rather given to scruples,aren't you?
your conscience is very active!"
"i'm afraid it is," dane said regretfully, as he in his turn selected animpromptu seat.
"my people were all friends, so it's an inheritance.
anonconformist conscience has a terrible persistence; there's no livingit down.
it's been a handicap to me many times, obtruding itself whenit wasn't wanted.
one doesn't seem to have much personal connectionwith one's conscience.
it seems so entirely independent of will, thatthere's no kudos attached to having a lively one, or no blame if he'squiescent.
mine happens to be of the persistent kind, and particularlylong-lived.
he was a worry to me in the nursery; he's a worry to-day.
i don't think--" he paused for a moment, as if judicially weighing hiswords--"i don't think i've ever been able to do wrong with any realsatisfaction!"
they looked at each other and laughed, but cassandra hastily lowered hereyes, affecting to bend over a further bed in search of a new fragrance.
in reality she was afraid that her eyes might show the tenderness ofher heart.
the man's expression as he looked at her had been so full ofgoodness and honesty that the hidden impulse had been to stretch out herown hand and touch his, to stroke it, and hold it close, and say suchfond words as women will, when their hearts are touched.
you dear thing!
what harm have _you_ done?
_your_ consciencemay sit at ease!"
...  with a fellow-woman one would have carried outthe impulse, but convention forbade such sincerities between a man and awoman unconnected by blood.
convention decreed that genuine feelingshould be disguised.
said cassandra lightly.
"oh, _i_ can!
i sinned gloriouslyin short frocks, with never a thought of consequences.
my chum sisterwas my partner in wickedness, we planned all our rebellions together,but when it came to the bit, she missed half the fun.
i could buryeverything in the joy of the moment, and forget there was such a thingas to-morrow...  she had no sooner done the deed, than she began to bevisited by qualms.
i didn't object as much as i might have done, for ifthe sin was edible--and it generally was.--there was so much the moreleft for me.
she used to sit and shiver, and say: `cass, you'll be ill!
what _will_ mother say?'
while i ate up her share."
"and were you ill?"
"i forget," said cassandra, and looked at him with a rebel's eyes.
"buti ate my cake!"
before he had time to answer, suddenly, impetuously she had sprung toher feet, and darted round a corner of the rockery to shelter behind aclump of shrubs.
peignton followed, alert but mystified, but theexplanation came swiftly enough.
from the raised path which curvedthrough the park to the entrance of the house came a familiar whirr, andthe next moment there sped into sight a large grey car carrying two menon the box, and within the tonneau one large, elderly dame.
from thedistance it was not possible to distinguish her face, but cassandrarecognised her all the same, and groaned aloud.
"mrs freune... from bagton.
what _shall_ i do?"
"they'll look for you?"
"she'll make them.
they'll ask the gardeners.
they'll say i'm here."
"let's run away!"
she looked at him and her eyes danced, but the instincts of hospitalityput up a fight.
"it's a long drive!
she'll want tea."
"does she stay long?"
and talks politics into the bargain."
and the german invasion.
there's no avoiding it."
"but it's a crime!
on an afternoon like this, when the sun isshining...  you can't go...""she's driven twelve miles."
"twelve miles in a good car!
she'll enjoy her tea all themore for waiting...  couldn't we--?"
cassandra came a step nearer, her voice sank to the thrilling note inwhich of old she had concocted mischief in the schoolroom.
... there's a summer-house near the north gate.
it has alocked cupboard with things for tea.
i keep them there for my especialuse...  if we ran down this path quickly... before she arrives--""we could have tea there together?
for goodness' sake, let's fly!"
"but your conscience?
the nonconformist conscience?
are you sure youcould enjoy--?"
"she's your visitor, not mine.
i have no scruples.
only give me thechance!"
"on your head be it!"
cried cassandra, and bending low, darted betweenthe shrubs towards a winding path which led in the opposite directionfrom the house.
peignton followed with eager steps.
now that lent was over dinner parties came on with a rush, started, aswas only discreet, with a state gathering at the court, when the countywas invited to welcome the bride.
the vicar and his wife were the solerepresentatives of chumley proper, but dane peignton was in request, asan odd man is bound to be in the countryside.
"it will be deadly dull," cassandra had warned her friend, "but it hasto be done.
brace up, and go through it bravely, and if you don't likeit you need never try again."
"i won't," grizel said frankly.
"a duty is a duty, and has to be donewhether you like it or not, but i choose my pleasures to suit myself.
if i'm amused i'll go,--if i'm not, all the saddles of mutton in theworld won't tempt me.
it always amuses me to be with you, my dear, butjudging from the specimens i've already seen, it's a very, very heavycounty.
the women are heavy in the afternoon.
i tremble to think ofwhat they must be in the drawing-room after dinner.
could i do anythingto jolt them up?
put on a black gown, or do a little skirt dancing, ortell stories?
i could tell some awakening stories!"
but cassandra shook her head and issued her orders.
"you are to wear your wedding dress, and behave yourself like a sweetyoung bride, and do credit to yourself, and to me, and to your husband'sbooks!
when you go to rome, do as the romans do."
when the night of the dinner arrived the sweet young bride repaired toher husband's dressing-room _en route_ from the bathroom to her ownapartment, and squatted on the floor to watch _him_ shave, with herwhite gown wrapped around a foam of lacey under-garments, and her whiteshoes kicked off on to the rug.
she looked young, and fresh, andblooming, and brought with her a delicious odour of violets, and itappeared to afford her intense satisfaction to watch martin lather hischin, and twist it from side to side for the convenience of the safetyrazor.
"darling, you _do_ look plain!
i love you dreadfully when i see youshave.
all that trouble to spare me a beard!
...  don't cut yourself,like a precious.
i do so object to bits of cotton-wool...  doesn't itfeel nice and married to have me sitting here, watching you, in my baretootsies, and knowing that even the vicaress herself could not object?
she'll be there to-night, you know.
what will she wear?--a black satin,cut in a v, with a pendant of agate, and a cap with an aigrette.
i must remember to enquire for the mothers' meeting."
martin, his chin violently undulating, murmured a word which wasevidently of a warning nature, but grizel took no notice.
her handswere clasped round her knees, she was smiling, in a soft reflectivefashion.
"no," she said slowly, "no!
this first year must be just forourselves.--i am so thankful that katrine is away and so happy, for ourown sakes, as well as her own.
i am thankful there are no other nearrelatives to trouble about.
i don't want _anyone_ to come between usthis first year, not even--that!
a year or two alone together we musthave, and then,--we'll pray for twins!"
martin's sureness of hand alone saved him from the necessity ofcotton-wool.
he turned round, smiling, lathered, twinkling with humour.
"why be so greedy?
surely _one_--""no, no--two would be twice as nice.
you get on so slowly with one at atime."
she bent her head still lower, so that her chin rested upon herknees; her golden eyes stared into space, her shoulders heaved with aregretful sigh.
"no," she said at last, "no!
i suppose it would notdo.
triplets _are_ vulgar, but oh, martin, think of it!--_three_ ducks,all in a row, each with its long white tail, and its little ribbonsround its wrists, and its little gold sovereign hanging round itsneck...  the queen's bounty!
and oh, martin, think, think!
what anadvertisement for your books...  it would be in all the papers.
`mrsmartin beverley, wife of the well-known novelist, yesterday became themother of three daughters.
(they must be daughters!)
later enquiriesat the house elicited the news that the mother and family were all doingwell.'"
cried martin, protesting.
"you make meblush."
grizel sighed, and rose to her feet in one swift,astonishingly agile movement.
there's no use gettingagitated before the time.
it might be only twins!"
she strolled out of the room, and seating herself on the chair beforeher own mirror, gave herself into the hands of the waiting maid.
"now then, marie, make me look like a sweet young bride."
marie looked complacent.
it was easy to obey that order, since hermistress was radiant with beauty and happiness, and there lay waiting onthe bed a gown, which looked as if it had been blown straight out of afairy tale for her adornment.
the ordinary white satin was far too dulland substantial to have a place in its concoction.
it was a mass ofcobweb lace of extraordinary antiquity and frailness, mounted on alining of silver gauze.
the fine folds accentuated the reed-likeslimness of grizel's figure, the misty indefiniteness of shading suitedto a marvel the small face, with its white cheeks and amber eyes, thatface which was at once so colourless, and so aglow.
marie looking atthe reflection in the mirror, pushed aside the cases of jewels, andlifting a piece of tulle swathed it lightly round her mistress' head,allowing one long end to flow down the back.
it was unconventional, itwas daring, but the effect was irresistible, and marie stood asideheaving a sigh of triumph.
only the gauze.
in effect--a veil!"
so it came to pass that when mr and mrs beverley made their entranceinto the great drawing-room of the _court_, there came to one and all ofthe assembled guests the impression of a creature half human, halffairy, poised midway between heaven and earth, aglow with that absolute,unshadowed happiness, which is seldom given to mortals to see or toenjoy.
it was indeed the primitive note in grizel's temperament, whichmade such a condition possible.
the least introspective of mortals, sheaccepted happiness as manna from heaven, throve on to-day's supply, andconfidently expected the morrow's supply.
the minor trials, which wouldhave dimmed the rapture of another bride, pricked her for the moment,and were then cast aside, and dismissed from thought, as completely asthough they had never existed.
there were occasions when suchabstraction brought about material _contretemps_, but of the mentallightening there could be no doubt.
everyone in the room received the same impression of radiance as thebride entered, but on the different minds the impression acteddifferently.
the vicar's wife, clad as had been foretold, in blacksatin and aigretted cap, but showing a pendant of cameo, instead ofagate, on the discreet decolletage, felt a sudden unreasoningdisposition towards tears, and the good man, her husband, breathed amental "god keep her!"
but the hon.
mrs mawson was distinctly shocked.
she was the evangelical magnate whose religion seemed largely to consistin disapproving of other people's enjoyments, and the bride's obtrusivehappiness appeared to her as a deliberate "tempting of providence."
moreover, she disapproved of the costume as theatrical and unusual.
whynot satin, like everybody else?
and no jewels!
the niece of ladygriselda dundas must possess jewels of price.
then why that bare neck?
mrs mawson was wearing her own rubies, and took it as a personal slightthat the bride had come to meet her unadorned.
midway between the two extremes flowed the general verdict, but grizelwas blissfully unconscious of criticism.
she went through the necessarygreetings of acquaintances, among whom she was surprised to recogniseteresa mallison, and then exchanged a few words with her hostess beforeleading the way to dinner on the squire's arm.
cassandra looked as usual, both tired and vivid; she gave a caressingpressure to her friend's elbow, and murmured softly:"exquisite.
...  talk hard, grizel, for pity's sake--talk hard!
the atmosphere is freezing.
at the last moment monafenchurch sent a wire.
i had to send for teresa.
she's so goodabout filling gaps."
grizel said significantly.
of course teresa was delightedto come, especially when by good luck it was peignton's predestinedpartner who had fallen out!
she stood by his side now--flushed, silent,a trifle gauche, for it was something of an ordeal to meet the peoplewho politely ignored her existence in the life of the neighbourhood.
grizel divined something of the cause of the girl's embarrassment, andsent her a smile of beaming friendliness.
all had turned out forthe best.
nobody wanted mona fenchurch for the pleasure of her company,and her absence had paved the way to a lovers' meeting.
captainpeignton looked supremely content, and how sensible of the girl to stickto blue!
teresa, however, was not at all self-congratulatory on the subject ofher gown.
if she had had a day's notice,--even half a day, she couldhave dashed up to town, and equipped herself in something newer, andmore worthy of the occasion.
she was miserably conscious that the bluedress was past its freshness, and had already paid several visits to thecourt.
the dinner which followed was lengthy and stately.
it was alsoundeniably dull!
at one end of the table grizel chatted and leant herelbows on the table, and kept the squire in complacent chuckles oflaughter, but their gaiety, instead of spreading, seemed to throw intogreater contrast the forced conversations of the other guests.
with theexception of teresa mallison they were all elderly people, who haddriven over many miles of country to perform a social duty, and neitherexpected nor received any pleasure in its execution.
they all knew eachother, met at intervals, and discoursed together on the same well-worntopics.
lady rose talked garden, and was an expert on bulbs.
sirgeorge everley, her partner, described all bulbs vaguely as daffodils,lived simply and solely for "huntin'," and would in all probability diefor it another day.
the vicar's partner lived for bridge, and his wifehad fallen to the share of an old general who looked upon food and drinkas the events of the moment, and had no intention of losing a goodchance.
long years of dining out had made him an expert at the game ofstarting his partner on a hobby during an interval between courses, andthen giving her her head until the next stop.
and what is thelatest good work in the parish, mrs evans, eh, what?"
he enquiredgenially, as he waited the advent of fish, and then with the help of a,"did you though?
god bless my soul!
he was leftfree to enjoy his fare, and make mental notes on the flavouring of thesauce, until such time as he had leisure to give mrs evans another leadon the vexed question of the choir.
lord kew sat on cassandra's left side, and threw depressed crumbs ofconversation to his companion, the stout wife of the huntin' squire.
itwas said of lord kew that he could not talk for five minutes togetherwithout bringing in the german invasion, and his conviction that englandwas galloping headlong to the dogs.
he prophesied as much to thesquire's wife in less than the prescribed time, and she said that"something ought to be done," and seizing on the word "dog" introducedto his notice her two pet chows.
from time to time also cassandrahelped her along with a few words, leaving martin to make theacquaintance of his right-hand neighbour, who had heard of his books,and really must get them from the library.
"do you write under your ownname?"
teresa sat like a poker, still and silent, vouchsafing monosyllabicreplies to the formalities of a county magnate, about whom she kneweverything, but who had got it firmly impressed into his sluggish brainthat she was someone else, and accordingly insisted upon referring topeople and incidents of whom she had never heard.
now and then came ahappy moment when peignton gave her his attention, and smiledencouragement into her eyes, but he was working hard to rouse a chillylady to animation, and even on occasion throwing an occasional boldchallenge across the table, where a couple seemed settling down intopermanent silence.
teresa had the impression that dane was putting aside his own amusementas something entirely subservient to the general good.
it was almost asthough he felt a responsibility, and was working for a reward.
shenever suspected that the reward came more than once in a glance fromcassandra's eyes, and a smile of appreciation flashed down the length oftable.
cassandra's head and neck rose above the banked-up flowers, hercheeks were flushed, the stars of emeralds on her throat sent out greenflames of light, she looked brilliant and beautiful, a fittingchatelaine for the stately old house, but it was not her beauty whichappealed to peignton's heart; it was the subtle _want_ whichmysteriously he felt able to supply.
he did not trouble himself toenquire into the nature of this strong mutual sympathy, for he was apractical man accustomed to do the next thing, and not trouble about thefuture.
to-night cassandra was a hostess struggling with an unusually depressingset of guests, and he expended himself to help her.
looking up thelength of table, grizel's face was like a flowering shrub in an avenueof cedars.
peignton looked at her and felt a pang of something likeanger.
_she_ was content enough!
she had everything she wanted.
things were cursedly unfair...in the drawing-room grizel as the bride was handed round for five-minuteconversations, and being in an amiable mood exerted herself to be allthings to all women.
she talked "huntin'" and she talked bridge, sheasked advice concerning her garden, she listened sweetly to details ofmay meetings, and vouchsafed copious and entirely untrue descriptions ofan author at home; only with the vicar's wife did she allow herself theprivilege of being natural, and saying what she really meant.
mrs evans was elderly and stout, parochial and intensely proper.
grizel was young and unconventional to an extreme, yet beneath thedissimilarity there existed a sympathy between the two women which bothdivined, and both failed equally to understand.
grizel knew that mrs evans's brain viewed her with suspicion, but shewas complacently aware that mrs evans's heart was not in sympathy withher brain.
was it not exactly the same in her own case?
mentally shehad pronounced the vicar's wife a parochial bore, the type ofmiddle-aged orthodox, prudish woman whom her soul abhorred, but, as amatter of fact, she did not abhor her at all, for the eyes of the soulsaw down beneath the stiffness and the propriety, and recognised aconnecting link.
"if i were in trouble, i'd like to put my head down on her nice broadshoulder, and,--she'd like to have me there!"
cried grizel, sinking down in a soft little swirl of lace andsilver by the side of the chair which held the portly black satin form,and resting one little hand on its arm with a gesture of half-caressingintimacy.
are the mothers still meeting?"
mrs evans preened herself, and did her honest best to look distressed.
"my dear, i am afraid you _mean_ to be naughty!"
grizel nodded cheerily.
"i do...  aren't you glad?
it's no use pretending to be shocked.
youhave a whole parish-full of proper people who do what they ought, andsay what they should, and i come in as a refreshing change.
besides, ireally mean quite well!
who knows,--after half a dozen years of chumleyinfluence, i may be as douce and staid as any one of them!"
at this point the obvious thing for mrs evans to do was plainly toexpress a hope such might be the case; she knew it, and opened her mouthto utter the aspiration, but as she did so she inclined her head to lookdown into the dimpling radiance of the bride's face, and once again herheart softened, and she felt that mysterious pricking at the back of hereyes.
"my dear," she said gently, "i--i think i prefer you as you are!"
grizel did not answer, but her eyes softened, and she slipped her handan inch forward so that it pressed against the black satin sleeve.
shewas thinking happily that she had already two friends in chumley,cassandra, and--the vicar's wife!
seeing a pause in the conversation, a small woman in pink satin made aswoop for the seat next the bride, and eyed her with a bright, birdlikesmile.
this was mrs fotheringham (with a small "f"), a lady whocombined having nothing to say with a positively uninterrupted flow ofconversation.
she overcame the apparent difficulty by pouring forth aflood of personal questions, from the storehouse of a curiosity whichknew no bounds.
she pounced upon grizel now, as a hawk pounces upon itsprey.
"so pleased to meet you to-night.
so unfortunate to miss you when icalled.
i've been so longing to meet you.
knew you so well by name.
you were miss grizel dundas?"
"niece of lady griselda?"
"lived with her, didn't you?
sort of adopted child?"
"all your life?"
"but of course you had parents?--""no--"the "no" was devilment pure and simple, and gave mrs fotheringham whatis technically described as a "sensation."
she jerked, stared, andfinally forced a wooden laugh.
"oh, i see.
stupid of me.
died, i suppose, at your birth?"
very eccentric, wasn't she?
lady griselda, i mean.
i'veheard that she was exceedingly--""she was."
"but you got on with her?
must have done, of course, or she wouldnot...  quite attached to you, i suppose?"
and you stayed with her until her death, and marriedimmediately after?
it was immediately after, was it not?"
"so nice for you that you had mr beverley.
he must be a proud man.
not many women would have given up so much.
but i'm sure you neverregret it?"
"oh, but i do!"
she was getting bored by this time, and decided that this might be afavourable point at which to end the catechism, so she rose and strolledacross the room, leaving mrs fotheringham to express her consternationto the nearest listener.
did you hear?
she said she _does_!"
but mrs evans had known the question-monger from a child, and stoodupon no ceremony.
"you had no right to put such a question, flora.
it was impertinent.
mrs beverley answered in the only manner possible, by turning it into ajoke."
"i suppose so.
it must have been a joke.
she _looks_ happy."
the birdlike eyes roved towards martin, who had just entered the roomwith the other men, and subjected him to a curious scrutiny.
"_do_ youthink he looks worth it?"
"my dear, it is immaterial what i think!
how can any outsider judge ofthe worth which another woman's husband represents to herself?
it's nota question of credentials.
it's a question of _fit_!"
half an hour later the squire buttonholed peignton in a corner of theroom, and gave him his instructions.
"i've ordered the car for miss mallison.
see her safely home, will you,and take it on to your own place?
might as well do two good turns whileit's about it."
his look gave significance to the words, and peignton could not do lessthan declare his pleasure at the suggestion.
as a matter of fact,however, it was not pleasure of which he was conscious at that moment,but something unaccountably like disappointment.
he had not expected the evening to end so soon; he was unwilling to bedismissed.
throughout the long dinner he had been subconsciouslylooking forward to something to come; and he now felt defrauded andchilled.
he had imagined that he would have had five minutes' talk withlady cassandra--that they would laugh together, and in the meeting ofeyes exchange confidences which it would have been indiscreet to putinto words, but cassandra was surrounded by guests of honour, andapparently oblivious of his presence.
she turned with a start as he approached her with teresa by his side,and received the girl's adieux with a gracious smile.
captain peignton going to see you home.
it was really noble of you to come to the rescue.
so very many thanks!"
her manner to the girl was all that could be wished, but as she turnedto peignton there came an unmistakable chill.
her face, her voice, thefleeting touch of her hand were alike cold, devoid of friendship.
cassandra was disappointed too, and, womanlike, vented her displeasureon her fellow-sufferer.
she also had looked forward to a few briefmoments of communion after the emptiness of the evening.
she also hadthe baffled feeling of one who has waited for naught.
the while shelistened to lady mawson's dreary pronouncements she watched the darkfigure follow the girl from the room, and a pang pierced her heart.
"oh, to be young!
to be young,--and to be loved!"
peignton struggled into his coat, and muttered savagely when a studcaught in the lining.
his usual mood was so serene that this suddenirritability and depression was as puzzling as it was disagreeable.
heasked himself curtly what the devil was wrong, and made a swift mentalsummary of the wine consumed at dinner.
nothing wrong, but theseelaborate feasts were not in his line.
they bored him stiff.
anothertime he would decline...at this point teresa made her appearance wrapped in a white opera cloak,with her mother's best lace scarf draped over her head, and dane'sdepression lightened, as he smiled at her and took his place by her sidein the car.
he felt a pleasant sense of intimacy as the door shut, andthey were alone together speeding through the darkened park.
he hadbeen thinking a good deal of marriage lately, more than he had ever donebefore, but he did not realise that at the same time he had beenthinking less of teresa.
he thought of her now, warmed by her presence,and by the natural rebound from his fit of irritation.
she lookedpretty in that white kit,--that lace over her face was uncommonlybecoming.
he had divined the difficulty of her position during theevening, pitchforked among a number of people who as a rule ignored herexistence, and he had admired the quiet composure of her manner.
a nicelittle girl.
a dear little girl.
a pretty, clever, uncommonly sensiblelittle girl.
teresa looked up, met the approval in his eyes, and thrilled withhappiness.
the evening had come as an unexpected and golden ending to along dull day.
at tea-time she had been dismally counting over the dayswhich had elapsed since her last sight of peignton, dismally realisingthat no mutual engagements lay ahead, and then suddenly the summons hadarrived which had placed her by his side during the length of that longdinner, and, best of all, ensured this _tete-a-tete_ drive in thefriendly dimness.
surely now--if he cared at all, he would open hisheart--but peignton was far from such an intention; he was opening his lips tomake some casual remark, half-bantering, half-caressing, as had grown tobe his habit when with teresa, when there suddenly came about one ofthose small happenings which are monumental in their effect on life.
the chauffeur, steering out of the lodge gate, took a sharp turn, andthe inner wheels of the car descended into the ditch.
he was a skilfuldriver, and as a rule careful enough, but the necessity of turning outat night for the convenience of an insignificant guest had tried histemper, and he was not unwilling to prejudice miss mallison against arepetition of the drive.
in any case, the swerve was startling enough,and teresa, feeling herself sinking through space, instinctively threwout her hands and grasped the nearest object.
for the moment she wasunconscious that that object was dane himself; she simply found support,and clung, and dane's arms held her fast.
two or three violent wrenchesfollowed, as the whole strength of the car struggled to mount theincline, and meantime, locked in each other's arms, the man and the girlswayed together, this way and that, backwards and forwards, until with afinal jerk and groan the roadway was reached.
all the time teresa hadnot uttered a sound, but now that safety was assured, a sobbing breathquavered from between her lips.
it was a pathetic little sound, likethe sob of a child in pain, and the red lips were very near.
from pureinstinct, rather than any definite intention, peignton bent stillnearer, and kissed those lips into silence, murmuring gentle words ofencouragement.
"poor girl--poor dear!
it's all over...  we are all right now.
you arenot frightened, teresa?"
he held her fast, resisting a faint movement to escape.
he did not wanther to go.
he wanted to hold her, to kiss her again, and feel her lipstremble against his own.
the sore, wounded feeling of the evening haddisappeared, his heart was beating with strong, rapid strokes.
theelectric lamp showed the girl's face flushed and tremulous, the eyesshyly drooping before his own.
he bent over her and whispered aquestion, knowing full well what the answer would be, but wanting tohear it, all the same.
"are you angry with me for kissing you, teresa?"
the girl shook her head.
her low voice sounded young and sweet.
"oh, no...  i'm glad!"
"why are you glad?"
"because you,--you _care_!"
said teresa, trembling.
for a breath dane hesitated, and in that pause something ominous grippedat his heart, and like a man who has made a false step on the edge of aprecipice he saw a glimpse of an abyss; but the next moment youth andblood rose to the appeal, and he kissed the soft lips once and again,murmuring appropriate protestations.
"of course i care--who wouldn't?
i've cared a long time...  and youcare too?
you do care for me, teresa?"
the answer came with a fervour which could not fail to be infectious.
"enough--some day--to be my wife?
i wish i had more to offer you,little girl!"
"oh, i want nothing, i want nothing.
i would marry you if you were aworkman in a cottage.
sooner--than a _king_!"
it was true.
the girl's voice rang with a sincerity of passion, whichwas startling in its contrast to the man's light tones, and peignton,realising the contrast, was at once touched and abashed.
"you dear girl!"
he said softly.
"thank you, dear.
i'm not worth it,but--i'll be good to you, teresa!
you shall never regret it."
teresa laughed at the absurdity of the thought.
it seemed impossiblethat anything in the nature of regret, or grief, or anxiety, or evenboredom could ever again cloud her heart.
she had reached the pinnacleof her desires.
to know that dane loved her meant absolute, uncloudedhappiness.
he would go on loving her.
therefore she would go on beingblissful and content.
as in the fairy tales, they would be happy everafter.
"i never knew that it was possible to be so happy!"
sighedteresa in her heart.
teresa entered the quiet house, cast a look at the drawing-room door,and realised with relief that her mother had retired to bed.
probablyshe would be awake, and would expect the returning daughter to enter herroom in passing, and give a history of the evening's adventures, butteresa had no intention of doing anything of the sort.
pausing for amoment in the hall, she took off her slippers and crept noiselessly pastthe dreaded portals up to the third floor.
to-morrow morning therewould be reprisals, but she had news to tell which would speedily turnthe tide.
the flood of questions and curiosities which were bound toflow from the maternal lips would be intolerable to-night, neverthelessteresa felt the need of speech.
the relief, the joy, the triumph of themoment seemed more than she could endure alone.
she needed someone tolisten, not to talk, and mary had been trained by long years ofself-abnegation to fill that post.
teresa entered her sister's room and turned on the electric switch.
mary lay asleep, her face showing yellow against the whiteness of thepillow, her hair screwed together in a walnut-like knob at the top ofher head.
she stirred, opened listless eyes to stare at her sister, andautomatically struggled to a sitting position.
"got back?--do you--is there anything you want?"
teresa sat down on the side of the bed and threw back her cloak.
in theplainly furnished bedroom her blue dress became at once a rich andgorgeous garment, the trifling ornament on her neck gleamed with a newsplendour; to mary's dazzled eyes she appeared a vision of beauty andhappiness.
"what should i want?
you funny old martha!
yourthoughts never get away from housekeeping.
i don't want anything; notone single thing in the whole wide world.
i've got so much already thati can hardly bear it...  mary!
he _does_ care.
he askedme to-night."
asked mary blankly, and teresa, staring at her in indignation,realised that, incredible as it appeared, this ignorance was real, notfeigned.
a pricking of curiosity made itself felt; since this mostobtuse of sisters had noticed nothing between herself and dane, it wouldbe interesting to see whom she would select as a possible _fiance_.
shesmiled, and said, "guess!"
"mr hunter," said mary promptly.
teresa was transfixed with surprise at theunexpectedness of the reply, for gerald hunter, the young partner of thelocal doctor, had come to the neighbourhood some months later than danehimself, by which time she had no attention to bestow upon another man.
hunter was a member of the tennis club, he made a welcome addition tolocal dances and bridge teas; occasionally on sunday afternoons he hadcalled and stayed to tea.
teresa was aware that he had a darkcomplexion, a strong, overhand serve, and a dancing step which went wellwith her own, but beyond these preliminaries her mind had not troubledto go.
"what on earth made you think it was gerald hunter?"
"he admires you."
teresa glanced complacently into the tilted mirror whichshowed a reflection of flaxen hair, pink cheeks, and rounded shoulders,sufficiently attractive to merit any man's admiration.
the same law ofcontrast which made the dress appear rich and elaborate came intooperation as regards its wearer.
the mirror reflected the faces of bothsisters, and it was not unnatural that teresa should feel a thrill ofpleasure at her own fair looks.
but that's different.
lotsof people may _admire_.
guess again, mary!
somebody far, far moreexciting than mr hunter."
but mary shook her head.
"if it's not mr hunter, i don't know.
tell me yourself."
oh, mary, why didn't you guess?
i've cared always--from the very first hour i saw him, and i knew he cared too, i was sureof it--and yet, one _can't_ be sure!
when one cares so much, it seemstoo good to be true.
he is so different from anyone else in this stupidlittle place.
he belongs to the world, and to people like... like thepeople i met to-night, not to our poor, prosy little set.
he was themost popular man there.
he talked, and they listened; he made thingsgo.
they all liked him, and admired him.
he has been here only a fewmonths, and they all treat him as a friend, and oh, mary!
you know whatthey are like to _us_?
if it hadn't been for him i should have feltlike a fish out of water.
they gushed, of course, they always gush, butone felt so apart.
old sir henry sat on my other side, and persisted inmistaking me for miss pell, and talked of things i knew nothing about.
i am sure they were all wondering what on earth i was doing up there.
what will they think to-morrow when they hear!
i'm going to announce itat once.
i want everyone to know.
i'd like to shout it from the churchtower...  oh, mary, isn't it splendid?
don't you think i am theluckiest girl...  don't you think it is wonderful that he should carefor me?"
"yes...  does he?"
there was an incredulity in the voice in which the words were put whicharrested teresa in her flow of eloquence.
she stared with lips agape,her blue eyes darkening in amaze.
does he care?...
you ask me that!
what are you dreamingabout?
if he didn't care, why in the world should he ask me to be hiswife?
we are not rich; we are not grand.
ours is not exactly a_lively_ family for a man to marry into.
he might have chosen a girl insuch a different position.
why should he choose me?"
mary pulled the blankets over her thin chest, and appeared to considerthe matter, her eyes resting on her sister's face with a coolly criticalscrutiny.
"perhaps because--you wanted him to!
you generally do manage to getwhat you want, don't you, teresa?"
teresa straightened herself with an air of offence.
"there was no _management_ about this, anyhow!
whatever i wanted, ididn't give myself away.
i never ran after him and made myself cheap,as some girls do.
it's horrid of you to suggest such a thing.
did iever show that i cared for him when he was here?
i can't have done, oryou would not have been so surprised when you heard of our engagement."
"i knew you cared for him.
you had a perfectly different face when hewas in the room.
we all knew.
we were sorry for you, because wethought he didn't return it.
mother was thinking of sending you to auntemma's."
"oh, she was, was she!"
teresa tossed her head once more, but the innerhappiness was too great to allow of more than a passing irritation.
shestretched out her hand, and gripped her sister by the arm.
you are horrid.
not one single nice word yet, not onecongratulation, when i came in at once to tell you before anyone in theworld!
if it had been mother, she'd have been hanging round my neck inhysterics of excitement, but you do nothing but lie there and croak, andthrow cold water.
i'm your own sister--does it seem so extraordinarythat a man should want to marry me?
mary, be _nice_!
won't you be glad to have a married sister, and all the fun andexcitement of a wedding in the house?"
echoed mary, and shuddered eloquently.
in imagination she sawher mother collecting store catalogues, comparing prices to the fractionof a penny, and dictating innumerable notes.
in imagination she sawherself spending week after week eternally sewing for teresa, markingfor teresa, running ribbons through teresa's _lingerie_, unpackingteresa's presents, packing teresa's boxes, tidying, arranging, slavingfor teresa, while teresa herself paid calls, and sat with her lover inthe drawing-room.
all these things she would do when the time came, anddo them meekly and well, but in the doing there would be no "fun."
there was no lightsomeness of spirit in the mallison household to easethe strain of small duties, or turn a _contretemps_ into a joke.
mrsmallison's heart would swell with pride at the prospect of providing anoutfit for the future mrs dane peignton; she would say and believe thatthe whole responsibility was borne on her shoulders; nevertheless, thepreparation of that outfit would add years to the lives of every humancreature beneath her roof.
"i can't say that i look forward to the wedding itself, but i hope youwill be happy.
it would be nice for one of us to be happy.
captainpeignton is a good man; i hope he will be happy too."
mary hesitated,and a pathetic curiosity showed itself in her face.
"i suppose youcouldn't tell me what he said?"
teresa shook her head.
"of _course not_!
...  very little really.
it was in the car.
the manran us into the ditch.
i was frightened, and... and then, of course--hecomforted me!
we got home so quickly that there was not much time.--heis coming to-morrow morning."
mary nodded, a light of comprehension brightening her eyes.
"you are quite sure he meant it?
you are always so sure that you areright, and that everything ought to go as you wish.
don't be too sureof him, teresa!
even if you are properly engaged, don't be too sure.
he has only met you now and again for an hour at a time, and seen thatyou were young and pretty, and good at games.
now he will see youoften.
he may be disappointed and change his mind!"
"am i so much worse than i appear?"
"i didn't mean worse."
"then what _did_ you mean?
not better, evidently.
what do you expecthim to find out when he knows me better?"
there's nothing to find."
teresa rose with an elaborate flutter of garments, and stood tall andstraight by the bedside.
"i'd better go.
it is evidently not the slightest use talking to youto-night.
i think you have been very unsisterly and disagreeable.
iwish i had never come in.
i was so happy, and you have done nothing butthrow cold water.
are you jealous, mary, that you are so unkind?"
mary gave her back look for look.
a dull flush showed itself on hercheek-bones.
"would it be such a wonderful thing if i were?
i _am_ jealous; ofcourse i am jealous.
i have every reason to be jealous.
you geteverything, teresa; and i get nothing.
it has always been like that,and it always will be.
you are strong, and i am weak; you are pretty,and i am plain; you are popular, and i am dull.
you are masterful, andget your own way, and i am cowardly, and am beaten; but because one isdull, and cowardly, and plain, it doesn't follow that one can't feel--itdoesn't follow that one can't _ache_!
i have ached for this all mylife, and it has come to you.
no one ever cared for me, but i shouldhave made a good wife.
i should have loved him more than you will everlove.
you have wasted so much love on yourself, but i had it all togive.
i loved a man once, as you love captain peignton, but he neverthought of me.
he married a girl with a pretty face, and lived close tous for nearly two years.
mother used to invite them here, and send mewith messages to the house.
i could not look out of the window withoutseeing them together, walking down the street, sitting in the garden.
my bedroom window overlooked their summer-house.
i used to see him comein and kiss her."
"i should have gone mad!
poor old mary!
but why did you stand it?
ishould have gone away, and done something."
mary asked, and teresa was silent.
mary had a way of askingquestions which were impossible to answer.
what _could_ mary do?
shewas one of the vast army of middle-class daughters brought up to donothing, and thereby as hopelessly imprisoned as any slave of old.
shepossessed no natural gifts nor accomplishments, she lacked the trainingwhich would have ensured excellence in any one department of domesticwork, she was devoid of a personality which would make her merecompanionship of marketable value.
what could mary do, and who wouldcare to engage mary to do it?
teresa was silent, finding no reply.
shestood hesitating by the bedside, sympathetic but impatient.
she wassorry; of course she was sorry, but to-night she wanted to be glad.
itwould have been better to have gone straight to her room.
"i couldn't go away," mary continued slowly, "but they went--after twoyears!
i fought so hard to deaden myself that i might not feel, that iseem to have been half dead ever since.
it's eight years since theyleft.
i don't love him now.
i don't think of him for months at a time;but that was my love affair, teresa.
there was never anyone else.
there never will be now, and life goes on just the same year after year.
it's wicked, i suppose, but i wonder sometimes why women like me wereever born."
"mary, you are very useful.
you work so hard--you are always working."
said mary, sighing.
things with myhands.
but a woman is not _all_ hands."
she hitched the blankets oncemore, and lay back on the pillow.
"you'd better go to bed.
"good night, mary; good old mary!
you shall come and stay with me in myhouse, and i'll give you a real good time."
teresa turned away, eager to make her escape.
she did not kiss hersister, for kisses were not frequent in the mallison family, and thesudden unlocking of mary's sealed lips left an effect of strangeness, asif some stranger had taken her place.
it was disturbing anddisagreeable to realise that mary could _feel_!
she opened the doorsoftly and was stepping over the threshold when mary's voice called inan urgent note.
sighed teresa to herself, and stoodstill to listen.
"did you remember to turn out the hall light?"
the news of teresa mallison's engagement provided chumley with anexcitement which was shared equally by every section of the community.
tradesmen discussed it with their assistants, message boys overheard,and took it home in the dinner hour, as an important item of news whichmother would be able to bestow on other members of the coal club andmothers' meeting.
"that fair girl of mallison's, she hooked him up atbagnor!
peignton they call him.
fair chap as drives a dog-cart."
domestic servants discussed the engagement with the maids next door, andopined that the old major would be glad to get rid of one of them.
wherever a couple of matrons stood together on the pavement of the highstreet, or a cluster of girls stood holding bicycles in the roadwayitself, it would have been safe to bet that the subject of discussionwas that of the latest engagement.
"have you heard the news?"
you haven't heard?
oh, i _am glad_ to be the one totell you.
the speaker's voice would swell to a note oftriumph, she would fall back a step the better to contemplate thesurprise, the excitement, on the face of the listener.
here the informant would execute a little prance ofexcitement.
"it is," captain peignton.
_isn't_ it exciting?
the mostinteresting engagement for years.
mrs mallison is beaming.
the listener would enthuse in her turn, sometimes wholeheartedly,sometimes with an undercurrent of sadness or regret.
mothers of agingdaughters knew a vicarious pang, the daughters themselves smiledbrilliantly and ached within, but the general note was praise of teresa,pride in teresa, an assumption that teresa had accomplished a laudablework, and had raised herself a head and shoulders above her fellows.
such is the general opinion in english country towns, where the educatedfemales of the population exceed the male by a round ten to one.
as fordane himself, he was the passive member in the transaction.
he had been"caught."
teresa had "caught" him.
it was said in no spirit ofunkindness, but it was said all the same.
every voice said it, everysmile, every nod of the head and knowing arch of the brow.
the best match in the town!
grizel, like most other matrons, heard the news outside the grocer'sshop in the high street.
the night before martin had sighed over thegrocer's bill, and that sigh had sent his wife speeding out of the houseby eleven o'clock the next morning, fired with determination to become amodel housekeeper forthwith, and deliver her own orders in person.
interviewed before starting, cook acknowledged that robson's _was_ high,but had no further explanation to offer than that "it _did_ run up!"
the young man called every morning, and there was always "something,"but chumley matrons had repeatedly warned grizel that that young manshould _not_ call.
it was death and destruction to let cooks order atthe door.
orders should be given in the shop, and delivered later inthe van.
grizel had hesitated, and advanced a counter-plea.
"but the van-man is quite old, and orders is such an attractive youth.
it's hard on poor cook!"
but now martin had frowned, and the lines hadshowed in his forehead, and she could have found it in her heart toimprison cook in a nunnery for life.
mr robson, senior, hurried forward to attend in person to a customer ofdistinction, and took advantage of the occasion to direct her attentionto a number of new and delectable goods, positively the latest things onthe market.
fruits preserved whole, and so cleverly as to be hardlydistinguishable from fresh; glass shapes of rare and costly edibles, allready for the table; sauces, condiments, appetising novelties inbiscuits.
grizel displayed the liveliest interest, tasted, with relish,whenever a taste was practicable, and ordered half-dozens of eachnovelty in turn.
mr robson pointed out that there was a reduction upontaking half a dozen, and grizel had set her heart on reduction.
thesize of the bill gave her a disagreeable shock, however, and she leftthe shop feeling decidedly crestfallen, to fall into the arms of mrsgardiner and mrs evans, who were standing just outside.
the sight of mrs beverley emerging from a provision store, like anyordinary prosaic housekeeper, was surprising enough to put the subjectof the latest engagement into the background while the good ladiesgreeted her, and stealthily examined the details of her toilette.
"good morning, mrs beverley.
it is a surprise to see _you_ here!
noneed to ask how you are.--you look the picture of health."
"i'm not really.
i'm bowed low with care.
my domestic troubles arelike my wedding presents, numerous and costly.
the worst of all is thegrocer.
i never knew that a grocer's shop was so alluring!
i thoughtit was all teas and pickles, and dull things for cleaning that one can'teat, but it's a fiery furnace of temptation.
i've been in ten minutesand i've spent pounds...  and i came myself because i wanted to save!"
the matrons' smile bore a touch of pathos.
they themselves had sufferedfrom grocers' bills for many years, and knew the inevitableness thereof.
every woman who is at the head of a household must shoulder the burdenof the grocer's bill, and bear it bravely, for it is hers for life.
assiduous, unceasing care may at times relieve the pressure, but therecan be no escape; the smallest slackening of care, and the burdenpresses once again, weighing her to the earth.
on almost any other subject the listeners would have been ready toconverse with the interesting bride, but when it came to a choicebetween grocer's bills and a new engagement, the engagement won at acanter.
"we were just discussing an exciting piece of news!"
mrs gardinersaid, smiling.
"you have heard already, i suppose.
everybody istalking about it!"
grizel's face brightened instantly into the most agreeable animation.
tell me...  _what_ is it?
somebody run away with somebody else'swife?"
mrs evans frowned disapproval.
"this is not london.
i amthankful to say we don't do such things.
we were speaking of anengagement in which we are much interested.
you know the girl, ofcourse.
we are so pleased to know of her happiness."
"so am i.  i love girls to be happy.
i'd like them all to be engagedand married to-morrow to husbands nearly as nice as mine.
and she hassuch a ripping complexion...  who is the happy man?"
this was the thrilling point.
mrs gardiner beamed with importance.
grizel's chin dropped; she stood stock-still, staring with big eyes.
why and wherefore she had no idea, but the news was subtly unwelcome anddisturbing.
she had imagined that the _fiance_ would be the curate, thedoctor, the manager of the branch bank--never for one moment had itentered her mind to think of dane peignton filling the role.
her mindchronicled a picture of him as she had seen him last, bidding good nightto cassandra raynor at the conclusion of the dinner party two nightsbefore.
she had studied him with critical eyes, acknowledging hisattractiveness, and--like others before her--wondering wherein theattraction lay, but concerning one thing she had known no uncertainty,she had known that he had been bored to leave so early!
there had beennothing of the eager lover about him, as he turned with teresa to thedoor.
grizel felt the flatness of her own voice as she asked: "when?
i didn't know...""only on tuesday.
after the dinner party at the court, i believe.
hebrought her home.
of course you were there, and saw them together.
didn't you suspect?"
grizel shook her head.
"i should not have suspected if i'dmet them a hundred times.
she is not all the kind of girl i should haveexpected--"mrs evans was seized with a small, tickling cough, and grizel, lookingat her, met a glance of warning.
she hesitated, and compromised.
"i hardly know her, of course.
she must be nice if he likes her.
he isa charming man."
mrs gardiner allowed herself the relief of a phantom sniff.
mrsbeverley she considered was putting on "side."
she had known dane andteresa for precisely the same length of time, yet she spoke of one as afriend, of the other as the merest acquaintance.
it was but anotherexample of county _versus_ town, and as such to be personally resented.
"i am very much attached to teresa mallison.
she is a very nice,well-brought-up girl.
she will make him an excellent wife.
i think heis very much to be congratulated," she said stiffly, and the littlespeech was memorable, inasmuch as it was the only one delivered in thehigh street that day, in which dane himself was singled out forcongratulation!
"are you walking towards home, mrs beverley?
perhaps we might go sofar together," said the vicar's wife, as mrs gardiner nodded adieu, andentered the grocer's shop, and the two women turned into a side street,composed of those dreary stucco-faced little villas which seem thespecial abode of insurance agents and dressmakers.
the houses continuedbut a short way, and then gave place to nursery gardens, and scatteredhabitations of a better type.
grizel hated the mean little houses, notfor any sympathy for the inconvenience which they must cause to theirinhabitants, but because she herself was bound to pass them on her wayto the high street.
she amused herself by planning wholesale fires, inwhich entire terraces would be devoured, and in a hazy, indefinitefashion had decided that such a catastrophe would be profitable for theinsurance agents, as well as for herself.
trying for the dressmakers,of course, but then dressmakers spent their lives in being trying toother people.
let them take their turn!
this morning, however, grizel was oblivious of the villas, she waspeering into mrs evans's large face, and saying tentatively:"you stopped me...  why shouldn't i say it?
if i don't think missmallison _is_ the right girl, why mayn't i--""these things get repeated.
one can't be too careful.
i make it a ruleto be silent, if i find myself unable to say what is agreeable."
"how dull you would be!
i say _would_, because it isn't true.
you'rescolding me now, and i'm sure that's not agreeable!
dear mrs evans, doyou think it is a suitable engagement?"
"dear mrs beverley, how can i judge?
can anyone in the world decidewhom a man or a woman will choose?"
"they can't, but they can guess pretty well whom they _won't_!
you knowthem both, captain peignton and miss mallison; can you imagine themliving together, and being satisfied all their lives?"
the older woman looked at the bride in silence.
hundreds of couples hadshe seen kneeling hand in hand in the chancel of the church, cheerfullyplighting a troth which bound them together till death should them part,and of how many could it be said that they were satisfied!
she knew toowell into what a prosaic compromise the lives of many of these loversdegenerated, but she would have felt it a sacrilege to say as much tothis bride of the happy eyes, and the gay, unclouded heart.
"my dear," she said slowly, "if they think so themselves, it's not myplace to judge.
it often puzzles one to understand why people chooseone another, but i am a strong believer in nature!
nature is alwaysworking out her own great plan, and she dictates for the good of therace.
you see it all around--the dark chooses the light, the tallchooses the short, the fat chooses the thin, the brilliant woman marriesa sportsman, the man of letters a gentle house-frau.
nature hasdictated in this case.
captain peignton is not too strong, and hisnerves have been taxed: teresa doesn't know what nerves are.
i neverknew a more healthy, normal girl."
"mrs evans, you have known her for ages.
do _you_ think she isinteresting?"
but mrs evans was not to be trapped into personal expressions offeeling.
"it is quite immaterial what _i_ think.
i have known teresa mallisonall her life, but, my dear, i know nothing about the teresa whom captainpeignton sees.
he in his turn knows very little about the teresa whowill be his wife at the end of the first two or three years of marriedlife."
grizel's hazel eyes widened with a look of fear.
"does one inevitably change so much?"
mrs evans said.
"how could it be otherwise?
marriagefor a girl means a shouldering of responsibility for the first time inher life, facing a money strain, a health strain, a curtailment ofliberty.
there is more joy one hopes, but there is certainly morediscipline.
troubles must come--"grizel threw out a protesting hand.
her thoughts had slippedinstinctively from the newly engaged couple, to the more enthrallingsubject of martin and herself, and the prophecy hurt.
"why must they, if they aren't needed?
suppose people can bedisciplined by happiness, why need they have the trials?
_i_ amdisciplined by happiness.
it suits me; it makes me good.
it does _not_make me selfish and unkind.
and i _am_ grateful.
i go about thatlittle house, and there's something inside me singing `thank you!'
all day long.
i'm so brimming over with love and charitythat it's all i can do not to kiss the cook on her cross old face, andpress a diamond brooch into her hand.
anything to make her cheerful!
it hurts to see anyone less happy than myself.
don't, please, say imust have trouble, mrs evans.
let me stay in the sun!"
said the vicar's wife, and once again she felt theunwonted pricking sensation at the back of her eyes.
she was used tosorrow, skilled in offering consolation and advice, but it was all toorare an experience to meet with joy.
in the depths of her kind oldheart she wondered if indeed grizel were not right, but not for theworld would she have allowed herself to express so unorthodox a feeling.
she walked in silence for some yards, and then, with a sudden change ofsubject, asked shortly, "how's katrine?"
"talking of love in the sunshine?
oh, katrine's _well_!
she's justreturned from her honeymoon, and captain blair has had his old bungalowenlarged.
they had a glorious time.
she was married from her friend'shouse, and rode off to camp in the wilds.
she shed her skirt as soon asshe arrived at the camp, and never saw it again till her return.
ahoneymoon in leggings!
what would chumley say to that?"
"it sounds exceedingly--er--unlike katrine!"
"yes, doesn't it?
isn't it splendid?
and she loved it.
her only worrywas that _bits_ of her looked so nice, that she was longing all the timeto see herself full length.--however, `_jim_' has taken her photograph!"
"i hope he will make her happy.
katrine has a difficult nature, and itwas such a very short acquaintance."
but they knew a great deal of each other."
grizel's smile was enigmatic, for the secret of katrine beverley'scorrespondence with her unknown lover was not divulged outside thefamily circle.
she said good-bye to the vicar's wife at the parting ofthe way, and turned in at the gate of her own domain.
daffodils were nodding among the grass.
a bed beneath the window wasablaze with many-coloured anemones, the shimmer of green was on thetrees; and at the study window stood martin watching for her return.
grizel's heart swelled within her.
despite the enlargement made for herbenefit, despite the general air of freshness and prosperity, it wasafter all but a modest establishment, ludicrously small when contrastedwith her former homes, yet for grizel all the riches and treasures oflife were contained within those four walls.
with the clanging of thegate the world was shut out, and she entered home as a sanctuary.
mostof us are so occupied regretting past joys, and planning joys for thefuture, that it is only at rare moments that we realise the joy of thepresent.
"i was so happy."
"i shall be so happy."
these are expressions of daily use.
the soundof "i _am_ happy," is so rare as to bring with it the effect of shock.
grizel was one of the fortunate ones who continually realise thehappiness of the present, but even she had her positives andsuperlatives.
since hearing the news of the hour she had been consciousof a weight of depression, but with the opening of the gate that weightdisappeared.
it seemed as if no joy that life could have to bestowcould exceed that of home-coming, with the sight of martin waiting forher return!
she smiled in answer to his waving hand, but his quick eye caught thesobered expression on her face, and he hurried to meet her, and drew herinto the drawing-room.
"anything the matter, my precious one?
anything troubling you?"
grizel leant her head on his shoulder with a forgetfulness of coiffurewhich in itself would have raised his apprehension.
her hands claspedthemselves round his arm, she drew a long trembling sigh.
"oh, martin, hold me close!
don't let anything happen!"
"what _has_ happened, dear, to upset you like this?"
"nothing; but i'm afraid.
oh, if we are very good, and go on beingthankful, and doing our best, need we have troubles to spoil it?
it's... it's _paradise_, martin, and i want it to last!"
martin's face quivered above her bowed head.
he had lived in paradisebefore, and it had not lasted.
he knew that it never did last, thatsweet and dear as might be the after life, it was only for a briefperiod that human beings could remain in their eden.
he held her close,with a jealous touch.
"so long as we have each other, we can bear the rest.
honestly, dear,we shall have less to bear than most people, for the simple reason thatwe won't _let_ things trouble!
when one has gained the big treasure,the gnats can't sting.
it's not like you, grizel, to be afraid!"
"i am hideously afraid, but it's your fault.
it's loving you so muchthat has turned me into a coward.
i'm afraid of everything where youare concerned,--draughts and drains, and accidents, and editors, andletters in blue envelopes, and perils by night and by day.
every day ibury you of a new disease.
if you sneeze it's consumption, if you coughit's pneumonia, if you scratch your finger, it's blood-poisoning.
youlooked pale this morning, so it was pernicious anaemia."
a little laughcame with the last words, and she raised her head to peer into his face.
"_do_ you feel by any chance as if you had pernicious anaemia?"
martin took her by the shoulders and led her to the door.
"i shall do, if you keep me waiting any longer for lunch.
go upstairsand take off your hat."
but grizel lingered by the door.
"do you about me?"
"do i what about you?"
"think of all the gruesome things that might happen?
lie awake at nightimagining them.--get in a panic every time i am five minutes late?"
"you were over five minutes late to-day, but my pulse was normal.
imerely concluded that you had met a friend and were enjoying a gossip."
"men," said grizel sententiously, "are stupid, dense, prosaic brutes."
she gave a tilt to her one-sided hat, and added in a tone of the utmostnonchalance: "by the way, i _did_ hear some gossip.
captain peignton isengaged to that fair girl he took in to dinner at the court.
teresa--don't you call her?--teresa mallison."
"by jove, is he?
that _is_ good!"
"i'm awfully pleasedto hear that.
they'll make an ideal pair."
grizel glared at him, with the eyes of a fury.
"oh, go to your study!"
she cried vindictively.
"go to your study--andwrite books!"
the squire heard the news of peignton's engagement at the county club,and carried it to his wife on his return to lunch.
he found cassandraon the terrace, where she had spent what was perhaps one of the happiesthours of her life.
an hour before she had opened one of the longwindows of the morning room, and had stepped bareheaded, in her whitemorning dress, into a bath of sunshine and warmth.
hitherto though thesun had shone, east winds had prevailed--making it necessary to put onwrappings for even the shortest excursion, but this morning the "nip"had departed; what wind there was blew balmily from the south, and thetemperature without was warmer than that in the house.
there is alwaysa special thrill attendant on the first breath of summer, a specialconsciousness of freedom and escape, when for the first time it becomespossible to leave the house and wander bareheaded under the skies, butnever, as it seemed to cassandra, had a springtide been so wonderful asthis.
she looked downwards over the terraced gardens, and everywhere the worldseemed new.
green branches on the larches, shimmers of green on oak andash, swelling of buds on the great chestnuts, and through the bare brownof the earth the shooting of living things.
everything was new andpregnant with joys to come, and from her own heart came an answeringsong of joy.
it seemed in mysterious fashion as though the stateness ofcustom had been left behind, with other drearinesses of the long winter,and the coming spring had vivified her life.
the air breathed hope andexpectation, and although she could not have said to what special eventshe was looking forward, she knew that there was hope in her heart also,and an expectation which gilded the coming days.
it was good to bealive, to wander bareheaded in the sunshine inhaling the fragrance offlowers, to behold reflected in the long windows the graceful glimpsesof one's own form, to look around the fair domain lying to right andleft, and be able to say, "this is mine!"
cassandra clasped her hands behind her back and strolled to and fro,thinking the many and inconsequent thoughts that come to a woman in suchhours.
she wondered why she had ever been unhappy, and decided neveragain to "give way."
she wondered what bernard had really felt when shehad declared that she did not love him.
how could shehave been so bold?
of course she loved him!
he was a nice old dear.
she wondered if, after all, the new afternoon dress had better be grey!
suppose it were violet for a change; just the right shade of violet,without a touch of red.
she wondered if she dare wear the new frenchhat in chumley, and what the boy would say of it when he came fromschool.
he had a way of calling her hats "the limit," and lookingself-conscious in their presence.
she had laughed, and worn them allthe same, for the wearing of the latest eccentricity in hats had beensomething more than a slavish following of fashion,--it had been avirtual throwing down of the gage in the face of the prejudices of theneighbourhood.
on the days when she was most oppressed by theatmosphere of chumley and its inhabitants, it had a tonic effect todrive up and down the high street, wearing a feather stuck at an anglenever before attempted out of paris, and to watch eyes roll from rightto left.
there had been a time when the church aisle was her chosenshocking-ground.
cassandra blushed when she recalled that phase, andremembered what had brought it to an end.
just an expression on mrsevans's face.
she had paused outside the church gate tospeak a passing word before getting into the car, and the vicar's wifehad been kindly and affectionate as ever, had called her "dear," andheld her hand in a lengthened pressure, but there had been a shadow uponthe large, plain face, and the grey eyes were rigorously averted fromthe marvellous headpiece topping the small, brilliant face.
thesilence, the kindliness, made cassandra feel suddenly mean and small, asensation which was intensified as the car turned from the church door,and bernard had said with a laugh: "give 'em a treat this time, cass!
that hat of yours took the starch out of the vicar's sermon."
an hourlater the hat was a smouldering ruin, and henceforth cassandra took herplainest clothes to church.
but the high street remained, and here noone could interfere.
as the wife of the squire and landlord she mightindeed be said to have the right to shock, when it pleased her so to do.
now that the bulbs were in bloom bernard would agitate for the usualspring garden party.
he always asked the same question: "what was theuse of having the things at all, if nobody came to see them?"
so theentire neighbourhood was invited, and frequently it rained, inevitablythe wind blew from the east, and the guests made scant work of thebulbs, and huddled in the house, partaking of lengthy teas.
cassandrahated all garden parties, and spring parties most of all, but thismorning the prospect seemed less distasteful.
she would no longer knowthe feeling of loneliness in a crowd, she would have friends of her own,whose presence would transform the scene.
in imagination she summonedthem before her--grizel, with her radiant smile, and merry, chatteringtongue; peignton, his head bending forward from the slightly bowed back,his eyes fixed upon her, with their questioning look, the look that saidso plainly: "i am waiting.
give me your orders, and i obey!"
some menhad that expression; it meant nothing, of course, but it had charm.
decidedly it had charm.
it would help her through the formalities ofentertaining, to feel in the distance that waiting glance.
cassandra turned and saw her husband ascending the stone steps of theterrace.
he had entered the grounds by a side gate, and made his wayacross the path.
his cap was pushed back from his brow, his brown faceshowed the flush of heat, his eyes looked astonishingly blue and clear.
there was a metallic quality about those eyes which, taken inconjunction with the strong white teeth, gave a somewhat fierceexpression to the face, but to-day he was smiling, and an air ofcomplaisance and satisfaction pervaded the whole figure.
cassandrasmiled in response.
it seemed fitting that to-day everyone should feelhappy.
she stood waiting for his approach, and together they pacedslowly onward.
"isn't it lovely?
i've been out over an hour.
a perfect spring day!"
"mating time, eh?"
said the squire with a laugh.
"`in the spring ayoung man's fancy...'  well!
it seems it is true.
i've just beenhearing news.
you haven't heard?
i thought perhaps they would ring youup."
"no," said cassandra blankly.
she stared uncomprehendingly inher husband's face, and suddenly her heart gave a queer unexpectedlittle thud, and her pulses quickened their beat.
"who did you expectwould ring me up?"
"oh, either of them.
they're at the stage when they'll wantto do everything in pairs.
and they know you'll be interested."
"couldn't you tell me at once what the news is?"
"i _did_ tell you.
an engagement, of course.
with the fair teresa.
for goodness' sake, don't pretend to be surprisedto hear.
you notice precious little, but you must have noticed that.
itold you myself it was coming on."
"of course you did.
i remember perfectly.
i am very--"cassandra paused from sheer inability to think what feeling dominated.
she felt neither glad nor sorry, interested nor surprised; nothing but acurious blankness, as if a veil had been dropped over the scene of life.
five minutes ago, two minutes ago, she had been tingling with vitality,now she was numb, and found it an effort to collect her thoughts.
for once bernard's lack of observation was a gain.
he strode along theterrace with hands thrust into his pockets, smiling in agreeablereminiscence of club-room gossip.
"rather a stiff thing in mothers-in-law,--mrs mallison, what?
don'tenvy him the connection.
best thing he can do to cut away to adistance.
but the girl's all right.
fine buxom creature.
got her headscrewed on all right.
just the wife he needs.
nice fellow, butinclined to be fanciful,--the sort of man one could imagine taking upany mad scheme, if he were left on his own.
miss teresa will stop thatnonsense.
she's got a partic-u-larly keen look out for number one.
ought to have fine children too.
just the type to go in for an annualbaby without turning a hair."
cassandra's look was frigid.
"i think we may leave that.
it is hardly the time--""lord bless my soul, what else is she _for_!"
cried the squire loudly.
"what is any woman for, if it comes to that?
if more of them did it,there would be less talk of nerves and nonsense.
the modern woman istoo careful of herself to be burdened with a family, and what's theconsequence?
i ask you what's the consequence?
are they any healthierthan their mothers before them?
are they as healthy?
damned sight moresatisfactory work looking after a nursery, than gambling in bridge clubsevery afternoon.
too squeamish nowadays even to talk of 'em, itappears!"
through the roughness of the man's voice there sounded a note of painwhich pierced through the wife's torpor.
he would have liked a nurseryfull of his own, and had grieved over the fate which made it impossible.
cassandra knew it, and admired the reticence with which he kept hisdisappointment to himself, never allowing it to escape in so many words.
she was the more remorseful as the disappointment was not mutual.
shehad hoped so much, given so much for her son, had suffered so bitter adisappointment from his lack of response, that she had no wish foranother child.
but she was sorry for bernard.
she stretched out her hand and put it through his arm, leaning againsthim with unusual intimacy.
"don't shout at me, bernard; don't be cross!
why should you?
i daresayit's all quite true, but children don't always bring happiness.
thinkof the parents you know who have large families!
they are always introuble.
some of the brood are always miserable, or ill, or indifficulties, or poor, or unruly, or all at once, and the poor parentshave to rack their brains to think how they can help, and suffer everypang with them; _worse_ pangs, because the children are young, and canshake things off, and the parents sit by the fire and think.
i've seenit with my own parents.
they never had a chance of being happy andrestful.
one or other of us was always tearing their heart-strings."
"people don't have children for the sake of happiness, my good girl,"the squire said bluntly.
"a certain amount of happiness goes to it, nodoubt, but that's not the principal consideration.
it's a duty they oweto the race, and they must be prepared to take the rough with thesmooth.
you can't expect to rear any young thing without trouble."
"but they don't _care_ in return, bernard!
they care so little.
parents are everlastingly giving out, and getting solittle in return.
it's an empty feeling.
children give so little, incomparison with the love that is lavished on them."
"who expects them to care?"
demanded the squire.
"it's nature that theold should look after the young; it's nature that the young should flyaway.
it's no use bucking against nature!
you are thinking of your ownsatisfaction, and the amount of happiness _you_ are going to get out ofthe business.
that's where you're wrong.
there's too much talk ofhappiness these days.
i don't believe in it.
it makes people soft andfinicking.
if they thought less about their feelings, and more abouttheir work, it would be a damned sight better for all concerned.
wewere not put into this world to be happy."
"weren't we, bernard, weren't we?"
cassandra asked piteously.
fiveminutes ago it had seemed that happiness was the be-all and end-all oflife, that in fact it was life itself, the only thing worthy of thename, but that was five minutes ago, and since then the veil had fallen.
pacing the terrace by bernard's side, the hard theory of work and dutyseemed infinitely more applicable.
and yet--life was so long!
barelythirty years behind and perhaps forty or more to come.
cassandra'sheart shrank at the prospect.
she could have faced death bravely, butlife appalled; long, dragging-out years of duty, unillumined by love.
if it were hard now in the days of youth, and health, and beauty, whatwould it be in the searing of the leaf?
she looked into her husband'sface, so strong and wholesome in its clear, out-of-door tints, and herheart went out to him in a wave of longing.
as a drowning man willcling to the first support that his arms can reach, so did she turn tothe man who had vowed to give her a lifelong support.
if bernard wouldcare!
if just for once he would show that he could care.
her starvingheart cried out for food.
it seemed impossible to live on, without aword of love or appreciation.
she pushed her hand further through hisarm, and gently smoothed the sleeve of his coat.
it lay just beneathhis eyes, the long, beautiful hand, the tapering fingers delicatelywhite, with a tinge of pink on the almond-shaped nails; the square-cutemerald sent out gleams of light.
cassandra knew that that hand was alovely thing.
surely the sight of it, resting there, would bring thatother strong, brown hand to meet it!
then, grasping it fast, she couldspeak out, and say: "help me, bernard.
show me your love!
i am only awoman, and i am afraid..."  but the strong hand did not come.
bernardslackened his arm, and turned towards the house.
his ear had caught thetremor in his wife's voice, and it was his fixed decision that whenwomen waxed emotional it was wisdom to leave them alone.
he looked athis watch, announced that there was just time for a wash before lunch,and took his departure.
and as he went he whistled a lively song.
cassandra leant her arms on the stone balustrade and looked over thesloping gardens.
the shimmer of green buds was on the trees; throughthe brown earth were springing living things.
all the world was new,but in her breast her heart lay dead.
"i should like," announced grizel to martin over the breakfast table, "ishould like to publish an apology, illuminated and framed, dedicated tomiddle-class house-mistresses, to explain how i'd misjudged 'em, and sayi'm sorry."
"now that, in a manner of speaking, you have become one of themyourself."
"i don't know what you mean by `a manner of speaking.'
i _have_, wussluck!
so now i know.
i always laughed before, and felt superior andforbearing, and wondered why he married her, and felt so sorry for himthat he had.
one of the many aggravating things about a man is that helooks so much nicer middle-aged.
he is scraggy when he is young, but hefills out, and grows broad and dignified, and the little touch of greyin his hair has quite a _poudree_ effect.
but his wife does notimprove.
take 'em fat, or take 'em thin, there's no getting away fromit, they look worse every year.
it needs a lot of grace, martin, for awoman, to watch herself growing steadily into a fright, and to keep onsmiling!"
"every woman, my vain one, is not so much occupied with her appearanceas you are.
when she gets middle-aged, she doesn't care."
"then she ought to, or her last estate will be worse than the first.
her husband and children will rise up and rend her.
her boys will blushfor her when she goes to their public school; and her girls will haveengagements when she wants to go out, and her husband will thinkthoughts, and look back and wonder `_why_'--""not necessarily.
it doesn't follow.
i was at a musical at home oneevening last year, when a professional sang, `believe me if all thoseendearing young charms'--you know how it goes on!--`were to fade byto-morrow, etc., thou wouldst still be beloved, as this moment thou art,and around the dear ruins, each wish of my heart, would entwine itselffaithfully still.'
the hostess seized that moment to sail out of theroom.
she was a vast woman.
parts of her were engulfed by the doorwaylong before her head vanished from sight.
she had numerous chins, but,imbedded in flesh, one could still trace a likeness to an ethereallyfair daughter.
the host took me by the arm, and pointed covertly to thedoor.
`_my dear ruins_!'
he whispered beneath his breath.
but there was love in his eyes, as well as fun.
he loved hisruins!"
cried grizel warmly.
"may his tribe increase!
but mostmen don't.
so she must do her best.
if she's fat, she diets, and it'sharder for a middle-class housewife to diet than for any creature on theface of the earth.
she has to rack her brains everymorning to think of nice things for other people to eat, and naturallyshe thinks of the things she likes best herself, and then she salliesforth and buys them, and smells the smell of their seasoning allafternoon, and at the great moment says, `no thank you!'
and eats mincedbeef.
and when the poor dear catches hold of an infinitesimal crinklein her gown, and calls upon those present to witness that she grows sothin that it hangs upon her,--they jeer, and laugh her to scorn.
i've seen it.
it's a heartrending sight."
"i'll promise faithfully not to jeer when you grow fat."
"i never shall," grizel assured him.
"scrags are my line.
scrags aremuch easier to deal with.
scrags can always be mitigated if you lavishenough money; it's the plain coat and skirt that's the devil.
i'd liketo found a charity for the supply of draped garments to the thin wivesof clergymen.
_can't_ you see them,--in navy-blue serge, with flannelshirts falling well in at the chest?
it must have a depressing effecton the sermons!
...  what was i talking of last!
it's rather difficultto keep count."
"the superiority of middle-aged men over their wives.
wasn't that it?"
"i never said they were superior.
they're not, but they look it, andthat's an extra burden on the wives.
it proves without any doubt soeverthat women's work is more exhausting than men's."
"is this by any chance a suffragette lecture in disguise?"
who mentioned suffragettes?
i'm talking of theold-fashioned women who stay at home, and look after their own affairs,and i'm sorry for them, and wonder they are not fifty times more stupidthan they are, and i'm sorry i spoke.
i said in my haste, `they cantalk of nothing but their servants.'
shutin from morning till night with two aproned fiends, who at any momentmay reduce you to starvation, or poison you as you eat.
(i don't careif my pronouns _are_ mixed!
i shall mix them if i like!)
suppose manhad to live day and night mewed up with his clerk and office boy;suppose _you_ were followed wherever you went by grumbles and breakages,and a smell of onions, and daren't let go, in case you were left toclean the sink yourself!
a woman said to me the other day, that after alifelong struggle she could not for the life of her decide which wasworse--a servant who thinks, or a servant who don't.
her housemaid_could_ think.
she thought the laundry bill had been rather high thelast few weeks, so she kept back a lot of table-linen what time a partyof guests were expected.
she was hurt about it when reproved, and saidshe could never do right.
she couldn't...  martin!
make up my mind forme.--should i give parsons notice or not?"
martin elevated his eyebrows, and nodded once or twice with an air ofenlightenment.
now we come to it!
i was waiting for the personal application.
let me hear the case.
yours and parsons's.
then i canjudge."
grizel rested both elbows on the table, and supported her chin in thehollow of her hands.
"parsons," she said clearly.
"maud emily, age twenty-six.
religion, anabaptist (i'm sure she's an anabaptist,by the cut of her sunday hat).
clean in her work andperson.
willing and obliging.
can clean plate...  forgets everything.
breaks the rest.
snores while waiting.
has feelings, and an invalidmamma, who, i feel it in my bones, will be tuk worse regularly on theafternoons of dinner parties.
in every emergency, can be backed to dothe worst possible thing...  there!
it's a problem for a society paper!
...  _what should mrs beverley do_?"
"mrs beverley should exercise patience and self-control.
she shouldspeak gently to the poor girl, who no doubt is doing her best.
firstprize awarded for this solution, a copy of mrs tupper's famous work,_the blue boy darling_."
grizel contemplated him frowningly.
"something will have to be done about your jokes!
you have no sense offitness.
it drives me daft when a person jokes when i am worried.
i'lllaugh myself in a fortnight's time; with grace i'll laugh to-morrow, buti won't laugh to-day for all the jokes on earth, and i hate anyone whotries to make me do it.
i'm not in the mood for jokes, and you ought toknow it without being told."
"sorry, madam, but there seems something wrong with your theory.
youwant to be cheered when you are already cheered, and not to be cheeredwhen you are in need of cheering."
"silly jokes," grizel said firmly, "do not cheer.
they can be enduredin periods of health.
in periods of affliction they are the last strawwhich breaks the woman's back."
martin chewed his bacon in dignified silence, while his wife cocked aspeculative eye at him to see if she had gone too far.
presently thetwo pairs of eyes met, and grizel, made an extraordinary play with hereyebrows which gave the effect of contrition, and defiance, and injuredinnocence, and apologetic love, and half a dozen appealing sentimentsrolled into one, whereat martin shrugged, and cried, "you women!"
andracked his brain to think what consolation to offer next.
"cheer up, darling, we'll have a holiday next month.
i've had a notefrom the agent to say we can have the house, and the squire is keen tojoin.
you'll enjoy the sea and unlimited powwows with lady cassandra,and, if you speak her fair, perhaps she'll take over the housekeeping,and set you free."
the mutual renting of a house near a seaside golf course had been indiscussion for some time between the two households, but grizel betrayedonly a mitigated satisfaction in her husband's proposal.
"cassandra knows nothing about housekeeping, and if she did i'm notgoing to give it up, just as there's a chance of getting a littlecredit.
i'm getting quite a daisy at it now.
guess what you're goingto have to-night?
_best end of the neck_!
cook suggested it, and isaid, `_whose_ neck?'
she looked quite scared.
martin, did you knowyou had chops growing inside your neck?
isn't it thrilling?...
i'mgoing to kiss you on the best end of your neck!"
she rose, and put her threat into execution, then sauntered over to aneasy chair, and lit a cigarette.
"of course, when you talk so sweetly about my talks with cassandra, iknow you are inwardly gloating on golf.
you throw cassandra to me as asop, so that you may feel free, and have no scruples in leaving me dayafter day.
retribution will be yours.
_how_tired you will get of hours and hours of undiluted squire...""i'm not so sure; he is a type, and i'm interested in types, and fromthe golfer's point of view, an approximate handicap covers a multitudeof sins.
and i don't propose to confine myself to raynor.
i askedpeignton to come down, and he was delighted."
grizel frowned thoughtfully.
"i like captain peignton.
it's noble of me, for he has never quite madeup his mind to like me, but i'm not altogether sure that you were wiseto ask him this time."
"for heaven's sake why not?"
martin's bewilderment was transparent.
grizel dropped her eyes, andplayed with her cigarette.
a suspicious listener might have accused herof searching for a judicious reply.
and i don't want her.
she would be in the way."
"is it necessary to ask her at all?"
"if he comes, yes.
i think we ought."
martin looked thoughtful in his turn.
it was evident that, like hiswife, he was not anxious for the society of teresa mallison, but after amoment's consideration he was ready with a solution.
"we'll ask her from friday till monday, at the end of his stay.
thenthey can travel home together.
she will understand that he is askedprimarily for golf.
what on earth makes you imagine that he doesn'tlike you?"
grizel pursed her lips.
"i think... _he_ thinks, i have more than my share!"
martin's face softened eloquently.
"so you have, darling.
so you always will have.
but that's thanks toyourself.
and why should he grudge you your happiness, pray?
isn't hehappy himself?
isn't his teresa happy?"
teresa is as happy as teresa can be."
exclaimed martin conclusively, and dropped the subject.
he had wisely abandoned the effort of following his wife's nights ofthought, and was for the moment more engrossed with his own.
he glancedat the clock, and there fell over his face that restless, strainingexpression which grizel had learned to recognise as a sign that work inthe study was not going well.
being a wife she dared a question whichfrom anyone else would have been an offence.
"what's the trouble?"
"come to a full stop.
i know where i am, and i know where i want toget, but there's a middle distance to be filled in... filled, notpadded... and ideas won't come.
i need four or five chapters to givethe characters time to--er--""i know."
grizel tilted her chin and assumed an expression of ferociousabsorption.
she would emerge from it presently and make suggestions,and none of the suggestions would be of the slightest use.
martin knewas much, but he lingered all the same because grizel was grizel, andwhatever she said delighted him to hear.
"make the heroine go into the park, and sit on a bench, and talk to anold man...""yes."
"well...  a shabby old man, but with signs of race.
he would hint attroubles, and she would sort of lure him on to tell her his history--""yes?"
"how stupid you are!
then of course you must work it out.
he might bea miser, or an uncle from china--or the husband of someone who hadmarried again.
_is_ anyone married again?"
"oh, well then, she _won't_ meet him!
...  what about a fire?
youhad a fire in the last book.
or a flood.
is there a river anywherehandy that could flood them out?"
"there is not."
"don't be so blighting.
i'm trying to help.
could there be a lostwill?
it's banal, i know, but what can you do?
everyone writes novels,and there isn't a plot left.
even leprosy is overdone.
now if you'dbring in a few chapters about the parlourmaid i'd write them for you.
that reminds me!
i was forgetting to ask you something, and it's mostimportant.
parsons says there are two handkerchiefs short from thelaundry, and the man is coming for the money, and what will i say.
what _do i_ say?
what does one say when the laundry is short?
should i be angry?
i don't care a dump about the oldthings, but i'll pretend i do.
shall i tell him you've a cold, and haveonly a dozen and can't do without them?
ought i to make him leave hisown?
just give me a hint, and i'll work it out.
could i demandcompensation?
are they insured?"
martin laughed and shrugged his shoulders.
i believe katrine used to dock offsixpences...  well!
you will let the raynors know that we can have thehouse?"
"i'll ring up cassandra, and ask her to drive round to talk overdetails.
whenever i'm sorry that i married you, martin, i'm glad againbecause of cassandra.
i'm a real safety valve to cassandra.
the poordear soul had no one to grumble to before i came.
a sympathetic womanlistener who is not above throwing in a curse on her own account isabsolutely necessary when one lives alone with a man.
now look atyou--"martin shut the door firmly behind him, and mounted the staircase twosteps at a time.
mrs mallison possessed an insatiable curiosity.
its area, it is true,covered but a few square miles of country, for everything that happenedoutside chumley was powerless to stir her to interest.
kingdoms mightrise, kingdoms might fall, science might evolve the most marvellous ofinventions, beneath a cataclysm of nature, whole provinces might bewrecked--mrs mallison listened to the announcement as she sipped hermorning coffee, and murmured an automatic: "dear!
the while she continued to ponder why mrs gainsby was hurrying to theearly train wearing her best hat!
nothing that affected her neighbourswas too trifling to engage her attention, and her mind, empty of somuch, was a veritable storehouse for inconvenient numbers and dates.
when the doctor's chimney went on fire, she was able to declare that toher certain knowledge the sweep had not been on duty in that house sincethe third of march, the day of the blizzard, when mrs jones wanted himat the same time, because the weight of snow made her soot fall.
thedoctor's wife had plainly been guilty of the folly of trying to savetwo-and-six.
she knew to an hour the age of every one of the youngergenerations, and laboriously corrected lapses of memory on the part ofrelations or parents.
it was impossible for one of her acquaintances toresurrect so much as a buckle without her instant and cordialrecognition.
"and the paste buckle that you had on your purple silk allthose years ago--how well it comes in!
`keep a thing a dozen years, andit comes into fashion again,' as my old mother used to say."
she remembered the vicar's sermons when he preached them after a lapseof years, and the good man chid himself because the fact broughtannoyance, rather than gratification.
not for the world would he haveput it into words, but deep in his heart lay the thought that it wasuseless to remember precepts, which were not put into practice.
within her own home mrs mallison's curiosity reached its acutest pitch,so that it became sheer torture to her to be shut out from even thesmallest happening.
to overhear tags of conversation was insufferable,unless she were instantly supplied with the context.
thus to come intoa room and hear a daughter say, "i always thought so," was to know nopeace until she had been enlightened as to the context of the statement.
"what have you always thought, teresa?
teresa, _what_ do you alwaysthink?"
i heard you.
as i opened the door i distinctlyheard you say so.
what were you talking about?"
nothing worth repeating, at any rate.
you wouldn'tbe interested."
"my dear, i am always interested.
how could i not be interested in mychildren's thoughts?
wait till you are a mother yourself...  you can'tpossibly have forgotten in this short time.
what do you always think?"
then teresa would set her lips and look obstinate, and mary would cometo the rescue.
"teresa said that she always thought silk wore better than satin."
there was a ferocious patience in the tone in which mary responded tothese calls, it was the patience of a wild beast which must submit orstarve, but behind the submission a discerning observer might haveobserved the teeth and the claw.
but then no discerning observertroubled about mary mallison.
she was one of the women on whom theworld turns its back.
as might naturally be expected, the arrival of the post-bag furnishedmrs mallison with some of the most thrilling moments of her day, andher interest in the correspondence of others was even keener than in herown.
if the recipient was out at the time the letter was delivered, sheexamined postmark and writing to discover the writer, and then set towork to anticipate the contents.
"mrs fenton writing to mary...  what can she have to say?...
she's athome, from the postmark...  they never correspond.
perhaps it's a subscription...  perhaps it's a bazaar...mary did once help her in a sale of work.
baskets, i remember--a stallof baskets.
she wore a brown dress.
she must certainly refuse.
toomany calls at home.
what does she want gadding over to mayfield?...
madam rose's bill again for teresa.
the third time.
papa mustspeak to her.
gives the house a bad name.
and... er... what's this?
i_know_ the writing--do i know it?
is it a man or a woman?
they allwrite alike nowadays.
on such a good paper one would expecta crest.
i must explain to teresa that on no account can i allow her tocorrespond with men...  perhaps it is a schoolfellow..."it was at the breakfast table one morning that the great news came, andit was imparted in a dull, legal-looking envelope addressed to theeldest daughter.
mrs mallison's eye caught the lawyer's name on theflap of the envelope, and pounced on the significance.
"ratcliffe and darsie--miss brewster's lawyers.
she's left you alegacy.
i expected it, of course.
quite the right thing.
her owngodchild, but i did not think we should hear so soon.
she was not rich, so you can't expect a large sum...  twentypounds perhaps, to buy a ring.
possibly a hundred..._mary_!
we are all waiting!
why don't you speak?
quite a long letter.
read it out--read it out!
most inconsiderate to keep us waiting.
howmuch is the legacy?"
"there is no legacy."
mrs mallison's breath forsook her, for it might be the quarter of aminute, then returned with renewed force and violence.
then why write?
a lawyer's letter costssix and eightpence.
there must be a reason.
mary lifted her colourless eyes, and looked her mother in the face.
"miss brewster left me no legacy.
she left me her principal.
everything she had.
i shall have five hundred a year."
"god bless my soul!"
cried the major loudly.
teresa flushed scarletover face and neck, and stared with distended eyes.
is that the best word you can find for your sister'sgood fortune?"
mrs mallison raised her eyes in ecstatic rejoicing tothe electric light ornament which decorated the centre of the ceiling.
"thank god that i have lived to see this day!
i told papa when we choseher as godmother that it might be for the child's benefit.
not likelyto marry, and a settled income.
we thought of your welfare, mary, inyour long clothes and see the result.
and i made a point of invitingher once a year.
she was devoted to you as a child--you remember thepink corals?
but of late with her ill-health we have fallen apart, andshe seemed indifferent.
nothing, even on your birthdays.
all things work together.
her large body expanded in beatific realisation.
it's marvellous how much a few hundreds meanafter necessities have been provided.
as i have said a hundred times--after a thousand, every hundred does the work of two...  what about abrougham?
we have always needed a second carriage.
papa and i aregetting too old to drive in the open in winter, and teresa goes out somuch at night.
it would be only the initial expense, for johnson coulddo the work.
he might need a new livery.
and the little conservatoryopening out of the drawing-room...  that has been a long-felt want.
socheerful,--and you could look after the plants, dear.
...  five hundred,--about forty pounds a month, ten pounds a week,nearly thirty shillings a day.
my dear, what riches!
quite a littlemillionaire...  so apropos too, with a wedding in prospect.
it wouldhave been a strain out of a regular income, and one hesitates to breakin on capital.
perhaps your rich sister will give you your trousseau,teresa, who knows!
indeed i feel sure she will wish it.
it doesn'tseem suitable for one sister to have so much, and the other nothing.
you may not care to halve it, mary, perhaps halving would be too much,but a hundred a year for teresa.
oh, certainly a hundred.
it is sonice for a young wife to have pin-money of her own...  what about abrass tablet in the church?
quite a nice one for forty pounds, and sheworshipped there in her youth...  we must wear black, of course.
handsome black, only suitable.
we could run up to town.
hervoice grew arch and playful, "if it were not spring, i would remind youof my ambition for sables!
nothing looks so well as handsome black anda sable set.
christmas is coming!
dear me,quite a portunatus cap!
only to wish, and the thing appears...  papa,you must tell mary what _you_ want next!"
then mary spoke, and if a peal of thunder had crashed through the sunlitroom, the shock could not have been half so great.
"i shall not give," said mary slowly, "one penny to anybody.
i shallkeep every farthing for myself."
major mallison gaped, teresa screwed up her face and stared at hersister with a vivid kindling of interest.
thedormant spirit had roused itself from its lethargy.
teresa felt asympathy, an excitement, which had no element of self.
she braced herknees under the table, and sent forth a telegraphic message of support.
"go it, mary!"
"_mary_," gasped mrs mallison deeply, "have you gone mad?"
"oh, no," said mary calmly.
"i may have been mad before.
i'vesometimes fancied i was, but i'm sane now, i'm more than sane...  i'mfree!
i've been only a slave--a white slave."
mrs mallison cast an agonised glance at the sideboard and bookcases, asif terrified of offending their susceptibilities.
she held upprotesting hands.
_mary_...  have you no decency?"
"i'm sorry if the word shocks you.
perhaps it would be better to say auseful maid.
i've been a useful maid at thirty pounds a year, and noholiday nor nights out.
i've done what i've been told to do, frommorning till night, and from night till morning when it has beennecessary, but i've had no life of my own.
i'm thirty-two, and i'venever even invited a friend to tea without first having to askpermission.
i have no corner of my own to which i can invite a friend--not a corner in the world--except a tireless bedroom.
every servant inthe house has had more freedom than i have had.
i have not been freeeven to think.
it was useless, for what i thought was never noticed.
nobody troubled about what i thought.
i was just mary--a usefulmachine.
nobody takes any notice of a machine, except to keep it oiled.
nobody expects it to be sad, or in pain, or lonely, or discouraged, ortired of turning round and round in the same small space.
nobodysuspects it of having a heart... but it has all the same, and when ithas a chance of breaking free--it does not let it go.
this money is mychance.
a woman brought up as i have been is powerless without money,and i have had none.
i've never had a penny piece in my life for whichi've not had to say thank you.
the money you have given me has neverbeen looked upon as my right, as payment for work... yet i have workedhard.
i have given you my whole life."
"you have done your duty in the position in which it has pleased god toplace you," said mrs mallison with dignity.
as mary's excitement hadincreased, she had grown quieter, and her face showed signs of mentalshock.
not the news of the legacy itself had been so startling as thissudden outbreak on the part of the silent, patient daughter.
nor washer distress in any sense affected.
according to her lights she hadbeen a good mother, careful of colds and draughts, of food and raiment.
five minutes ago she would have declared her conscience to be free ofreproach so far as mary was concerned; it was paralysing to discoverthat she had been looked upon as a heartless task-mistress.
herexultation of a moment before was replaced by pain and discomfort, andher voice took the deeper tone of earnestness.
"you have fulfilled your duty in the place in which it has pleased godto place you... and have done the work he set you to do."
"are you so sure of that?"
mary asked, and mrs mallison had anagonised conviction that the girl was going to turn atheist into thebargain!
"then why did he make me with a woman's heart, with a woman's naturallonging?
why did he give me the instinct to crave for someone of myown, who would put me first, instead of nowhere at all.
someone whowould _care_.
and it isn't only people that a woman wants,--it'sthings!
what had i of my own?
the clothes i wear.
nopauper in the land is poorer than i have been!
if this is my appointedplace and i have done my duty in it, why am i so empty and tired?
whom everyone pities, and nobody wants.
you maythink i don't know how people talk of me, but i do know!
you say ityourself quite often.
_why_ am i poor mary... whose faultis it that i have missed my chance?"
"i think you are forgetting yourself, mary.
you talk very strangely,very--indelicately, i must say.
i suppose you mean that you are notmarried.
you can hardly call that my fault!"
"i am not so sure.
what chance did you give me?
if i'd been a boy youwould have sent me to college, and paid money to give me a start, but iwas only a girl, and it was cheaper to have a governess than to send meto a good school.
so i was educated at home, and made no friends.
thatmeant no visits, no change, but just chumley always chumley, and thefive or six young men i'd known all my life.
i could count up on twohands all the marriageable men i have met in the last ten years.
itbored you to entertain, so we had no young people here till teresa camehome.
i was not pretty nor clever, but i should have made a good wife.
some man might have loved me...  if you had given me a chance i mighthave been happy now, living in my own home."
there was a dead silence.
mrs mallison was too shocked to speak.
ofall her emotions this was predominant.
she was shocked.
shocked that aspinster daughter should openly regret marriage and a mate, shocked thatsuch feelings should find vent in words, shocked that a man--albeit herown husband--should be present to hear such sentiments emerge fromvirgin lips.
shocked for teresa, the bride, down whose cheeks largetears were rolling.
mrs mallison believed them to be tears of shame,but in reality they betokened the purest sympathy and regret.
major mallison stared with glassy eyes.
suddenly he cleared his throatand spoke, and the sound of his voice caused yet another shock to thehearers.
another dumb creature had found his voice.
"the girl is right," he said.
"she speaks the truth.
i wish she hadspoken before."
he paused for a moment painfully rumpling thetablecloth.
"it would have been kinder to speak out, mary.
i shouldhave endeavoured to meet you.
but thirty-two is not old.
you can stillenjoy your life.
as for the money, i wish you all to understand onething: i require no help, and i accept no help.
what is necessary andsuitable for my household, i can supply.
i have done so in the past,and can do so for the future.
your fortune is your own, mary.
do withit as you please.
we need no contribution.
you hear that, margaret?
"yes, henry, i understand.
i am learning to understand a great manythings this morning."
the old man rose feebly, and stood plucking at the edge of thetablecloth.
it was evident that there was something more which he wastrying to say.
mary looked up, and their eyes met.
"all these years," said her father slowly, "while you have been silent,running after your mother, serving us all, appearing so patient,--hasthere been bitterness in your heart, mary?
bitterness and rebellion?"
the two pairs of eyes held one another in a steady gaze.
"yes," mary said.
the major winced.
"that hurts me," he said slowly.
"that hurtsme, mary!"
he turned and left the room.
mrs mallison stood up in her turn, andbegan rolling up her napkin before putting it into its silver ring.
shereserved her parting shot until her husband was out of hearing.
"well, mary, i hope you are satisfied.
you have turned our rejoicingsinto bitterness and revilings, and sorely hurt and distressed your poorfather.
i fear your fortune will bring you no blessing."
the door closed loudly, and the sisters were left alone, abashed anddiscomfited.
when our minds are overflowing with the consciousness ofour own grievances, it is always irritating to be forced to realise thatthere are two sides to every question, and that we ourselves are notaltogether without blame.
mary mallison had so long been in subjectionto her parents, that the consciousness of their serious displeasureoverwhelmed for the moment the smart of her own injuries.
she was stillobstinate, still determined, but her conscience was pricked, and she wasunheroically afraid.
"oh, trissie... they are cross!
do you think they will ever forgiveme?"
"don't be a rotter, mary," the younger sister cried scornfully.
"i wasthankful to hear you assert yourself at last.
for goodness' sake don'tgive one bleat, and then relapse back into the old rut.
_of course_they are cross!
what else did you expect?
did you expect them to bepleased?
if you are going to break loose and lead an independent lifeyou must be strong enough not to mind crossness."
"yes, but i can't, and besides--father was sad!
that's worse than beingcross.
i felt miserable when he said that!"
he was right!"
teresa pronounced with characteristic certainty.
"it was sneakish to go on pretending.--it wasn't patience at all, it wassheer funk.
it would have been better for you, and everyone concerned,if you'd spoken out years ago.
you would have had more freedom, andmother would have been less of a bully."
"it would have been better if i'd been born with a differentdisposition, a disposition which would have _let_ me speak," mary saidbitterly.
"i am a coward, as you say, and nothing but a shock like thismorning's news could have wound me up to speak.
it seems hard thatpeople should have such different dispositions."
teresa mumbled vaguely.
she was not interested in thedifference of temperament; she was interested in mary's fortune, and howshe was going to use it.
she pushed aside her cup and plate, leant herarms on the table, and cupped her chin in her hands.
"look here, mary--what are you going to do?"
"i'm going away."
"i don't know!
it doesn't matter very much.
i want just to be away from chumley, and to be free.
to go where ilike, and do as i like."
mary's face twitched.
"i have no friends."
"you have acquaintances.
they would be glad... lots of people would beglad to go with you."
they are part of the old life.
they would stare and take notes.
they would write home and gossip.
it would be no use going away--ishould not escape.
the old atmosphere would be round me all the time.
i shall go alone."
teresa sat silent, striving to grasp the extraordinary idea of mary onher own, mary going forth into the world, staying in hotels, wanderingabout bustling streets, alone, always alone...  there was somethingpathetic in the prospect which pierced even to the preoccupied, girlishheart.
she frowned, and racked her brains for illuminating suggestions.
where could mary go?
what could mary do?
to stay alone in an hotel,with no occupation to help one through the aimless hours, would bedesolation, yet the mental searchings brought no solution.
honestly,teresa could not think of one thing outside the chumley radius, in whichmary took a flicker of interest.
in imagination she entered a greatrestaurant, heard the babble of voices, the flare of the band, andbeheld in a corner the dun-coloured figure of mary, seated in solitarystate at a flower-decked table.
she saw the other visitors stream forthto their various pleasures, and mary creep silently up the stairs.
shesaw mary's face peering disconsolately through dusty panes.
breed a bird in a cage, and rear it there, and at the age of maturitythrow open the door.
the bird will fly and as it flies it will sing.
it has its moment of joy, but when the moments have passed into days,its lifeless body falls to the ground.
liberty may come too late.
teresa looked at her sister with puzzled, unhappy eyes.
i don't like it.
you ought not to go alone.
those big placescan be so desolate.
you see all the other people talking and laughingtogether, and feel like a pelican in the wilderness.
what would you dofrom morning till night?
don't think i'm hinting; i wouldn't come withyou if you asked me, because of dane, but _do_ take someone!
if you goalone, you'll be bored to death."
mary rose from the table, the precious envelope in her hand, and turnedtowards the door.
"very well, then," she said quietly, "i will be bored.
_but i'll bebored in my own way_."
"i should like to ask peignton and his _fiancee_ to dinner," martinsaid, and grizel nodded obediently, and said:"then we must have roast fowl!
roast fowl, i've discovered, is thefatted calf of the middle classes.
whenever i tell cook that a friendis coming, she says: `a fowl, i suppose, mum.
i always say three-and-three, and feel virtuous for therest of the day.
if it's three-and-three, there's just breast enoughfor `the room'; the extra threepence leaves a picking for the kitchen.
cook says it's cheaper `in the end' to give the three-and-six, but itake no notice.
sometimes i suspect the poulterer of a dark design, andbelieve that there's no difference at all!
the extra threepence is justa trap for the unwary.
... enough of these details.
certainlywe'll ask them if you wish it.
and who else?
we can't contend withthem alone all night long.
i adore lovers in theory, but i object tofeeling _de trop_ in my own house.
if we were a _partie carree_ theywould expect me to have an important letter to write for the early post,and you to come with me to look over my shoulder.
no, you don't!
we'llhave a crowd, and let them realise from the first that there's no chanceof a quiet moment.
they've been fairly intimate...""certainly not.
i must reserve cassandra to help me later on when wetackle the formidables.
this shall be a lively, informal affair, got upin a hurry to wish them luck.
quite a short invitation, the shorter thebetter.
young people for choice--cheery, and fond of roast fowl.
marymallison for one."
"because she is young and cheery?"
"it doesn't matter a bit.
she is going to be asked," maintained grizel,with that characteristic inconsequence which she had the power to turninto the most charming of attributes.
"she shall have the nicestpartner, and the best place, and the merrythought all to herself.
i'mso _sorry_ for mary mallisons.
there are such a horde of them, andnobody wants them, and they don't want themselves, and it's all so wrongand wasteful and piteous, and i never see one of them, and look into herpoor, starved little face that i don't say to myself with a shudder,`suppose that was _me_?'"
martin smiled at her adoringly.
but it isn't, and it never by any possibility could have been.
besides, don't you think it's their own fault?
you were twenty-eightwhen we were married, and you had lived alone with a cross old aunt.
you might easily have turned into a mary mallison yourself, if you hadso little spirit as to allow yourself to be starved.
even if you hadnever married, can you imagine yourself sinking into a depth of apathyand indifference?
there's something contemptible about it.
anunmarried woman has such wide possibilities.
there is so much workwaiting for her to do."
"if she is allowed to do it!
but what if there is a chain around herneck, in the shape of some relation who thinks that her work is to be anunderstudy at home?
what would mrs mallison have to say to widepossibilities, while she wants a daughter to run messages and arrangethe flowers?
what would _you_ have said in the days when you neededkatrine, if she had talked of her life's work?
her work was obviouslyto darn your socks until such time as you found someone else whom youliked better, when--pouf!"
--she snapped her fingers--"enough of katrine!
let her go out into the wilds, and see what she can find!"
she very speedily found something that she liked better.
katrine was not a happy illustration, young woman!
in your ever-presentdesire to be personal, you overlooked--""exceptions prove the rule," grizel said stubbornly.
"besides, we werenot discussing katrine, we were discussing the roast-fowl dinner.
twomallisons, the hunters, captain peignton.
we might as wellmake it up to ten while we are about it."
martin suggested the name of some young people whose parents had alreadyentertained himself and his wife, and grizel sighed, a long sigh ofresignation.
"what shall we do with them afterwards?"
"they can't talk, bless you!
don't know how."
"then you must talk to them."
a dull dinner party pumps me dry, and i simply cannot standdesultory drawls for an hour on top of it.
i get fidgets, and yawn,--heavens, how i yawn!
it's not a mite of use telling me not to.
if i swallow them down my nose swells, and my eyes fill.
ilook as if i had hay fever...  do you never get fidgets at a dullparty?"
in your legs.
they won't keep still.
i'velived through some shocking hours.--i'd rather play puss-in-the-corner,than talk twaddle for an hour on end."
"i should thoroughly enjoy seeing mary mallison playingpuss-in-the-corner," martin declared, and beat a hasty retreat.
experience had proved that it was a colossal mistake to endeavour tochange grizel's mind.
the most convincing of arguments had no power tomove her; while moral axioms sent her galloping headlong in the oppositedirection to that in which she was directed; moreover, it was a waste ofenergy to essay the task, since her rebellions were but word deep, andthe passage of a short half-hour was usually sufficient to dispersethem, and restore her to her usual complacent radiance.
this morning the radiance returned at the prospect of cook's face whenshe heard of the impending trial.
grizel did not think of her own faceas she sat at the head of her table awaiting the serving of dishesprepared by a good plain cook.
she had seen that expression more thanonce of late on the faces of worthy chumley hostesses.
it was acompound expression, which included a smile, a determined animation ofthe eyes, and withal a pucker, a tightening, a tenseness of anxiety.
for all their forced gaiety the eyes had a faraway expression; they werepenetrating through dividing walls, peering into saucepans, anxiouslyregarding the preparation of sauce.
grizel had been quick to diagnosethe symptoms, but her sympathy had been lacking.
"hang it all, it's nother fault!
_she_ didn't cook it!"
had been the mental comment.
cook, as had been expected, folded her arms and assumed an expression ofacute resignation.
"_ten_ did you say, 'um?
twelve with yourselves.
i'm not sure that the range...  how many courses were you thinking ofhaving?"
as many as we can have.
if we do it at all, cook, we'lldo it well."
"we haven't come to soup yet," said grizel cheerfully.
"lots of thingsbefore soup."
"when i lived at the robertses we were always giving dinners, but theystudied me, as well as themselves," cook replied poignantly.
"soup, ofcourse, and fish, but she got in the entrees, to give me a clear handwith the joint.
fowls mostly, or a saddle of mutton.
the sweets werecold, and she got in the savouries, and sometimes an ice pudding.
thenthere was cheese straws, and dessert.
she always said i managed verywell."
"you would do!"
"well, now you shall have a change.
iwon't have anything at all like that..."it was by this time easy to make a selection of guests, as everyvisitable house in chumley had made its own individual effort towardsentertaining the bride.
sometimes it was dinner, more often it was tea,and, as grizel pathetically declared, not even a _real_ tea, a tea whereyou could sit quietly in a comfortable chair, and gossip, and consumerich cake.
a tea as enjoyed in chumley was a strenuous affair, whenguests were bidden from four to six, and were expected to rack theirbrains over a number of nerve-racking problems.
the first invitation of the sort that grizel received was for a katetea.
she misread the first word for cake, and thought it suitable, if atrifle ostentatious, but as she afterwards informed cassandra, theawakening was rude.
"it was `kate,' my dear, not cake,--a wretched kate that haunted us allafternoon.
did you realise that every second word in the englishlanguage ends with kate?
well, it does!
and mrs morley read out astory, and we had to fill in the gaps with kate words.
kate had anuntruthful nature and was given to prevari-kate, so she got intotrouble, and engaged an advo-kate.
you'll have dozens of these preposterousinvitations if you once accept.
why do you go?"
grizel looked thoughtful.
"there was a prize.--i'd be bored forhours for the chance of gaining a prize.
why is it that the prospect ofsomething for nothing has such a fatal lure?
i might win a manicureset, or a shoe-horn, or a leather bag.
i've thousands already; iwouldn't know what to do with the blessed things, but i crave to winthem!
i racked my brains over that wretched kate until i was quiteexhausted, and came out next to the bottom.
next week there's `a florintea.'
what happens to a florin?
do they give us one all round?
and aphotograph tea after that.
everyone takes a photograph of herself as ababy, and you guess who's who.
there's going to be some scope forpersonal remarks.
there is a smelling tea too, but i'm going to be illfor that.
she means well, dear lady, and i accepted with pleasure, buti shall stay at home with more.
i couldn't respect myself going aboutsmelling at little bags...""they tried the same sort of thing with me years ago, but i steadilyrefused, and now they have given me up.
you'll have no peace inchumley, grizel, if you let yourself in for these dreadfulentertainments.
you'll be asked out to tea every afternoon of yourlife, to meet the same people, and sit in the same rooms, and hear thesame little gossip over and over again."
"but that makes them so keen to have _me_ for a change!"
"my dear, they adore me.
i'm a _succes fou_.
i weardifferent clothes wherever i go, and say all the maddest things thatcome into my head, and they hang on my every word.
the kate hostessnearly cried because i didn't get the prize.
she was trying to give mehints all the time.
it was touching!
and i was _so_ stupid."
cassandra regarded her with a puzzled air.
"i believe you really enjoy it!
and it's so different from your oldlife, just as different as it was for me.
i can't think why you aren'tbored!"
"i'm never bored," grizel declared.
"at least, not all at a time.
it'ssuch a funny old world, and a bit of me is interested in everything thatcomes along.
besides, i adore kindness, even when it disguises itselfin kate teas, and the least i can do is to be agreeable in return.
buti am thankful that i have you, cassandra.
i should be lost without onereal friend, who speaks my own language."
there was no procrastination in grizel's nature; what she had to do,must be done at once, if it were to be done at all.
straight from thekitchen she adjourned to the telephone, rang up teresa to make sure ofthe guests of honour, and then proceeded to scribble half a dozen of themost informal of invitations for an unfashionably early date, which weredespatched forthwith to the post.
in an incredibly short space of timethe answers were received, one and all accepting with pleasure, andcook, divided between depression and elation, nerved herself to preparethe dinner of her life.
and now for the first time grizel was to have a personal experience ofthe momentous influence of a dinner party in an ordinary middle-classestablishment!
for two days beforehand "plannings ahead" enveloped theatmosphere like a cloud.
the parlourmaid planned ahead in respect ofextra polishing of silver and glass, and was testy in consequence, anddisposed to neglect present work.
cook's whole energies seemedengrossed in the preparation of a mysterious substance yclept "stock,"which filled the house with the most unsavoury of odours, and sheplainly considered it an injury to be expected to provide the ordinarymeals, while marie lashed the troubled waters by an attitude of amuseddisdain.
on the morning of the great day itself the very atmosphere wasimpregnated with strain, and the two domestics appeared to feel it apersonal injury that grizel herself remained smilingly unperturbed, andwent about her way as placidly as if nothing unusual were in the air.
parsons could not decide if it was ignorance, or pure "cussedness" whichmade the mistress suddenly decide to move the position of the furniturein the room above the dining-room, and to insist upon its being donewithout delay.
the gardener was called in to help, and parsons of fellintent made the removal as noisy and cumbersome as it could be, and thendiscovered to her chagrin that both master and mistress had left thehouse, and had consequently suffered no annoyance from the noise.
by four o'clock a jingle of glass and china announced the fact thatparsons had begun the preparation of "my table," a work of exceptionalresponsibility, since beyond a few general directions it had been leftentirely in her charge.
the day before grizel had unlocked the door ofthe upstairs safe-cupboard, wherein reposed some treasures from ladygriselda's famous collection of silver, the like of which parsons hadnever before beheld.
bowls and goblets, branching candelabra, finelywrought receptacles for fruit, large and small, high and low, each one awork of art.
sufficient treasures for the adornment of a dozen dinnertables were packed away on those baize-covered shelves from whichparsons was bidden to take her choice.
something of the same sombreelation filled her veins as that with which cook in her kitchen whippedand stirred, and mixed and tasted, resigned to suffer in the hope ofglory to come.
at six o'clock mary edwards, the hired waitress, would arrive; a youngperson who, for a consideration of five shillings, officiated at everydinner party in the township.
no bellringer had greater facilities foradvertisement than mary edwards.
"she'd tell them the style they didthings up at beverleys'!"
it was only after she was dressed for the evening that grizel enteredthe dining-room to survey the completed table, while parsons and maryedwards stood at attention by the sideboard.
she wore a wonderful gownof a deep purple _crepe_, encrusted with heavy gold embroideries.
adiamond aigrette sparkled on her head, but her beautiful white throatwas bare of ornaments.
she looked young and radiant and exquisite, andto both black-robed, white-aproned onlookers came a spasm of an oldregret.
the feminine in them revolted at the chasm between theclasses...  "oh, to be a lady, and look like that!"
cried grizel graciously.
"you've done the flowersbeautifully, parsons.
is this edwards?
how d'you do, edwards!
sureyou have everything you want?
enough spoons, and forks, and things likethat?
that's all right!
then we'll just go straight on, you know.
nowaiting between the courses."
no, ma'm," said edwards firmly.
parsons thought of the pandemonium now reigning in the kitchen, andremained discreetly dumb.
grizel gave another nod of approval andturned towards the door.
and then, at that very moment--_something happened_!
for the life of her during those first reeling seconds grizel could nothave told what it was.
there was a creeping, crawling sound, comingfrom above, and mysteriously growing in force.
something was going tohappen: in another second something _was_ happening!
it was a dream, anightmare, a hallucination.
the clearly lighted room was suddenlyfilled with dust, with smoke, with floating particles of white.
down,down, they fell, thicker and thicker, in a solid, snow-like mass,covering the table, covering the carpet, scattering a powdery foam toright and to left.
with more or less force certain particles fell onher own head, her own shoulders; she gasped for breath; felt on hertongue a strange dry taste and shuddered in disgust.
across a space ofwhirling dust clouds parsons's face and mary edwards's confronted her,white as two clowns.
grizel shrieked, and still shrieking fled into thehall.
doors opened, voices called.
at the end of the passage appeared cook'scrimsoned face.
martin rushed down the staircase, followed by anexclaiming marie, and all three stared petrified at the sight beforethem.
parsons and edwards had followed grizel's lead, and were now flankingher on each side, pressing their hands to their hearts, and gasping forbreath.
all three were white from head to foot, and on the floor aroundthem the carpet was whitened to match.
"for mercy's sake, grizel, _what_ has happened?"
cried martin loudly.
then, lifting his eyes, he glanced through the open door of thedining-room, and beheld...where had stretched a smooth expanse of white, there were now unsightlygaps showing glimpses of dust and timber: where the lines of the cornicehad neatly bordered the room, was now a rough and jagged edge.
theceiling had fallen, gently, unostentatiously, without fuss or clamour,and deposited itself upon the floor!
at that moment the door bell rang.
by noon next day all chumley was ringing with the story of grizelbeverley's first dinner party, for each feminine guest, anxious to havethe privilege of telling the news, had hurried out of the house at thefirst possible moment, and betaken herself to the high street.
you never knew anything so awful.--i never enjoyed anything somuch in my life," said miss hunter, the doctor's sister, to her dearestfriend, and, linking arms, proceeded to give a detailed account of thenight's adventure.
how being herself the first to arrive at the house,the door had opened to reveal the tableau of the dishevelled mistressand maids, standing at the end of the hall, like figures of snow, andthrough an open door a vista of the dining-room, with a table heapedhigh with plaster.
a gruesome spectacle it had been; the gleam of glassand silver serving but to accentuate the general ruin.
for the first moment mrs beverley had gaped at her guests as if notrealising the meaning of their presence; then suddenly she had begun tolaugh, to peal with laughter, and to explain the nature of the suddencatastrophe.
then miss hunter and her brother had said that of coursethey would return home, and she had stamped her foot, and said--nothingof the kind!
the dinner was cooked,--and pray, who was to eat thedinner?
they were to stay; everyone was to stay; she would arrangeeverything in a twinkling!
it would be first-rate fun.
and it _was_ fun!
at a word from their mistress the maids disappearedto change their gowns, while grizel herself picked her way carefully upthe staircase.
then her french maid spread a sheet over the floor inthe dressing-room, and mrs beverley stepped out of her dress.
shelooked about eighteen in her petticoat, and as slight as an elf, yetthere wasn't a bone to be seen.
"so different from my gridiron chest!"
said miss hunter, with a sigh.
well, then she rubbed theplaster off her hair, but it still looked all white and _poudree_, andstayed that way all evening,--so becoming!
and the maid came in withanother beautiful gown--green this time, and she was all fastened up andready, almost as soon as the guests themselves.
then the fun began.
a number of bridge tables were produced, spread with white cloths, andarranged round the drawing-room, while an oak bench from the hall didduty as sideboard.
it was like a dinner in a restaurant,--much betterfun than sitting round an ordinary table, and everyone was so amused andexcited that the evening went with a roar.
when the dessert stage wasreached, two of the men volunteered for rescue service, shed their coatsin the hall, and extricated the most promising dishes, the contents ofwhich, having been carefully cleansed, were welcomed with loud cheers bythe rest of the party.
"i never," concluded miss hunter gleefully, "wasso rowdy in my life!"
"fancy having enough spoons and forks to go round a second time!"
wasthe chumley maiden's practical comment.
after a moment's pause, sheasked eagerly: "and was captain peignton very attentive to teresa?"
"he was not sitting at the same table."
miss hunter, paused in herturn, and added in a reflective voice: "i don't remember seeing himspeak to her the whole evening."
in truth dane was not a demonstrative lover.
the fact was patent toteresa herself, and in the depths of her heart she acknowledged a lack.
her own nature was not demonstrative; with her own family her manner wasindifferent almost to callousness, but with dane she felt capable of agreat tenderness.
she wished that he would be more tender to her; thatwhen they were alone together his manner of affectionate raillery wouldchange to something deeper.
she wished above all things that he wouldspeak of his love.
mary's questionings on the night of her sister'sbetrothal had had something to do with awakening this longing, for whenteresa came to think over what had passed, it seemed as if most of theprotestations had been made by herself.
he had asked if _she_ cared,had kissed her and vowed to be true, but neither then or at anysubsequent meeting had he lost his head, and said all the dear, mad,exaggerated sweetnesses which were the language of lovers.
teresa hadnever before had a lover, but something in her blood, an instinctstronger than theory, told her that such exaggerations were not thecreations of fiction, but that they existed in very truth, and to bothspeaker and hearer should appear the most precious of truths.
it was inher heart to lavish such protestations on dane; to tell him of the dayswhen she had longed to touch his lean, brown hands, to lean her headagainst the rough frieze of his coat, to tell him how she had loved him,how she had longed for him, how she had prayed to be made good for hissake.
if she had given way to the impulse, dane's heart would haveopened in its turn, since there are few men callous enough to remainunaffected by the love of a girl who is young, and fresh, and agreeableto the eye; but teresa's strong sense of propriety forbade her to offermore than she received, and she sternly repressed the impulse to be"silly."
the engaged couple met often, since in a town of the size ofchumley every gathering brings together the same people, but_tete-a-tetes_ were less frequent.
when dane spent an evening at thecottage, teresa wondered if she were bold and unmaidenly because shelonged to carry off her lover to the snuggery on the second floor, andfelt exasperated when he sat contentedly in the drawing-room chattingwith mrs mallison and mary, and even volunteering to play a game withthe major.
on sunday afternoons, when they were left alone as a matterof course, he would kiss her and stroke her hair, and say pretty thingsabout her complexion, and the pretty blue dress, but invariably,infallibly he would relapse into the old quizzical, irresponsible mood,treating her as if she were an amusing child, rather than a woman andhis promised wife.
teresa's attempts to give a serious turn to theconversation were ponderous enough to add to dane's amusement, and hewould laugh still more, and even mimic her to her face.
another subject that troubled teresa was that her lover made noallusions to the date of their marriage.
at least once a day mrsmallison would enquire curiously, "and has the captain said anythingabout the date?"
and it was humiliating to reply continually in thenegative.
lovers in books were always urgent in this respect; the lovers she hadknown in real life had been no less impetuous, and in dane's case thereseemed no reason for delay.
he was old enough; he had enough money--then why should they wait?
teresa could not bring herself to introducesuch a topic, but she did tentatively mention the honeymoon one day,asking dane where he would take her.
for a moment he looked startled,but at the hint of a foreign tour he brightened, and they spent adelightful hour, discussing routes, and rival places of interest.
teresa had never yet crossed the channel, and dane as a world-travellerfelt a prospective pleasure in the thought of introducing her to freshscenes.
to him it seemed pitiful to think of a human creature havingspent twenty-four years in chumley, with no change but an occasionalmonth in seaside lodgings.
he displayed frank pity for such a fate, butteresa exhibited no pity for herself.
she was very fond of chumley; shewas fond of the chumley people; it was nice to travel now and then for afew weeks at a time, but she preferred a settled life.
dane realisedwith amusement that rome itself would be judged from a chumleystandpoint.
the squire was highly amused at the story of grizel's first dinnerparty, and pointed many morals thereon for his wife's benefit.
almostit seemed that he blamed her because his own dining-room ceiling hadnever descended, and opened the way for such an unconventional evening.
"but you would have sent them away from the door!
given the message tojohnson, and turned them away without even seeing them yourself."
i plead guilty, bernard.
i should have flown straight to abath.
it takes a grizel to make herself charming with whitewashed hair,but to do me justice i should _not_ have chosen the morning of a dinnerparty to drag about heavy furniture in the room overhead."
"did she do that?"
"she had it done.
and the house being jerry built, the new ceilings areonly guaranteed to stay up, if they are not pushed.
she pushed, and inrevenge this particular ceiling loosened itself slowly, waiting for thecrucial moment...  they have gone up to town for a week, while the roomis put right, so grizel will feel that the game is worth the candle."
the squire was silent, seeing that he himself had persistentlyrefused to take his wife to town for the last eight years.
he was acountry man, born and bred, and had never yet succeeded in discovering atime of year when the land was sufficiently lacking in interest to makeit bearable to leave, and waste the time in town.
moreover, with theextraordinary meanness which affects some rich men, he hated spendingmoney on hotel bills, while his own house was open.
his wife could runup for a day when she needed new clothes,--what more did she want?
cassandra wanted a great deal more,--she wanted to see, and to hear, torefresh her spirit with art and music, to meet people who spoke her ownlanguage, and understood her own thoughts, and get away from thestultifying influence of a little country town.
she had foughtpersistently for years in succession, but she had failed, and now shefought no more.
bernard said she had come to her senses.
"what are _you_ going to do for the young couple?"
he asked gruffly.
"another dinner would fall flat."
"and they were here so lately," cassandra agreed quickly.
"shall i fixthe bulb party for next week, and ask the whole mallison clan to lunchbeforehand?
i'm willing, if you are.
of course captain peignton wouldcome too.
it would be paying them a little extra attention, and avoidthe bother of another dinner."
"just as you like!"
the squire was appeased by the prospect of a gardenparty, as his wife had intended he should be, and she heaved a sigh ofrelief.
another dinner with dane and teresa as guests would beinsupportable so soon after that other evening when she had met his eyesacross the banked-up flowers, and felt that strange, sweet certainty ofunderstanding.
after hearing of the engagement she had felt an intensedread of the next meeting, which must surely reveal to her her own follyin believing that this man felt any special interest in herself.
he hadlooked pensive because he was in suspense; his appeal to her had been toa married woman who had presumably been through the mill, and whose helphe was anxious to gain.
she would see him radiant, glowing; his eyeswould no longer linger on hers, he would no longer have the air ofstanding by to await her command: he would be wholly, entirely,obtrusively absorbed in teresa!
then suddenly the meeting came about, and nothing had been different;everything had been bewilderingly the same.
they had met in a countrylane, and cassandra had made her congratulations in her most graciousand cordial manner, and he had thanked her in a few short words andstood looking--looking.--he was not radiant, he was not aglow; thesubtle appeal of suffering had never been more strong: in spite ofeverything the strange, sweet certainty of inner sympathy andunderstanding once more flooded her being.
they spoke only a few words,and parted, and since that day cassandra had seen dane only in thedistance.
bernard reported him as a devoted lover, always inattendance.
he shrugged his shoulders with an easy tolerance.
it was astage.
it would pass!
fortune favoured cassandra, inasmuch as the bulb party fell on the dayfollowing that on which mary mallison had received the notice of herinheritance, and therefore the engagement took a second place inimportance.
major mallison excused himself from the luncheon party onthe score of sciatica, which being interpreted meant a sore heart.
marywas his favourite daughter, and the discovery of her long revolt hadwounded him sorely.
his wife also had had her hour of bitterness, butit was temperamentally impossible for mrs mallison to keep up anestrangement with any creature, male or female, who was on the wave ofprosperity.
mary, the dependent and helpless, would have been hard toforgive; mary the heiress commanded respect, and could be excused aweakness.
in the abundance of her satisfaction in escorting twosuccessful daughters to luncheon at the court, the last spark ofresentment disappeared, and mary's determination to exploit the world onher own became a proof of spirit to be retailed with maternal pride.
the squire laughed and rallied mary with the superficial good-naturewhich he always exhibited to strangers, and cassandra looked at heracross the table with grave, wistful eyes.
poor mary mallison with thestarved, bloodless face, and the starved, bloodless mind,--could all themoney in the world bring back her wasted youth?
could all the money inthe world unlock the gate of joy?
cassandra felt a sudden rush ofthankfulness for her own lot.
thank god, she had lived; she hadexperienced; she had suffered.
if the best had been denied, she hadbeen spared the worst,--the lot of a superfluous, unwanted woman!
after lunch the three guests were taken into the garden for a personallyconducted tour before the general influx began.
the squire naturallyselected teresa as his companion, but by a little manoeuvring his wifecontrived that he should be saddled with mrs mallison also, so that sheherself should be left alone with mary.
cassandra wanted an opportunity of talking to mary.
hitherto she hadbeen merely a figurehead, a dull, dun-coloured person who walked by hermother's side, replied in monosyllables when she was directly addressed,and apparently neither had, nor wished for, any existence of her own.
but now it appeared that mary was in revolt.
cassandra was conscious ofa fellow-feeling.
she led the way down the sloping gardens, purposely increasing thedistance from her husband and his companions, talking lightly onimpersonal subjects until she could speak without fear of interruption.
then she turned to mary with the very winsome smile which she reservedfor occasions when she had special reason for wishing to please.
"miss mallison, i ran off with you, because i wanted an opportunity totell you quietly how enchanted i am at your good fortune!
it alwaysdelights me when nice things happen to women, and your nice thing isgoing to open the door to so many more.
five hundred a year, and theworld before you, and no ties to keep you at home!--mrs mallison is sostrong and active that it seems absurd to think of her as requiringhelp.
i'm struggling with envy, for there is nothing at this momentthat i should like so much as to feel free to go where i choose, and dowhat i choose, and even more than either, _not_ to do what i don'tchoose!
my husband hates change, and you see i have sworn to obey!...
will you have to wait very long before you get your money?
lawyers aresuch wretches for procrastinating.
if you are like me, you will want tostart at once!"
"yes," said mary flatly, "i do.
and i am independent of lawyers.
mygodmother left instructions that i was to be given two hundred pounds atonce.
they sent me the cheque this morning."
"what a pattern godmother!
i should have adored that woman.
i don'tneed to know another thing about her.
that tells it all.
she hadimagination; and she had a heart."
"she knew mother," said mary terribly.
she was staring ahead in herusual unseeing fashion, and was unconscious of her companion'sinvoluntary start of dismay.
never before had cassandra heard a childspeak of a parent in such grimly eloquent tones, and the instinct ofcenturies was shocked and distressed.
she froze into herself, and whenshe spoke again her voice had a different tone.
a moment before she hadspoken as a friend, full of sympathy and fellow-feeling, now she was thelady cassandra raynor, entertaining an insignificant guest.
"it's all delightful; quite delightful.
so there is nothing to delayyour movements!
can i give you any addresses?
i know of quite a goodhotel in paris, where i stay when i run over to buy frocks.
not toofashionable, but very comfortable.
quite ideal for a woman alone.
cassandra thawed again at the introduction of acongenial subject.
"_do_ go to my woman!
she's the most understandingcreature, and knows exactly what will suit you before you have been inthe room five minutes."
she screwed up her eyes, and looked mary overwith critical gaze.
"i think it will be blue for you; a deep full blue,and just a touch of white at the throat."
"i've worn blue serge coats and skirts almost every day of my life sincei went to school.
i'm sick of blue," mary said, and cassandra laughedand shuddered at the same moment.
it was so preposterous to comparemary's blue serge with celine's marvellous concoctions of subtly blendedshades.
"i'd make a solemn vow never to wear another!
i'm a great believer inthe influence of clothes.
they account for many of the mysteries ofhuman nature.
you know how conventional men are,--how horrified atanything the least bit out of the ordinary rut.--it's because they havealways to wear coats and trousers cut in the same way, out of the sameuninteresting cloths!
they never know the complete _bouleversement_ offeeling which a woman experiences every day of her life when she changesfrom one style of garment to another.
you put on a blouse and skirt,and you feel active and gamy; you slip into a tea-gown, and want to talkconfidences with a friend; you put on _decolletee_, and feel inclined toflirt, and be frivolous; you wear a tailor-made costume and--go tochurch!
chronic blue serge would depress a saint.
do go to celine,miss mallison!
let me send you the address!"
"i've not decided to go to paris," mary said ungraciously, but the nextmoment she lifted her eyes to cassandra's face and gave a weak littlesmile of apology.
"i've not decided anything.
not even where to gofirst.
i don't seem to care.
you talk about seeing the world, but idon't particularly want to see it.
now that i can go where i choose,i've been trying to think of an interesting place--a place thatinterests me, i mean, but i can't do it.
i've hardly been outsidechumley, and every other place seems unreal.
i used to long to travelwhen i was a girl, but i don't care about it now.
i've grown so used todoing nothing.
perhaps it may be different now that i have my ownmoney."
she hesitated for a moment, then questioned tentatively: "ofcourse you... you have always had enough money."
yes, i suppose i have.
my father was a poor man for hisposition, but we had practically everything we wanted,--horses andcarriages, and beautiful gardens, and change when we needed it, andpretty clothes, and--""and _space_!"
concluded mary for her.
"you have never known what itwas to live in a small house where you can never get more than a fewyards away from other people, never get out of the sound of theirvoices, never have a place which you can call your own, except a coldbedroom.
no place where you can _cry_ without bringing rappings at thedoor...  that's why i want to go away.
i want my money to bring mespace.
i want to feel alone, with space to do as i like, withoutthinking of anyone but myself, or even having anyone to check me if i amfoolish, and reckless, and mad.
i expect i shall be reckless.
it's arelief sometimes to be able to be reckless, lady cassandra!"
"oh, mary mallison, it _is_!"
she slipped her handthrough the other's arm, and said warmly, "i won't send you anyaddresses, i won't give you any advice.
go away and be as reckless asyou can!
and when you come back, come and tell me about it, and i'llrejoice, and not point a single moral.
it's in my heart to be recklesstoo."
"thank you," said mary, and there was a note of real gratitude in hervoice.
lady cassandra was the last person from whom she would haveexpected understanding, but she did understand, and had even confessedto a fellow-feeling.
mary was sufficiently under her mother's influenceto feel that sympathy from the squire's wife was doubly valuable, yetshe was vaguely disquieted, for what was her new-found money going toprocure for her, that was not already in cassandra's possession?
ifmaterial pleasures palled, would the mere fact of liberty be sufficientto fill her heart?
was liberty in her case but another term forloneliness?
mary was silent, feeling as usual that she had nothing tosay.
with arms still linked the two women turned a corner of the path, andfound themselves confronted by the squire and his companions, who wereapproaching from the farther side; but now there was a fourth member ofthe party, for dane peignton walked beside his _fiancee_, smiling downinto her upturned face, and for the moment unobservant of thenew-comers, who were still some distance away.
cassandra's hand jerkedon mary's arm, she was conscious of a rise of colour, and to cover itsaid quickly:"captain peignton has deigned to appear at last.
i asked him to lunch.
teresa should scold him... but i suppose they meet constantly.
are theyto be married quite soon?"
she was glad of an opportunity of putting a question which she longed tohave answered, but had shirked putting into words, but mary's answer wasnot illuminative.
"i hope not."
was this an expression of sisterly affection which dreaded the hour ofseparation?
cassandra could not decide, and it was too late to questionfurther, for dane had seen her and was hurrying forward to offerapologies for his non-appearance at lunch.
teresa followed and stood byhis side, supplementing his explanations with a proprietary air, andmrs mallison beamed proudly in the background.
quite a family party!
she wished certain of the chumley matrons who were apt to be patronisingin their manner, could arrive at this moment, and see her girls thecentre of so distinguished a group.
cassandra was conscious of an intense irritation.
the bulb party pursued its inevitable course.
the guests arrived inlittle groups of three and and four, entered the house at the front andmade their painful way along highly polished corridors, to a doorleading on to the terrace, where cassandra stood waiting to receivethem.
here it was the orthodox thing to intercept greetings withejaculatory exclamations of admiration at the beauty of the floraldisplay, which being done the visitors descended the stone steps, androamed to and fro, picking up other friends _en route_.
at times thepitiful sun shone out, and then the chumley matrons unloosed the featherboas which were an inevitable accessory of their toilettes, and confidedin one another that it was "quite balmy," and anon it retired behind acloud, and gave place to an east wind which came whirling roundunexpected comers, sharp and keen as a knife.
then the matrons thoughtwistfully of the bountifully spread tea tables which they had discernedthrough the windows on the terrace, and consulted watch bracelets to seehow soon they could hope for relief.
there were at least ten womenpresent to every man, and entirely feminine groups were to be seenwandering round from one garden to another, for an hour on end, growingever chillier and more pinched, yet laboriously keeping up an air ofenjoyment.
grizel beverley was the latest guest to appear, having made a compromisewith the weather by donning a white dress with a bodice so diaphanousthat martin had informed her he could see her "thoughts," the which shehad covered with a sable coat.
when the sun shone, she threw open thecoat, and looked a very incarnation of spring, so white and lacy anddaintily exquisite, that coloured costumes became prosaic in contrast.
when the wind blew, she turned up her big storm collar and peered outbetween the upstanding points, so snug and smooth and unwrinkled thatthe pinched faces above the feather boas appeared doubly wan andmiserable.
feminine chumley felt it a little hard to be beaten in bothevents, but bore it the more complacently since it was the bride who wasthe victor.
there was no doubt about it,--grizel was a success, andalready, after but a few months' residence, chumley was at her feet.
she was sometimes "shocking," of course, but as she herself hadpredicted, the sober townspeople took a fearsome pleasure in herextravagances.
they were as a dash of cayenne, which lent a flavour tothe fare of daily life.
moreover, though welcomed with open arms by thecounty, grizel was on most intimate terms with the town.
invitations toafternoon festivities received unfailing acceptance; she made extensivetoilettes in honour of the occasion, ate appreciative teas, and groanedaloud when she failed to win a prize of the value of half a crown.
anything more "pleasant" could not be imagined!
in the more serious role of parish work also, grizel had made her debut.
the mothers' meeting was still waiting time, but one afternoon she hadslipped a little gold thimble and a pair of scissors withmother-of-pearl handles into a vanity-bag, and taken her way to a dorcasmeeting at the vicarage, agreeably expectant of adding a new experienceto life.
the dorcas meeting was held in the dining-room of the vicarage, on thelong table of which lay formidable piles of calico and flannel.
at asecond small table the churchwarden's wife turned the handle of aparticularly unmelodious sewing machine.
over a dozen women sat roundthe room still wearing their bonnets, but denuded of coats and mantles,and balancing upon their knees some future garment for the poor, atwhich they sewed with long, rhythmic stitches.
they were assembledtogether in a holy cause, and under the more or less holy roof of thevicar himself, yet the observant eye could have discerned as much hiddenworldliness in that room as in the most fashionable assembly.
at adorcas meeting everyone was welcome, the wives of tradesmen as well asrepresentatives of the professional and learned classes.
it wasdifficult to keep up the numbers, and since social engagements were lessfrequent in the former class, its members were able to give more regularattendance.
the grocer's wife was a cutter-out with whom no othermember could compete.
she stood at one end of the long table with alength of calico spread out before her, and a pair of gigantic scissorsin her hand.
as she cut still further and further into the material,she leant forward over the table, and automatically her left leg swungout,--a stout, merino-stockinged leg, terminating in a laced leatherboot.
all the members came to her for instructions, and all of themwere agreeable and friendly in manner, but when the cutting process wasover, she retired to a corner of the room where were congregated a fewof her own friends.
the two classes never mixed.
grizel took the work presented to her,--a full-sized garment ofmysterious intent,--and glanced in questioning fashion round the room.
the tradesmen's wives who had been eagerly drinking in the details ofher costume, immediately lowered their eyes to their seams, but fromevery other face beamed a message of invitation.
grizel beamed back,but continued her scrutiny, till finally in the furthermost corner shediscovered the figure of that lonely parishioner who was neither fish,flesh, nor good red herring,--miss bruce, the retired plumber'sdaughter, to whom she had introduced herself at the church decorations.
she waved her bag with a smile of recognition, and carried a chair tothe corner.
it was not the first time that chumley had noticed the extraordinaryintimacy between mrs martin beverley and "poor miss bruce."
they hadbeen seen driving together in the country; grizel's car--a weddingpresent from one of the relatives who had benefited by her marriage--hadbeen observed more than once waiting outside the cottage with the greenporch, and the little maid had divulged consequentially that the lady"dropped in now and then, to play cribbage with the missis."
thechumley matrons were not in the least inclined to follow the lead, andcall upon the plumber's daughter, neither, to tell the truth, did missbruce desire their attentions.
she now looked down upon the town, andcherished sneaking ambitions after the county.
she gave herself airs,and bought an aigrette for her sunday bonnet.
it is doubtful whetherher character was improved by being singled out for such specialattention, but at least she was happy, and happiness had been a charyvisitor in her life.
"this is the first, the very first dorcas meeting i have ever been to inall my life," announced grizel, smiling.
"and d'you know i believe it'smy first introduction to calico.
this is calico, isn't it?
i rather like the smell.
do people really use it for undies?
rather,--just a little--gritty,--don't you think?"
"personally," miss bruce said primly, "i do not use calico.
not thatthread, mrs beverley!
it's too fine.
let me give you a length...what has mrs thompson given you to make?"
grizel made a feint of unrolling the calico under cover of an upraisedarm.
"i shouldn't wish it mentioned in society,--but it's a comby!
a combyfor a giant, or for a fat woman at a show.
_look_ at the waist width!
and i don't believe she'll ever be so long from the waist to theshoulder.
it will bag over her corsets, and make her back round.
couldn't i take out a reef in the waist, and join it again with a bit ofembroidery?"
"we don't put embroidery on dorcas garments."
"not the teeniest bit?
even at the top?"
"never; but the bands are feather-stitched round the neck."
grizel adopted an air of severity.
"i call it immoral.
i shall speak to the vicar.
no woman can beself-respecting in a calico band!...
can i cut out a piece andjoin it to itself?
its against my principles to let it bag."
"mrs beverley, it won't bag!
it might with you.
ofcourse if it were for you--"grizel's eyes opened in a round-eyed stare.
"aren't they the same shape as i am?"
miss bruce made an unexpected answer.
she looked the bride over, takingin the graceful lines of the beautiful body which had the slightness ofa fay, an almost incredible slightness, but which was yet so rounded andsupple that by no possibility could it have been called thin...  shelooked, and she shook her head.
"no, mrs beverley," she said firmly.
"they are not."
grizel sewed industriously all afternoon, and on departing exhibited anexquisitely neat seam for mrs evans's inspection.
"never say i can't sew!"
she said complacently.
"this afternoon hastaken me back to my childhood, when i used to hem handkerchiefs and bitsof finger at the same time."
she pointed dramatically to a small redstain in the middle of the seam.
"in more ways than one.
isn't it piteous?"
mrs evans threw a protesting glance.
very nicely done; very nicely indeed!
she folded up the garment as she spoke, and with a swift movement placedit at the bottom of a pile.
not for a contribution towards the organfund would she have betrayed the fact that grizel had sewed a leg seamto a sleeve!
from all sections of the community grizel beverley was sure of awelcome, and on the afternoon of the bulb party she had a special reasonfor being her most charming self, a reason which she had found in theweariness of cassandra's eyes.
the two friends had descended theterrace steps together, but had separated at the bottom, the hostess totalk to as many of her guests as possible before they adjourned to thehouse for tea.
cassandra was conscious that each group stiffened intoattention at her approach, and that natural manners suffered an eclipsewhile she was present.
invariably the same stereotyped remarks wererepeated.
"how large the hyacinths are this year.
how charming theblue squills look against the bright yellow of the daffodils.
thehepaticas are finer than ever...  how very early for iris!"
eight years had she lived among these people, yet sheremained the merest acquaintance, while grizel beverley was already afriend.
a month ago she had been proudly indifferent to her ownunpopularity, but to-day it hurt.
she was so overwhelmingly lonely thata craving was upon her for human companionship which in some measuremight rill the void.
she moved about from one group of guests toanother, always skilfully turning in an opposite direction when shecaught sight of a fair girl in a blue dress, accompanied by a tall manin grey; until presently, with the feeling of reaching a haven, shefound herself alone with the vicar's wife.
mrs evans looked with concern upon the small, brilliantly coloured faceunder the fashionable hat.
she noticed how little flesh there was onthe finely modelled cheeks, how sharp cut was the bridge of the nose.
the girl looked delicate; she was too thin; taken in conjunction withthe tired eyes, that exquisite flush could not be healthy.
there was amotherliness in the good woman's manner which pierced through the crustof dignity as she put her hand through cassandra's arm, and said kindly:"you look tired, dear!
i hope you didn't feel cold standing about onthe terrace.
it is exposed, and the wind is chill.
are you quite well,cassandra?"
"i think so.
don't i look well?"
cassandra felt a relief in thethought that her depression might be physical.
"you know i am alwaysunhappy at these functions.
i am not a good hostess, and it worries meto know what to say.
i'm so thankful i'm not a vicar's wife!
that mustbe even worse.
doesn't it bore you to extinction to be everlastinglytwo people,--yourself with your nice natural impulses--and the vicar'swife who has no business to have impulses at all!
doesn't it bore youterribly to be always _ex officio_?"
mrs evans hesitated.
she intensely wanted to say yes, but that highlytrained article, her conscience, would not allow the deception.
thecolour deepened on her large, plain face as she said slowly:"i _did_ find it a trial in early years.
of late the trial has come tome in another fashion.
i am perhaps a little too ready to enjoy theimportance of my position."
cassandra's laugh rang out with sudden gaiety.
she gripped the largearm, and said with a charming indulgence:"ah, but why shouldn't you?
if you _do_ manage us, it's for our owngood.
it's sweet of you to take the trouble...  mrs evans, marymallison has been here to lunch, and i've been talking to her.
hermother is vastly excited about this windfall, but the girl herself doesnot seem capable of anything but relief at the thought of getting awayfrom home.
i'm afraid she's been rather desperately unhappy.
itsurprises me that she could suffer so much.
i thought she was one ofthose dull women who are contented to jog along in any rut in which theyare placed, and never demand anything for themselves."
"do you think there are any such women, cassandra?"
"i am quite sure there are not."
cassandra knitted her brows and stared intently into the face of thewoman, who was a virtual father confessor to the parish.
if mrs evanswere sure, what right had she to question; but the thought held a sting.
"but--if not, there must be so horribly many who are wretched!"
"there are," mrs evans said.
a moment later: "wretched is a strongword, cassandra," she added, "perhaps it would be better to say`disappointed.'
there are very few women who get to my age who are notmaking a fight against some sort of disappointment.
they are very braveabout it, for the most part, and cover it up so successfully that theworld does not suspect; but the fight goes on.
i get many peeps behindthe scenes; it's part of my work.
sickness comes or loss, and then itis a comfort to speak out and unburden the heart.
i've been amazed atthe number of hidden sorrows in the places where i least expected them.
i have looked down on a woman as frivolous and commonplace, and havecome away after half an hour's confidences looking up to her as aheroine."
cassandra turned her head and looked up and down the diverging paths.
women everywhere, crowds of women, old and young, and heavilymiddle-aged, talking, smiling, bearing themselves with complacent airs.
it was a ghastly, a hideous thought that they were all suffering someinner smart!
she had believed that she was an exception, but accordingto mrs evans it was not the sufferer who was the exception, but thechild of the sunshine, who, like fortunate grizel, was endowed with thegift of happiness.
"all of them?"
cried cassandra sharply.
"oh, not all!
they look socalm and comfortable.
i couldn't bear to think that under the mask theywere all suffering!"
"they are not, my dear; they are forgetting!
that's the lesson so manyof us have to learn,--to forget the unattainable, and make the best ofwhat remains.
and every innocent distraction that comes along, likethis party to-day, to see your beautiful flowers, helps a step along theroad."
"suppose," said cassandra slowly, "one did not wish to forget?"
the vicar's wife shook her head.
"one rarely does.
it is easier to cling hold.
but it's possible to askoneself a straight question...  which is going to make life easier formyself, and the people around me,--to cling hold, or,--to let go?
itsaps one's vitality to grieve over the unattainable, and in most livesthere _is_ an unattainable.
there are not many women so fortunate asyou, cassandra!"
mrs evans spoke in good faith.
she had a sincere liking for thesquire, who as a patron was not only generous, but delightfully freefrom the dreaded vice of interference.
when consulted on churchmatters, he would shrug his shoulders, and declare that it was all oneto him.
so long as the music was passable, and the sermons kept withina ten minutes' limit, he could be relied upon to give liberally, and tomake no complaints.
truly a patron in a hundred!
such a man could notfail to be a kind husband.
moreover, the touch of snobbishness in mrsevans's nature invested cassandra's position in the county with a mostsatisfying importance, while the presence of the needful heir made thepicture complete.
youth, beauty, wealth, a fine position, a kindlyhusband, a strong young son,--what more could a woman desire?
"but youmust be careful not to take cold!"
she added remindfully.
cassandra gave a short, mirthless laugh, but before she had time tospeak her husband and grizel turned the corner of the path, and bernard,with his usual lack of ceremony, beckoned to her to approach.
he lookedflushed and worried, and with a word of apology to mrs evans, cassandrahurried to meet him.
"here you are at last!
been searching all over.
trust you to hideyourself out of sight.
i want you at the house.
there'sbeen an accident.
peignton--"cassandra straightened herself hastily.
the flower-beds with theirblaze of colour whizzed round in kaleidoscopic fashion before her eyes.
she felt very cold, and faint.
grizel's voice sounded a long way off,speaking with a studied distinctness.
"a _slight_ accident!
only his ankle.
he was doing something in therockery, clambering over the big stones, and one turned over...  thesquire sent for an old bath chair in the stables, and he has beenwheeled into the plant room.
there is a terrific discussion going on asto what next.
can't you come and take away _some_ of mrs mallison?"
cassandra turned homeward without a word, the squire walking by herside, waving his hands in excitement.
"she wants to drag him home with her in that shandrydan!
says he'll belonely at home, and would have teresa.
there's a time forall things,--a man can't be bothered with love-making when his foot isgiving him blue lightnings.
shake him to pieces driving over thoseroads!
jevons can get him to bed here, and look after him properly.
i'll wire to that swedish fellow to come down, and he'll have him on hisfeet in two or three days.
we'll put him in the blue room, next to theden, and he can wheel in on a sofa to-morrow.
now back me up!"
"what does captain peignton say?
it is he who must decide.
he mayprefer--""oh, rats!"
the squire waved impatiently.
"he won't prefer.
teresa's a fine girl, but that mother is the limit.
she'd drivepeignton daft, mewed up in that little house.
i know what i'm talkingabout,--what you've got to do is to back me up!
you're always so deucedready with objections.
he's hurt himself here, and he's going to stayhere till he's better.
i've made up my mind."
the squire stormed on, repeating the same things over and over againuntil the house was reached, and he led the way through a doorway levelwith the ground into a large, bare room furnished with a couple ofchairs, a few cupboards, and a long central table.
it was a room usedby the gardeners for the arrangement of flowers for the house, and hadbeen chosen on the present occasion as offering the easiest access tothe bath chair.
cassandra's eyes darted past a group of female figuresand rested on peignton's face, pale and drawn, though resolutelycomposed.
the realisation that he was suffering put an end tohesitation, and she swept forward, ignoring an opening chorus ofexplanations, and said firmly:"his foot ought to be raised.
it ought to be bathed at once.
the shoemust be cut off."
mrs mallison was loud in assent.
"i said so, lady cassandra; i said so!
i've been talking to him for thelast ten minutes.
_folly_ to waste time!
the trap is in the stable,and we could be home in half an hour.
i want to take him home with me,lady cassandra.
the best thing, isn't it?
so dull for a man with asprained ankle,... but he'd have teresa.
teresa would amuse him.
dolet me order the trap!"
"my dear madam, it's madness.
the poor beggar can't stand a drive.
he'd better get off to bed upstairs, and i'll wire for the swedishfellow who put me to rights last year.
my man knows how to startoperations, and he can begin right away.
marvellous how those swedestreat sprains!
i was laid up a solid six weeks with the same ankle tenyears ago under a country g.p.
sprained it again last year, and calledin this masseur fellow, and in four days--"the squire was safely launched on a favourite story, staring from onefeminine hearer to the other, demanding full attention.
cassandraturned her head and looked steadily at dane.
she meant that look to bea question, and the question received its answer.
if ever a man's eyesexpressed appeal, dane's expressed it at that moment.
with all theintensity which eyes could express, he threw himself at her mercy.
"i think," said cassandra clearly, "captain peignton had better stay.
it will be quicker in the end.
teresa must come up and amuse him here."
she laid her hand on the girl's arm with a kindly pressure.
"you willstay and look after him now, till my husband finds jevons.
there is anold carrying chair in the box-room, which will get over the difficultyof the stairs.
shall we lead the way to tea?"
the next moment the room was empty save for the engaged pair.
teresaknew that the opportunity had been made, and knew that she ought to begrateful, but she was anxious and miserable, and more than a littlewounded by her lover's unwillingness to accept her mother's invitation.
"i should have _liked_ to nurse you, dane!"
she said reproachfully, anddane pressed his lips in a spasm of pain, and rejoined quietly:"i know, dear.
thank you, but it's better as it is.
i'll beconfoundedly glad to get this shoe off, and try what sponging will do.
you'll come up?"
she leant against the side of the bath chair,and held out a tentative hand.
"i wish it had been me!
i'd rather bearit myself a dozen times.
it _will_ help you, won't it, dane, if i comeand sit beside you?
if i were ill, i'd want more than anything elsejust to see your face!"
"bless you, teresa!
you're a dear girl," dane said, smiling, but hiseyes wandered wistfully to the doorway.
the squire was right.
a man inpain has no zest for love-making.
a woman would welcome it with herdying breath.
by nine o'clock in the evening the swedish masseur had arrived, andbegun his manipulations.
he promised that his patient should walk bythe end of five or six days, and at the squire's request agreed to putup at the court for that period, giving several treatments a day.
hisfee made peignton grimace, but he had to admit that it was cheap incomparison with weeks of inactivity.
a telephone message brought acouple of bags filled with his clothes and toilette accessories, and hesettled down to rest with the satisfaction of a man relieved from pain,and agreeably expectant of the future.
raynor was a good fellow; no onecould have been kinder, and it certainly was a comfort to have theservices of a trained man at this point, and to be housed in a bigestablishment, where there were possibilities of moving from room toroom on the same floor, or even of being carried up and downstairswithout feeling oneself too intolerable a burden.
there were always twoor three lazy fellows hanging about, who would be the better for usingtheir muscles.
peignton gave a little shudder of distaste at thethought of the fluster which would have accompanied every movement, ifhe had accepted mrs mallison's invitation to the cottage.
had offered to nurse him, but the thing was not possible.
convention would have forbidden her attending him in bed, and how thedeuce was he to get up with no one to help?
he wondered between a laughand a groan, if mrs mallison would have offered motherly services!
andthen he thought of cassandra, standing slim and straight, the littledeer-like head turned over her shoulder, looking at him with questioningeyes.
what a picture she had made!
thinking of it conjured up otherpictures.
he envisaged them one by one, as he lay in the darkness.
cassandra on the day of grizel beverley's reception seated beside him inthe closed car, the softness of chinchilla beneath her chin; cassandraplaying bridge, tapping the green baize with the long, lovely hand onwhich the emerald flashed; cassandra at the church decorations standingwith upraised arms against a background of leaves; cassandra looking athim down the length of her own dining-table, the bare slimness of herthroat rising above the bank of flowers.
each picture seemed morebeautiful, more appealing than the last.
he wondered dreamily what itwas which formed this quality of appeal.
was it the touch of physicalfragility which underlaid her bloom, or a finer spiritual need whichcalled to a force within his own breast, a force which recognised thecall!
always in cassandra's presence he had the consciousness ofwaiting for an opportunity to serve; always he had the consciousness ofneed.
he told himself he would be a happier man if it were ever givento him to be of service to cassandra raynor.
and then, with a real tenderness, he thought of his _fiancee_,--theloving, kind-hearted woman-girl who was to be his wife.
the mysteriousglamour of a lady cassandra was far removed from the practical commonsense of teresa mallison; but life was largely composed of thecommonplace, and he knew that not once, but a hundred times over in thedays to come, he would have cause to be thankful for a wife who could bea partner in deed as well as in name.
he thought of teresa's voice asshe said: "i should have liked to nurse you, dane!"
and felt a pang ofremorse.
he hoped he had not been inconsiderate.
he hoped the deargirl was not hurt.
he would write her a line in the morning and explainthat... that really...  well, hang it!
it was simple enough...  therewas only one spare room at the cottage.
where could the masseur haveslept?
there were many adequate reasons for his choice which he couldadvance in a letter; now that he was quietly settled in bed they crowdedinto his mind, but looking back at the moment of decision, he knew hehad acted from no definite reason, but simply from an overpoweringdesire.
the chance of staying at the court had been given him.
it wasnot in him to refuse.
the next morning immediately after his treatment peignton was wheeledinto an upstairs sitting-room, where his couch was placed in a windowaffording a view of the terraced gardens.
cassandra came in dressed fordriving, made a few arrangements for his comfort, and immediatelydisappeared; later on the squire lounged in, smoked a pipe, anddiscussed items in the morning paper, and disappeared in his turn.
bynoon dane was alone, and the hour and a half before luncheon hungheavily.
luncheon was served to him in his room,--a solitary repast,and the sense of disappointment grew when the table was cleared, andstill no one appeared to bear him company.
books and papers galore werewithin reach, an electric bell would at any moment summon an attendant,but a man accustomed to an outdoor life soon wearies of reading, and asminute after minute ticked away, peignton became conscious of anoverpowering impatience.
he threw down his book, seized the electricbell, and pressed his finger on the button.
in less than two minutes amanservant appeared in the doorway.
"is the squire in the house?"
"i am not sure, sir.
i will enquire."
"ask him to come up, will you?
tell him i'm lonely."
the man bowed, and retired.
five minutes passed, and the sound of lightfootsteps was heard from without; the door opened and cassandra lookedat him, smiling under raised brows.
why should i be asleep?"
"invalids always sleep after lunch."
"i'm not an invalid.
i'm a well man tied by the leg.
i don't know howa real invalid feels, but i never was further off sleep in my life!
isent to ask the squire to take pity on me.
i'm so confoundedly tired ofmyself."
"he is out, but teresa will be here soon after four.
i invited her totea."
peignton looked at the clock, and his face fell.
"it's only three.
there's an hour and more, before then."
"does that mean that you want--"she stopped, smiling, and he answered with eager haste:"yes, _please_!
you are not engaged?"
"oh, no, i am very seldom engaged.
i was in my boudoir working at myembroidery.
i'll have it brought in here."
she disappeared, to come back a few minutes later followed by a maidcarrying an oak stand, which she placed near the couch.
the standproved to be the latest improvement in embroidery frames, the stretchedwork being swung between upright wooden supports, which were connectedat their base by a cross-beam, so as to do service as a footstool.
thewhile cassandra selected her chair and a small table for workingmaterials, peignton peered with awed curiosity at the work in process.
he beheld what appeared at first sight to be a water-colour painting,the subject a southern garden, wherein a marble balustrade was overhungby an orange tree in fruit.
the distance showed a glimpse of a bluelake, against which three dark cypress trees were sharply outlined.
beside the balustrade walked the lady of the garden, a stately dame, ina robe of gold-embroidered brocade, ermine lined, and falling open overa petticoat of shimmering blue.
her hair was caught in a golden net,she carried in her arms a sheaf of lilies.
on the ground by her feetfluttered a flock of pigeons.
several parts of the background were unfinished, but enough had beendone to give the effect of completion, and peignton's admiration andastonishment were equally great.
it was the first example of needleworkpainting which he had seen, and he was full of interest, craning forwardon his seat to watch, while cassandra seated herself, placed her feet onthe cross-board, and tilting the frame to the right angle, plied hersilks in quick, sure stitches, holding the right hand above, and theother beneath the frame.
she was completing a corner of theunder-dress, and she showed him how, to gain the desired shot effect,she had twisted together half-threads of green and blue.
"it is the most difficult thing in the world to get silks that areindefinite enough to work the little odd bits," she explained.
"you canget every colour--exquisite colours, but they are so clear, and strong,and new, and unpicturesque!
i have to take refuge in all sorts ofdodges.
i dip the white silks in tea, and coffee, to take off theglare; and the greys in ink, to make them cloudy, and the rose and bluein acids to tone them down into an old-world softness.
sometimes i dyeone end of a skein, and leave the other untouched; that gives quite agood effect.
i'm always on the look out for old silks, but they aredifficult to find, and the ordinary fancy-work emporium-keeper has notawakened to the needs of pictures.
when i asked one the other day for acolour to work an old brick wall, she gaped at me as if i were mad.
however, with cunning and ingenuity, i have managed to collect quite auseful selection...""you don't--excuse me!
treat them with much consideration, now that youhave got them," peignton said, lifting a tangled mass of colour from thetable, and smoothing it with careful fingers.
"i remember my motherdoing crewel-work in the days of my youth, and having each separateshade run through a kind of tunnel business in a roll of linen.
youpulled a thread from the roll, and--there you were!
_they_ never grewmatted into balls."
my mother did too, but--excuse me, they lacked the realartistic temperament.
people with real artistic temperaments invariablytangle their silks, if only for the joy of seeing the glorious mass ofcolour they make matted together.
of course, if they chance to possessan idle friend, whose hands are itching for work--""may i?
oh, that's splendid.
i have a passion for unravelling string.
this will keep me quiet for quite a long time.
tell me what colour youwant next, and i'll coax him out!"
a strand of each.
if you like to experiment you can tryuntwisting them, and mixing the shades."
cassandra stitched on, a smile on her lips, but dane, having extractedthe desired threads with unexpected ease, was too much engrossed inwatching to make any further effort on his own account.
the graceful,wholly feminine pose was another picture to add to the mental gallery.
his eyes followed the sweep of the right hand, and he saidinvoluntarily:"that's a beautiful ring!
i noticed it the first time i played bridgewith you.
i've never seen you without it.
it's the most beautiful ringi have ever seen."
she stayed her work to turn her hand and look at the ring with ascrutinising glance.
"yes; it's a good stone.
i like it too.
it wasmy mother's," she said calmly.
there was no consciousness in her faceof the beauty of the hand itself.
the thoughtful look was the result ofa puzzling question.
as peignton's admiration for emeralds was sogreat, why had he not given one to his _fiancee_ instead of the orthodoxrow of diamonds?
as though one personal remark called forth another,she turned suddenly to him and asked, "how did you fall yesterday?
everyone told a different tale.
were you really climbing over therockery?"
i'm afraid i did some damage to the bulbs as well as myself,but you had told me that the saxifrages were partial to boots.
ithought i was perfectly safe.
i _was_, until by bad luck i stepped onto one of those big--er--""clinkers?"
that's it, and it rolled over and brought me with it,with my foot twisted beneath me."
"it had probably been put in this year.
the old, moss-covered stonesare safe enough.
i'm sorry if i misled you.
what did you want to do?"
to her surprise the colour rose in his cheeks.
he took up the tangledsilks and smoothed them out with elaborate precaution.
"i wanted a sprig of that sweet stuff for my coat.
the sweet stuff youwore the afternoon we ran away."
there was a tone in his voice which quickened the beat of cassandra'sheart, but she shrugged her shoulders with an affectation ofresignation.
"you are determined to put the blame on me!
by your own account i seemto have lured you on by both precept and example.
what would men dowithout the poor women to carry the blame?
bernard is never reallyconsoled about any mishap until he has traced its origin back to me.
it's difficult sometimes when it's some matter connected with the land,about which i know nothing, but he had a bright inspiration about thatone day, and declared that things had gone wrong because i _didn't_interest myself!
if i _had_ taken an interest, the deal would have beena success!
i used to defend myself at one time.
now i don't.
i knowthat one of the ways i can help him is by letting him work off hisirritation by blaming someone else.
in his heart he knows perfectlywell that he is talking nonsense.
at least, i suppose he does!
_i_always know when i'm deceiving myself."
the blood rushed to her face as she finished speaking, for an innervoice seemed to jeer at the spoken words, to laugh with a saturnineunbelief.
she hurried breathlessly on: "in your case, i do really seemto blame.
i did mislead you.
i was in a truant mood that afternoon,and forgot my responsibilities.
you must forgive me, and let me do alli can to help your convalescence."
"thanks," peignton said absently.
he sighed with profound regret.
"that summer-house is so far away.
i shan't be able to get so far.
ishould have enjoyed another tea.
what about the bath chair?"
cassandra shook her head.
"that summer-house is my own special property.
i admit a friend onoccasion, but never more than one.
i even put up with tinned milk,rather than let the household know where i disappear for so many of themissing teas.
if one of the men wheeled your chair for you, there wouldbe no more chance of running away."
peignton's look showed a latent jealousy.
"whom have you taken there besides myself?"
one or two only, until the last months.
the jealousy was still to the fore.
"you are very devoted to mrs beverley?"
"i'm thankful to say, i am!
i needed a woman friend, and we werefriends at once.
there were no preliminary stages.
at our secondmeeting it seemed absurd to address each other by formal titles.
i knewher better at that early stage, than many of the women who have been myneighbours for years."
"i should have thought," peignton said slowly, "that at this period ofher existence mrs beverley was too much engrossed with her man to haveany interest to spare for an outside friendship."
the latent grudge sounded in his voice.
cassandra discerned it, andturned upon him with a smile.
without troubling to think why orwherefore, she knew that he was jealous of her intimacy with grizel, andthe knowledge was balm to her soul.
"i'll tell you a secret!"
she said, stopping her work to emphasise herwords with uplifted finger.
"_no_ man can altogether engross a woman!
however good, and fine, and tender he may be, there's still a needwithin her that only a woman can fill.
the happiest married woman needsa woman friend.
the better the husband, the more she needs her.
a goodman is so aggravatingly free from littlenesses.
he objects togrumbling; he makes the best of misfortunes; he refuses to repeatgossip; he has a tiresome habit of imagining that his wife meanseverything she says.
if a woman is to endure a good husband with anyresignation, she must have another woman near by with whom she can letherself go!"
they laughed together, and cassandra stretched out her hand for thesilks which dane was smoothing between his palms.
just for a moment thetwo hands touched, but after that moment there followed a pause ofmutual self-consciousness.
cassandra bent her head, unwinding andre-winding her silks with careful deliberation.
dane played with thetangled ball, longing, yet not daring to ask what shade would be nextrequired.
he looked with distaste upon the two separate threads;wondering how long they would take to work.
when cassandra spoke again,she surprised him by a personal question:"how soon are you to be married, captain peignton?"
for a moment he stared in surprise.
then he laughed.
"apropos of good husbands?"
"i was not thinking of the connection, but let us hope it _is_ apropos.
soon, i suppose?
men are generally impatient."
he knit his brows, and appeared to consider the subject.
"i don't know that i am impatient.
being engaged is quite a pleasantcondition.
it's an opportunity of getting thoroughly acquainted.
itdoesn't seem fair on the girl to rush her into a hasty marriage.
and inthe meantime i have no settled home.
i could leave the moat at anytime, if there were a sufficient reason, but paley will be home inautumn.
i should like to stay on until his return.
it has fitted invery well for me having the run of the place while he is away, and idon't want to make a convenience of him.
he wants me to put up at themoat over christmas, and have some hunting, and then, if i can find it,i'd like a small agency just to add the jam to my own bread.
perhapsnext spring..."a year from now!
cassandra was conscious of mingled dismay and relief.
a year more of friendship and understanding; a year more of unrest.
forher own sake she could not decide whether she were glad or regretful,but she thought of mrs mallison and the pile of catalogues on a tablewhen she had paid her visit of congratulation, and from her heart shewas sorry for teresa.
"i was engaged for six weeks," she said, shrugging, and dane opened hislips eagerly, choked back the coming words, and mumbled a conventionalastonishment.
she longed to know what he had been about to say!
for the next half-hour cassandra stitched steadily at the under-robe ofthe pictured dame, but peignton had not another chance of feeling theelectric thrill of contact as his fingers met hers.
she declared thathe ruffled the surface of the silks, and insisted upon unravelling forherself.
at half-past four a manservant announced teresa's arrival.
she had beenshown into the drawing-room, and cassandra rose to go to her, gatheringher work materials together on the table.
peignton's eyes were wistfulas they followed her movements; again she had the impression that he wason the point of speaking some eager words, but again he checked himself,and was silent.
"i will bring teresa up to you," she said quickly.
"you will enjoy atalk with her before tea."
at five o'clock tea was carried into the den, and the squire andcassandra came in to share in the meal.
they found teresa sitting closeto the couch, in a somewhat aggressive attitude of possession.
she hadless colour than usual, and her eyes looked tired, and peignton's firstwords concerned her health.
"this girl has no business to be out," he said kindly.
"she is quitehoarse and wheezy.
i tell her she is a dozen times worse than i am.
i'm afraid she has taken a chill."
"oh, teresa, _don't_ be ill after my bulb party!"
"every year i have a batch of colds on my conscience, and this yearthere is an ankle thrown in.
i'll order the car for you later on, andyou must take half a dozen remedies to-night, to nip it in the bud."
"it's no use," teresa said gloomily.
"all the remedies in the worldwon't stop my colds when they once get a start.
they begin on my chest,and work steadily up to my head, and i'm fit for nothing but a desertisland for a week or ten days.
i came out to-day because i knew itwould be my last chance.
i shall be worse for it, of course; but idon't care.
i had to see dane."
cried peignton with an air of imparting solace, "if you aregoing to drive home there is no need to hurry.
now that the squire isin and we are a four, what about a game of bridge?"
"well thought of!
so we will!
cried the squire heartily.
teresa smiled; a thin, artificial smile.
at seven o'clock cassandra wrapped her visitor in a warm coat, andwalked beside her down the staircase.
during the pauses of the game thewheezing of which dane had spoken had been distinctly audible, and therewas no doubt that the girl was in the initial stage of a chest cold.
she was low-spirited too, impatient with the contrariety of fate.
"just my luck!"
she said crossly.
"now, of all times, when dane hasthis tiresome ankle, and needs me to cheer him up.
a man hates sittingstill, and of course you have a hundred engagements.
if he'd been withus, i could have amused him all day long."
"it wouldn't have been very amusing for him, if you had been in bed withan attack of bronchitis!
it _is_ hard luck, teresa.
but you must nurseyourself, and get better quickly.
captain peignton will soon be able tocome to see you.
till then, i'll do everything i can."
"oh, i know you will.
you are most awfully kind.
cried teresa eloquently.
cassandra went back to her boudoir, and stood face to face with her ownthoughts.
what a complex thing was human nature; how many separateselves went up to make a whole!
one part of her was sorry, quitehonestly and unfeignedly sorry for teresa, in that she was debarred fromministering to her lover during his confinement; another part rejoicedwith a ruthless joy.
for three or four days out of a lifetime, fate haddecreed that dane should be left in her own charge, dependent upon herfor society.
she clutched at her chance with greedy hands.
"they are all i shall have.
i shall have to live on them all my life,"cassandra said in her heart.
then her lips trembled, and she spokealoud in a low, trembling voice.
"i suppose i love him.
i supposethat's what it means.--i _know_ i love him!
oh, teresa, it won't hurtyou to spare him to me for just four days!"
teresa's attack of bronchitis kept her on the sick list for severalweeks, and it was not until she was able to go about the house as usual,that mary found an opportunity for escape.
every morning when mrs mallison was fresh and vigorous after a night ofuninterrupted sleep, she informed the wearied night nurse that no moneyin the world could be so sweet as the privilege of ministering to a dearone in the hour of suffering: every evening when she was fatigued by theday's fussings to and fro, she prophesied her own imminent decease, andput it to mary, as a christian woman, how she would feel if she took herhand from the yoke!
out of her husband's hearing also she sang constantlaments on the price of patent foods and fresh eggs, and gaveinstructions that on the first moment of sickening, she herself was tobe despatched to the district hospital.
teresa, tossing restlessly onher pillows, would interpose an impatient, "oh, mother, don't be silly!"
but mary had relapsed into her old silence, and automatically continuedthe work in hand, vouchsafing no reply.
but in her bedroom the big newbox was packed ready for flight, and every evening before she went tobed, she took her cheque-book from her desk, and fingered it withreverent touches.
everything was ready.
quietly and steadily she had made herpreparations, and on the morning when teresa made her first reappearanceat breakfast, the last barrier was withdrawn.
"_so_ nice to be all together again!"
mrs mallison cried gushingly.
"plenty of fresh air, and you will soon look quite yourself, dear child.
the captain would be sad if you lost your pretty colour.
mary shalltake you a nice walk this morning.
elm road, and round by the larches.
that will be sunny and sheltered.
you can start at eleven."
"i shall not be able to take teresa a walk.
i am going to london thismorning by the 10:50," said mary quietly.
there was a moment's silence.
teresa bit her lip to repress a laugh,mrs mallison, crimson-cheeked, checked herself on the verge of angrywords, and cast a glance at her husband.
"my dear," said the major courteously, "i wish you a very pleasant time.
i will order a fly to take your luggage."
no one accompanied mary to the station.
mrs mallison detained teresaon the score of draughts.
everybody knew that stations were the mostdraughty places in the world; since there was now no one to help, sheherself must take teresa a walk.
they could go round by the fish shop,and order a sole.
since she was to be left alone to cope with thehousehold, she must get into the habit of fitting things in.
the majorretired to his study, obviously ill at ease, and reappeared only at thelast moment, to peck at his daughter's cheek with chilly lips, andreiterate, "my dear, i wish you a pleasant time," but mary caught aglimpse of his bald head at the window as the fly crawled down the lane,and it did not raise her spirits to remember that she had wounded herfather's heart.
that morning, for the first time in her life, marytravelled in a first-class carriage, an experience far from exciting,since it meant remaining in solitary splendour for the whole of thejourney.
she found little improvement in comfort, but so far fromregretting the expenditure of extra shillings, dwelt on it as the onlysatisfying part of the proceeding.
it was a real joy to her to havedisbursed eighteen shillings, when only six were necessary, for to awoman who has escaped the miser taint, the mere action of spending has alure, and mary had counted pennies all her life.
she sat staring out ofthe dusty windows, wondering even at this eleventh hour where she shouldgo when she reached her destination.
the question was not solved, whenshe found herself seated in a taxi, with the driver's head peeringthrough the window, awaiting instructions.
"could you--i want to go to an hotel, a _good_ hotel.
it must be verygood, but not--not too fashionable," said mary, with a blush, and thekindly cockney ran a twinkling glance over her attire, and took in theposition in a trice.
"you leave it to me, ma'am.
i'll fix you up," he said genially, andsprang to his wheel.
"northumberland avenue's _her_ touch," he said tohimself with a grin, and presently mary was alighting before a great,gloomy-looking building, and entering a hall which to her inexperiencedeyes seemed alarmingly large and luxurious.
there were groups of peoplesitting here and there, who had apparently no other occupation but tostare at new-comers; but after the most cursory glance no one stared atmary.
the fashionably attired women averted their eyes with an air ofhaving wasted trouble for nothing.
at the office, the clerk gave the same quick scrutiny, and saw a chanceof letting an unpopular room.
he rang a bell, gave instructions to anunderling, and mary mounted in a lift to inspect a grim, box-likeapartment, papered in yellow, from which the nearness of a neighbouringbuilding excluded every ray of sun.
the smart chambermaid played herpart with skill, throwing open the wardrobe, and arranging towels on thestand with a confidence which froze mary's objections unsaid.
perhaps,after all, there was nothing to say; perhaps all hotel bedrooms werealike!
mary washed her hands, smoothed her already smooth hair, and betookherself to the great dining-hall where luncheon was in process.
theroom was more than half filled, and the waiter led the way to a tablesome distance from the door, a dreaded ordeal on which mary wasted muchunnecessary nervousness.
despite her experience in the hall, she stilldreaded the scrutiny of strange eyes, and in imagination felt herselfthe observed of all observers.
a strange figure in chumley high streetattracted general curiosity; to walk up the church aisle in a new dress,was to hear every pew creak behind one.
at the private hotels which shehad visited at the seaside, the arrival of a new inmate roused the wholeestablishment to animation; to a lesser extent mary was prepared to beof importance in london also.
but no one looked at her.
not a singlehead turned as she trotted with short, nervous steps in the wake of theforeign waiter; when, tentatively, she lifted her eyes from her plate,diners to right and left were consuming their food with an utterdisregard of her presence.
mary took courage, and began to look abouton her own account; presently she realised that no courage was required.
seated in the midst of a crowd she was virtually as much alone as on adesert island.
after lunch she dressed herself, and went out into thestreet.
on the broad outer step of the hotel she hesitated, uncertainin which direction to turn, and the porter enquired if she wished ataxi.
it seemed easier to assent than refuse, so she allowed herself tobe assisted into the tonneau of a passing car, and for the second timethat day faced the problem of deciding where to go.
the reflection ofher own hat in a strip of mirror settled the question,--the hat whichhad aged unaccountably since morning!
she directed the man to drive toa good milliner's, and was set down before the door of a noted robber inhead-gear.
the next half-hour was a nightmare of discomfort.
it began with theopening of the swing door, and the view into the luxurious, theterrifying luxurious _salon_ within.
the floor was covered with thesoftest of carpets, cushioned lounges were set round the walls,reflected in mirrors were the figures of nymph-like forms, withwonderful coiffures of gold and auburn.
the same mirrors reflected thesmall, navy-blue figure standing in the doorway, and the contrast wasnot encouraging.
one of the nymphs floated forward, bowed mary to a chair, and took offher hat and veil, the which she placed in horrible conspicuousness on amarble-topped table.
this done she floated away, leaving mary to faceher own reflection, and give surreptitious touches to her flattenedlocks.
never had she harboured any delusions about her own appearance,but it had remained for that moment to show her the extent of herlimitations.
when the nymph came back she bore in her hand a helmeterection, from which two brush-like feathers protruded at unexpectedangles.
mary's exclamation expressed unmitigated distaste, but thenymph was plainly accustomed to such manifestations, and not to bediscouraged thereby.
she merely proceeded to drop it in place, like abasin covering a mould, remarking in airy tones that "it lookeddifferent on the head."
sheer horror at her own appearance gave mary strength to tearit off, and declare that nothing would induce her to be seen in such amonstrosity, whereupon the nymph smiled with an ineffable forbearance,and produced another model more exaggerated than the first.
it wasduring the sixth sortie for fresh supplies that mary seized her own hat,and thrust in the pins with feverish haste.
not another moment wouldshe remain to be tortured.
was not her mind already stored with sixnightmare portraits of her own visage, staring horror-stricken beneathpreposterous erections?
she would say that she was pressed for time;that she would call again; that she was sorry that she cared fornothing... but the nymph on returning allowed no time for explanations.
she exhibited no surprise at the visible signs of the customer's revolt;it appeared indeed that she was prepared for their appearance, and forher own counter-movement.
she wheeled round, sent a marconi signaltowards the far end of the room, and from behind the shelter of a screenstepped a new and formidable apparition, that of a woman of middle age,of more than middle age, for beneath the elaborate coiffure of goldenhair, the large, chalk-white face was deeply lined and furrowed.
it wasa horrible face, hiding beneath a stereotyped smile the marks of acruel, unprincipled soul.
to mary's country-bred eyes there wassomething inhuman not only in the face, but also in the figure.
theenormous bust was moulded into a sheath of black satin, and thence tothe hips the body presented a straight, unbending line.
the effect waslike the trunk of a tree, rather than that of a woman,--solid,shapeless, unyielding, and the tightness about the lower limbs, thesmallness of the silk-shod feet, added to the unnaturalness of theeffect.
mary realised at once that she was in the presence of the august head ofthe establishment, and felt courage ooze from every pore, and in truthshe was helpless as a fly in the hands of this woman, whose work in lifeconsisted in bullying her customers into buying what they did notdesire.
madame approached, took up her position by mary's side, and began tospeak.
her tone was honey, and her words were soft, but the meaningthereof was plain.
"you don't find a hat that suits you, don't you?...
did you imagine that you would?...
look in that glass, and see yourselfas you are!--i have here the best selection of models in town, and ifyou are not satisfied, it is your taste that is to blame, not mine.
ido not employ a staff of assistants to have their time wasted by thelike of you.
out of this shop you do not go until you have paid theprice!
make your choice, and be quick about it."
mary made no attempt to rebel; she knew too well that she was beaten.
she bought the least exaggerated of the models, paid down a cool fourguineas, and emerged into the freshness of the outer air with thefeeling of one escaping from a noisome animal.
never in her life hadshe beheld a woman so repellent, so terrible.
she thought of the fateof the young girls who were caged up with her all day long, andshivered.
she wondered of what fibre were those other women, throughwhose patronage such a harpy lived and prospered.
she hoped, for thecredit of the sex, that the majority of customers were casuals, likeherself!
for the next hour mary wandered to and fro, finding interest in thestudy of shop windows.
at first she made her pauses in tentativefashion, for she had heard lurid stories of the dangers of londonstreets, and went in fear of a tall, gentlemanly-looking individual whowould suddenly appear out of space, and whisper in her ear, requestingto be allowed to buy her a dress, or a blouse.
such incidents hadhappened to girls of her acquaintance; she distinctly remembered thehorror and perturbation with which they had related the details, but itappeared that there was no such molestation to be expected in her case.
she remained as unnoticed as in the dining-room of the hotel.
at four o'clock she retired into a confectioner's shop, and refreshedherself by a daintily served tea.
the room was empty, but as time wenton the scattered tables filled up one by one, mostly with young couples,the men tall and immaculately groomed, but far from manly in expression;the girls attractive, despite their handicap of fashionable garments, inan age when grace is a forgotten joy.
they looked a different race fromthe girls who paced daily up and down the chumley high street, and mary,beholding them, felt a dawning of interest in her four-guinea hat.
itwas at least a becoming colour, and the feather was a beauty,--so thickand long and gracefully curved.
reduced in height, pressed into a lessnoticeable shape, the hat might turn out not a discreditable purchaseafter all.
she felt a distinct relief at the thought that after to-dayshe would see the reflection of that blue feather in the innumerablemirrors which lined the streets.
after tea mary went into the park and sat on a chair, watching thestream of fashionable life flow to and fro.
she wished she had someonewith her to explain who was who, and was on the whole disappointed withthe appearance of the crowd, but the flowers were beautiful.
shedetermined to come again in the morning, and enjoy the flowersundisturbed by the bustling crowd.
all the chairs were occupied; themoment that they were vacated they were instantly seized by otherloiterers, who appeared to have been waiting for the chance.
a man andwoman seated themselves by mary's side, and fell into conversation withan absolute disregard of her presence.
a few moments sufficed to provethat they were husband and wife, but they belonged to widely differenttypes.
the woman had a worn, handsome face, and a figure fashionablyattenuated.
she was faultlessly attired, and with a royal disregard ofcost, but both voice and manner betrayed a ceaseless discontent.
everyword was a grumble in disguise, reference to events past and to comewere invariably supplemented by protestations of being "bored to death,"and all the time the big, jovial-looking husband smiled, and soothed,and skilfully steered the way on to subjects new.
there was no effortin his air; if there had been a time when his wife's grumblings hadpower to distress him, that time was past, now the tricklings of thethin voice flowed off him, like water from a duck's back.
he listened,laughed, and began again.
mary realised with a thrill of surprise thatthis man actually loved the bundle of nerves whom he called his wife.
there was no mistaking the fact.
there was love in his voice, in hisface, in the sound of the deep, kindly laugh.
he loved her, was proudof her, found pleasure in her society.
she watched the couple move awayat the end of a quarter of an hour, the wife languidly leading the waythrough the crowd, the man following, his eyes bent on her in proudapproval, and afterwards for long minutes she sat pondering on thenature of the tie which held a man's heart faithful to such a mate.
wasit the remembrance of a past, before years and gold had left theirmark,--a past so sweet that it lived in undying memory?
was it thatbeneath an outer querulousness of manner there still lingeredrecurrences of tenderness, of passion, which kept alight old fires,--wasit simply that the man did not feel?
"if _i_ had a husband--if he had cared for _me_!"
mary repeated toherself for the thousandth time.
the sentence never reached aconclusion, it was simply an exclamation of amazement that a womanshould be blessed with love, and yet know discontent.
she sat on until the crowd began to diminish, and the rows of chairs toshow empty spaces.
there was nothing else to do, and the hotel bedroommade no appeal.
already it seemed days since she had left chumley; shecalculated how much money she had already spent, multiplied it, todiscover what rate of expenditure per annum was represented, and wasstartled by the result.
perhaps it would be wise not to take a regulardinner to-night.
after such an extensive lunch she was not hungry.
shedecided on a cutlet in the restaurant.
later on, on rising from her chair mary received a severe shock.
hersunshade had disappeared.
it was a new one, a birthday present from thefamily; navy-blue silk, with a handle topped with gold.
she had restedit in all confidence against the back of her seat, and now...  withflushing cheeks she recalled the different people who had occupied thechair next to her own.
the jovial husband, an elderly woman in black,with a rope of pearls to match large solitaire earrings; a prettyflapper in white; a young girl, fashionably attired, with cheekssuspiciously pink; one or two young men.
it was not possible, it wasnot conceivable, that one of the number could have stolen a modestsunshade!
but the sunshade had disappeared--no trace of it was to beseen.
mary told herself that there had been a mistake.
some woman hadpicked it up without thinking.
how sorry she would be!
when she reached the hotel the hat box was waiting in her bedroom.
sheopened it, and took the hat to the window to examine.
the first feelingwas disappointment.
she had believed the feather to be muchhandsomer,--softer, longer, of a more delicate shade.
she held it up,regarding it with puzzled eyes.
how had she come by so mistaken animpression?
finally she decided that it was a question of light.
shesighed patiently, and returned the hat to its box.
mary spent a week in the london hotel, the longest week she had everknown.
she rose late, and went to bed early, nevertheless the daysstretched to an interminable length, and she was driven to extraordinarydevices to get through the hours.
one day, attracted by a line offlaring posters, she spent the morning in a turkish bath; anotherafternoon she drifted into a barber's shop and had her hair waved andcoiffured, a process which so altered her appearance that she hurried toa similar establishment a few hundred yards away, and underwent adrastic shampoo.
another day, after lunching in the restaurant of agreat store, she whiled away half an hour by having her nails manicured.
from morning till night no one noticed her, no one spoke to her, sheherself had no need to speak, yet all around was a babel of tongues, anendless, ever-passing stream of fellow-creatures.
if she had feltherself superfluous in chumley, the feeling was accentuated a thousandtimes in this metropolis of the world, wherein she walked as on a desertisland.
and yet, through all the desolation of soul pierced goldenmoments, when the sense of freedom filled her with joy.
to be able torest without comment or questioning; to rise in the morning, and retireto bed, according to preference, not rule; to choose her own food, to goout, or stay within, as fancy prompted,--such simple matters as thesecame as happy novelties to the woman of thirty-two.
mary had despatched a post card announcing her arrival, and giving theaddress of her hotel but she received no message in reply.
mrsmallison was on her dignity, and would wait until she had received anorthodox letter.
the major never wrote, and teresa presumably was busy.
for a week or more the silence caused mary no trouble, but by that timethe continued silence of her life awoke the exile longing for news fromhome.
she despatched a colourless letter, filling with difficulty threesides of a sheet, and waited the result.
it came, according to herhappiest hopes, in the shape of a missive from teresa.
"dear old mary,  "i hope you are enjoying your liberty as much as you expected, and  having a real good time.
it's pretty strenuous here without you.
i  am running about all day long, and being instructed meantime to lie  down, and take things easy!
i never in my life felt so irritated and  depressed.
it's borne in on me, old thing, that you have been a  buffer between me, and--er--shall we say _circumstances_?
and that i  never appreciated you properly until you had gone!
"you don't say much about your doings.
do you go to the theatres?
i  suppose you can go to matinees, if it isn't proper to go alone at  night.
have you bought any clothes?
you might look out for an  evening dress for me--white or pink--not blue this time, and not more  than three or four pounds.
the raynors and beverleys have taken a  house together at the sea near good links.
dane is to join them for  part of the time, and i am asked for a day or two at the end of his  visit, so i need a new dress.
the invitation came from mrs beverley.
i haven't once been asked to the court since you left.
lady  cassandra is dropping me now that she has her beloved grizel.
altogether i think her behaviour is rather _queer_.
you would have  thought, after dane staying there over a week, and getting so  intimate, as they must have done, that he would at least have been  asked to tea since he left, but not once!
i asked him straight out,  so i know.
he won't acknowledge that he thinks it odd--you know how  close men are.--but i can see he does from his manner.
i shall go to  gled bay for his sake.
he would be so disappointed if i refused.
he  has given me a gold bangle, just the sort i like: a plain, flat band.
he looks thin still.
mother thinks he worried a great deal while i  was ill.  of course it was hard for him being tied by the leg  (literally!
), and not able to do a thing for me.
dane doesn't say  much, but his feelings are awfully deep.
"i wonder if it isn't a mistake to conceal one's feelings?
i'm  beginning to think that it is.
we have been brought up to be  undemonstrative, but if i have children, i'll teach them quite  differently.
what's the good of thinking nice things in your heart,  if the person you care for doesn't get the benefit?
i'm sorry  i haven't been nicer to you.
i'm sorry i was selfish, and let you do  so much.
if it's any satisfaction to you to know it, i'm paying up  now!
i do hope dane will want to be married soon.
i don't think i  can last out much longer.
i have thought so often of what you told me  the night we were engaged, about your own love story, i mean.
how  could you bear it, and live quietly on at home?
if dane  treated me like that, i should--marry mr hunter!
i'd like to see  your face when you read that!
but it's true.
much more sensible,  too, than the river, or growing sour at home!
"your affectionate sister,  "teresa."
mary put the letter back in its envelope, and went out to look forteresa's evening dress.
she paid for it out of her own money, anddecided to offer it in the shape of an advance birthday present.
in anycase she would have to give something in october; it might just as wellbe bought now.
she experienced a torpid satisfaction in thetransaction, but it soon faded, and left her mind empty as before.
teresa's appreciation and affection came too late.
five years ago theymight have transformed her life, but they had not been given.
of whatuse to offer them now when their lives lay apart?
speculations as tolady cassandra raynor, even as to peignton himself, aroused no flickerof interest.
they had been mummers in a play, and she had escaped intothe open air.
the only person of whom she had cared to hear was herfather, and concerning him teresa was mute.
another week passed, and still another.
mary left the big hotel, andmoved into a smaller one, of the glorified boarding-house type.
here,if she had chosen, she might have been less lonely, for there were halfa dozen solitary women like herself, who would have been glad to includeher in games of cards, or to exchange confidences over afternoon tea,but mary had played a duty game of whist every week night for a dozenyears, and had vowed never to touch another card.
moreover, she shrankfrom the furious curiosity of these women, who seemed capable of askingpersonal questions for hours at a time.
she left the boarding-house andtook furnished apartments, but the hot weather came on with a rush, andthe rooms grew stuffy and breathless, so for the third time she wasfaced with the problem, of where to go next.
one afternoon she sat at tea at one of the little tables belonging tothe outdoor restaurant near victoria gate, and essayed the difficulttask of making up her own mind.
in a limited sense the world was beforeher, but the very largeness of the choice made it the more difficult.
if she could but think of something which interested... something forwhich she really cared!
no answer came to the question, yet of acertainty she was happier under some conditions than others.
lookingback over the blank stretch of days, there were hours which stood outfrom the rest, hours in which she had felt restful,--almost content.
mary lived those hours, trying to draw from them a conclusion.
therewere hours spent in the park, not in the afternoon, but the morning,when it was comparatively empty.
the rhododendrons were in full bloomin the beds near rotten row; she heard people say that they had neverbeen finer than this year.
there had been other hours in the abbey,both during the services and after; there had been an afternoon on anexcursion steamer plying up the river to oxford; and a drive on the topof an omnibus on a misty night, when the lights twinkled in softenedradiance, and the great buildings assumed a mysterious splendour.
oneby one, mary recalled the hours, but the conclusion could not be found.
then suddenly her ears were opened to a woman's voice talking at thetable next to her own.
"switzerland," she was saying.
as soon as i can run away.
i am longing for the time to come.
i have been there every summer forthe last ten years, and if it rests with me, i shall go every year tilli die.
i've tried norway, i've tried the tyrol, but i've gone back tomy old love, and i shall never wander again.
switzerland gives me whati need.
i go there and feed upon it.
it's the tonic that braces me upfor another year of hard, ugly life."
there was a moment's silence, then another voice asked:"but what exactly _do_ you feed on?
what is the name of the tonic whichhelps you so much?"
said the woman deeply.
the blood rushed to mary's cheeks.
she had found her clue!
that wordshowed her the secret of her heart.
all her life she had fed on prose;now unconsciously she was craving the tonic of beauty.
it had beenbeauty in one form or another, which had brought her few hours ofcontent.
the next morning she packed her box, and took a ticket for berne.
the house at gled bay was situated at some distance from the cliff,which was the spot most desired by its female tenants, but at the verygates of the golf links, which presented the be-all of existence to thetwo men.
it was one of the aggressively new-looking edifices, which thehouse-hunters of to-day regard with dismay, protesting with unnecessaryviolence that nothing would induce them to make so prosaic a choice.
that is stage number one.
stage number two consists in an inspection ofcheerful rooms, wide windows, and sunny balconies, and a grudgingadmission that new houses have their points.
stage number three followshard on the discovery of rats in the kitchen of the panelled house ofdreams, and consists in a sceptical wonder if the villa could possibly"do."
stage number four marks the signing of a lease, and the plantingof innumerable creepers.
in the case of the villa rented by martin andthe squire in conjunction, the creepers had already mounted to thesecond story, so that it was possible to pick roses out of bedroomwindows, and forget the glaring brick and imitation timber hiddenbeneath the clustering leaves.
cassandra and grizel had rooms whichopened on the same balcony, and there was a covered verandah which ranthe length of the south side of the house, in the shade of which theypartook of tea together, what time their lords were absent on the links.
the mental attitude of the two women towards the masculine absorptiondiffered naturally.
cassandra was unfeignedly thankful to have herhusband kept in good temper, and to be left alone to amuse herself.
grizel began each morning in a mood of exemplary unselfishness, rejoicedin the prospect of healthful exercise for her student, and speeded himon his course with the sunniest of smiles, but when tea-time brought nosign of return, her eyes showed sparks of light, and her lips tightened.
_this_ meant that the men had started on a third round, and would notappear until six, at which hour they would be graciously pleased torepose themselves on the verandah, drink cooling draughts, and smilebenignly upon waiting wives, until it should be time to dress fordinner.
on such occasions it was grizel's habit to leave the houseshortly before six o'clock and start on an hour's walk over the countryin a directly opposite direction to that of the links.
if a man electedto spend the whole day apart from his wife,--if he found his pleasure inso doing... far be it from her to say him nay, but on his return shewould not be found sitting in an appointed place, meekly awaiting thelight of his countenance.
"_that_ smacks too much of the harem for mytaste!"
quoth mistress grizel with a shrug.
these perverse excursions invariably ended in a pursuit by a tiredmartin, when grizel would be inwardly overwhelmed with remorse, andwould make vows of forbearance for the future, which vows were fated tobe broken with all speed.
a state of mind for which no excuse isoffered, but which is commended to the sympathy of the wives of golfingbridegrooms!
sometimes cassandra disappeared for long walks on her own account, andgrizel realised that she went forth to wrestle in solitude for amedicine of which her soul was in need.
she was a restless cassandra inthese days, sometimes moody, often irritable, and anon almostobtrusively gay.
for all their intimacy grizel had a consciousness ofbeing kept at a mental distance, or whenever their talks together took adeeper turn, cassandra was ready with a laugh or jest to switch it backinto light impersonality.
so does a man with a maimed limbinstinctively shield it from touch.
thus the first fortnight passed by,and brought the day when dane peignton was due to make his appearance.
he arrived at tea-time, looking tired and pale beside the tannedgolfers, who had shortened their day in his honour, and were not aboveletting him realise their generosity.
they were too pleasantly engageddescribing the crack strokes of the day, to allow the new-comer muchchance of speaking, but he had an air of abundant content as he drankhis tea, vouchsafed appreciative murmurs of admiration, and took in thecharming details of the scene.
grizel, as hostess _ex officio_,presided at the tea table.
the two women had discussed the question ofhousekeeping during the joint month's tenancy.
who should be thenominal head?
who should give orders?
to whom should the servantsapply?
since to possess two mistresses was anathema to everything incap and apron, it was evident one must sacrifice herself for the commongood.
"it had better be me, then," grizel said, shrugging, "for ishan't worry, and you will!"
and cassandra shrugged in her turn, andadded, "also if things go wrong, bernard won't growl at you."
and sothe matter was arranged.
cassandra's swing chair was drawn close enough to the rails of theverandah to allow the rays of the sun to touch her hair as she tiltedgently to and fro, and give an added lustre to the points of gold in thethick, wreath-like braid.
she wore a white dress, which to masculineeyes appeared the acme of simplicity, and peignton, watching her,believed that the style of coiffure and dress alike was the outwardproof of inward simpleness of heart, and lack of feminine vanity.
wherein he was mistaken.
after the first greeting he had never directlyaddressed himself to cassandra, but his eyes wandered continuallytowards the white, swinging figure.
"we've fixed up your game all right, peignton," the squire informed him.
"found a decent fellow at the club, who's keen to make up a foursome.
i think you can give him about two strokes.
he's to meet us to-morrowat ten o'clock.
we ought to get in some good days before saturday.
ofcourse when the fair teresa arrives you'll want to knock off."
grizel made an expressive grimace.
"seeing that she is--_not_ his wife!
oh, matrimony, where are thecharms our mothers have seen in thy face?
there ought to be a secondline to that.--la la la,--la la la, la la la _la_... since golf hastaken our place!
i shall have a word to say in teresa's ear."
cried peignton, laughing.
"she's caught the fever herself.
no small player either.
the first time i met her was on the golf links.
she won't have the usual plea of desertion, as we shall probably spendour spare time playing together."
"community of interests, eh?"
the squire made a wry face.
"veryidyllic, no doubt, but i'm not keen on a wife as a partner at golf.
cassandra can't bit a ball to save her life, and i've always thought itone of her chief virtues.
women are the deuce when they fancythemselves at games.
i gave up tennis parties for that very reason.
never do more now than ask up three other fellows to make a four.
girlsare all very well in their place.
i like girls, but i'd choose a manevery time when it comes to a game."
grizel cocked her head at him with a challenging air.
"what do you bet i don't beat you hollow at croquet, before the clockstrikes seven?"
ain't going to play."
"oh, yes, you are," grizel said coolly.
"you've been amusing yourselfall day; now you are going to amuse me for a change.
croquet is aboutthe only game i _can_ play, and i have a fancy that it would do you goodto be beaten.
does anyone want any more tea?
they can't have it ifthey do, for there's none left.
anyway, you've all had three cups."
she held out her arm in mocking fashion.
"come along, and bebutchered!"
the squire shrugged, and submitted.
"that's all right, mrs beverley.
never said i objected toother fellows' wives..."they moved off round the corner of the house; martin glanced after them,yawned, and stretched his legs.
in grizel's absence he became veryconscious of his tired body, and the two hours which had still to elapsebefore dinner assumed formidable proportions.
it entered his head toexcuse himself and retire to his own room, for a read, followed by aleisurely bath, then he remembered his duties as host, and resignedhimself to stay at his post, and his two companions, noticing his sighand yawn, read his thoughts as a book, and waited in a tensity ofsuspense for his decision.
peignton was in no doubt as to his ownfeelings,--he longed with all his heart for the fellow to take himselfoff, and leave him to talk to cassandra alone; cassandra believed thatshe wished precisely the opposite, but to both came the same sharp pangof disappointment, as martin took out his cigarette case, and settledhimself in a lounge chair.
after a quarter of an hour's casual conversation cassandra rose, andentered the house.
she felt too impatient to continue the three-sidedconversation, but, inside the drawing-room, she lingered on pretence ofrearranging the flowers in the tall green vases, while her ears strainedto hear what was happening without.
if dane cared enough to follow, itwould be so easy, so natural, to ask to be taken a walk of inspectionround the gardens!
those minutes of waiting had been sufficient toprove the fallacy of her pretence, and she knew that she was hungeringfor the time when they should be alone together, when she could lookinto his eyes, and hear his voice speaking in the deep, full tones whichhad made music in her ears during the stolen days of convalescence.
shehad gone hungry for weeks, and for a moment it had seemed that she mightbe fed.
if only martin had obeyed his first impulse, and taken himselfaway!
she stayed her hand, and stood motionless listening with strainedears.
from the balcony without came the sound of a masculine voice,running on in a smooth, even flow.
the feminine element beingwithdrawn, martin had embarked on a serious discussion which sounded asif it might be prolonged to an interminable length.
at that momentcassandra hated martin beverley.
half an hour later, from an upper window which gave a view of theverandah, cassandra beheld the two men playing chess with everyappearance of absorption.
after dinner, bridge occupied the hours till bedtime, the men cutting inand out.
the next day they disappeared from ten until six, and afterbeing fed and refreshed, were keen for bridge once more.
the squire waskeen, that is to say, and the others acquiesced with more or lessreadiness.
the second and third days brought little variation in theprogramme.
the golfers arrived home a little later, a little earlier,sat smoking and talking on the verandah, or rested their limbs, andoccupied their brains with contests at chess.
frequently martindisappeared to his own room.
he had some short articles on hand, whichhe was anxious to finish; moreover, being accustomed to long hours inhis study, he grew weary of the sound of voices, and felt at liberty totake an occasional hour of solitude, now that the squire was providedwith a companion.
so it came about that dane could never count upon tenminutes to himself.
in the short part of the day which he spent in thevilla, he was continually shadowed by the squire's big, bronzedpresence; the big voice boomed continually in his ear, challenging himto fresh contests, haranguing on politics, laying down the law on theeternal subject of land, and with every hour that passed, there grew indane's breast a smouldering fire of rebellion.
the time was passing,was flying fast; he had the feeling of being continually baffled andoutflanked.
in another two days teresa would arrive, and her comingseemed to mark the end of,--of _what_?
peignton did not acknowledge tohimself in so many words that he was crazed with disappointment at theimpossibility of spending five uninterrupted minutes in cassandra'scompany; it was easier to skirt round the subject, and declare that hewas tired of golf, bored with the squire's eternal bluster, yetreluctant to approach the end of a visit from which he had expectedmuch.
as he was dressing in the morning he debated how he could escape fromthe links, but the solution was difficult to find.
each day's game wasarranged in advance, his own willingness being taken for granted.
hadhe not been invited for the special purpose of playing golf?
again, if in the evening he were to cry off bridge, it would simply meanthat cassandra was chained to the table.
the only chance of a_tete-a-tete_ lay during the interval between the return from the linksand the serving of dinner, and so persistently was fate against him atthose times, that dane began to suspect an abetting human agency.
notthe squire, not martin, but grizel herself!
it did not seem possiblethat it was owing to chance alone that the pawns on the board were soconsistently moved to block his approach!
there is nothing so irritating to the nerves as the fret of continualdisappointment, and in both looks and manner peignton showed signs ofthe mental strain through which he was passing.
cheerfulness forsookhim, he grew silent and preoccupied, only by the hardest struggle did heprevent an outburst of actual ill-temper.
looking back he realised that it was the intimacy of that week spent atthe court a month before, which made the present condition sounbearable.
then, day after day, cassandra had sat alone by his side,now working at her embroidery, and again dropping her thread, andsitting with folded hands, while they talked together--that talk whichnever jarred, never wearied, never seemed more than just begun.
he hadtried at times to recall what exactly they had talked about during thoselengthening hours, but he could not remember.
the subject had seemed ofso little importance, it had been but a vehicle to convey the inwardsympathy and understanding, an opportunity of hearing cassandra's voice,and watching the lights pass over her beautiful, vivid face.
it hadbeen a happy face in those days, but it was not happy to-day.
a look ofstrain was upon it which corresponded to his own; there were moments ofsuspense when he sensed that she also was holding her breath; moments ofexasperated check, when his own anger leapt to meet an answering flame.
on the morning of the day on which teresa was to arrive, peignton made adetermined revolt.
breakfast was over, and the five members of theparty had strolled on to the verandah to enjoy the fresh air.
when thesquire sounded the usual cry of haste, dane nerved himself, and spokeout:"i think i shall stay at home this morning.
i feel inclined to laze.
you'll enjoy a single for a change."
there was a moment's silence.
dane was conscious that to each of thefour hearers his words had come with the effect of a shock.
cassandrastrolled a yard or two away, and stood with her back towards him.
grizel's golden eyes were fixed on his face.
cried the squire, breaking the silence.
"can't bear to be out of the way, can't you?
i'll tell miss teresa whata devoted lover she's got!
upon my word, it's a mercy she's coming, forthe strain has been getting too much for you these last days.
quiteratty once or twice, wasn't he, beverley?
it's all right, old man, it'sall right!
been there ourselves, haven't we, beverley?
it's a stage--a stage.
painful at present, but 'twill cease beforelong, as the little hymn says.
look at beverley!
only beenmarried six months, and as callous as the best of us.
goes offcomfortably, day after day, and leaves his wife behind.
never gives hera thought till he comes back.
do you, beverley?"
"not one," said martin.
he looked across into grizel's eyes, and grizellooked back at him, and in that glance was concentrated all the poetry,and all the music and all the pure and lovely things that have lived andblossomed, since the beginning of time.
but the squire saw none of it,because his eyes were blind.
"don't be a fool!"
he continued bluffly, addressing himself to hisguest.
"the time will pass twice as quickly if you've something to do.
we'll be back for lunch; that will give you time to walk comfortably tothe station.
as a matter of fact, my dear fellow, you're bound to come,for we've fixed up the game.
we'll let you off to-morrow, but you can'tchuck us to-day!"
he turned back into the house to collect his clubs, which lay in thegun-room half a dozen yards away.
martin and grizel followed, and forthe moment cassandra and dane were alone.
she stood still and rigid,her hands clasping the rail of the verandah, her eyes staring straightahead.
peignton drew nearer; so near that his arm almost touched hers.
his heart pounded within him with sickening thuds.
it seemed to himthat if she would give him one glance of understanding and sympathy, hecould hold himself in, as he had done a dozen times before, but shestood immovable, vouchsafing no sign, and suddenly he found himself atthe end of his endurance.
he bent his head to hers, and his voice camein a thick, broken whisper:"_i wish to god_!"
he gasped, "_i could break my ankle again_!"
the next moment the squire returned calling loudly for martin to follow.
the three men shouldered their clubs, and crunched down the gardenpath.
that afternoon at tea-time, teresa arrived.
during the next two days grizel was haunted by a prevision of danger.
she rose with it in the morning, carried it in her heart all day, waspursued by it in her dreams.
on the surface all seemed smooth andplacid,--a pretty house, a charming garden, a party of friends enjoyingthe summer weather.
there were games, there was laughter, there was aflow of words, but beneath it all, her sensitive nature sensed therumbling of a storm.
the third morning the sun blazed from a cloudless sky, but within andwithout the air was still and lifeless, and the members of the houseparty, gathered round the breakfast table, showed signs of anunrefreshing night in pale and listless faces.
conversation flagged,and grizel sounded a frank note of warning:"i'm in a vile temper.
be careful, all of you.
if anyone annoys me,i'll snap.
nothing seems right this morning.
martin, the shape of yourhead gets on my nerves!
i can't think _why_ i married you."
"neither can i, darling.
have some cream!"
martin carried the juground the table, and tried to pour cream over a plate of strawberries,but grizel pushed him aside.
if i want cream, i can ask for it.
some people have notact.
why wasn't breakfast set in the garden?
nobody thinks ofanything in this house, unless i see after it myself...  let's have apicnic lunch!"
martin looked at the squire, the squire looked at martin.
their planswere made for a long day's golf, and each felt a pang of anticipatoryregret; moreover, each hated picnics, with a true man's hatred.
grizel's quick eyes caught the glance, and had no difficulty inunderstanding its meaning.
it seemed indeed that she was thankful of anopportunity to snap.
"pray, don't trouble yourselves.
we don't want anyone to come onsufferance.
captain peignton will look after teresa, and cassandra andi are perfectly happy alone.
go off on your horrid old golf.
we don'twant you!"
"i apologise for my wife, raynor.
she is usually quite polite to hervisitors.
just a little atmospheric disturbance.
take no notice.
she'll be sorry by and by."
grizel looked across the table, and made two separate and deliberategrimaces, one at the squire, the other at her husband.
"that's nothing to what i can do, if i choose!
better be careful!
captain peignton, do _you_ want to come?
you're engaged, of course, andengaged men used to wish to be with their _fiancees_, but that's allchanged since they began to play golf.
i'm a bride of six months, andmy husband vowed before hundreds of witnesses to cherish me all hislife, and you see how he scowls if i ask him to spare me an hour!
teresa, be warned by me, and break it off unless he gives up golf.
ihate and detest golf.
golf has ruined my life.
we'll look after you,teresa dear, don't worry!
we'll have chicken and mayonnaise, and fruitand lemonade, and cassandra and i will dry your tears."
"but i'm coming; i want to come!"
peignton assured her.
"it's too hotfor golf, and a picnic would be good fun if we can find a spot wherethere's some air, and not too much undergrowth.
i like to eat at apicnic, not to be eaten myself.
i was up half a dozen times last nightanointing myself with ammonia."
"i know a place.
i spotted it a week ago.
just beyond queensdom, thecliff shelves steeply and leaves a patch of shade open to all the airthere is.
it's quite a short walk,--a mile or a mile and a half; theservants can leave the baskets, and come back for their own lunch, andin the afternoon we'll sleep, cassandra and i, and discuss theiniquities of husbands, while you two go off on your lone, and come backto us for tea...  what it is to be engaged!"
teresa smiled happily, martin raised his eyes to the ceiling in tragicself-vindication.
"_who_ is always holding forth on the necessity of exercise?
_who_ isalways warning me against the danger of a sedentary life?
_who_insisted upon a house near to golf links?
_who_ goads me every night ofher life to arrange a match for the next day?"
"i do," cried grizel.
it's my duty.
and then i'm furiouswhen you go.
of course again.
any wife is.
do you expect me to be_pleased_?"
"it would seem a natural inference.--if you really mean what you say."
"i _do_ mean it.
i want you to have everything you like; i'm a monsterof unselfishness over night, but to sit still in the morning, watchingyou dressing yourself up, polishing your clubs, starting off grinningfrom ear to ear, so happy to go off without me, and to feel pleased atthe time--no!
that's beyond me!"
grizel declared vigorously.
"i'mhuman, my good man.
don't expect me to act like an angel."
bernard raynor glanced across at his wife and laughed; his slow,complaisant laugh.
"you must be a full-blown angel, cass.
never gives _you_ anyqualms!
wait a bit, mrs beverley, and you'll find it comes easyenough.
in another year you'll be thankful to be rid of him.
deadlymistake to hang together all the time!
go your own way, and allow theother to do the same; that's the sure tip for matrimony.
then you jogon contentedly, and avoid spars."
the blue, shallow eyes roved round the table, complacently seekingapproval; complacently unconscious of the artificiality of the smilesvouchsafed.
cassandra held her head high, disdaining a reply.
grizelhugged a glorious certainty that there would be no "jogging" for her.
storms perchance, half-serious, half-pretence, clearing the atmosphere,and opening the way for a glorious "make up"; but a "jog,"--never!
teresa mentally condemned both, and reflected how much morewisely she herself would manage _her_ husband.
from the beginning thereshould be a fair arrangement--so much time for sport, so much for home.
one would not want a man pottering round all the time.
grizel's good-humour returned with characteristic speed, neverthelessconversation still flagged.
an atmosphere of strain lay over the littlecompany, and silenced the usual merry banter.
dane and cassandra hadnot looked at each other since the first greeting.
they had agreed tothe proposal of the picnic out of polite necessity, but to each theprospect was drearily unwelcome.
a _partie carree_ afforded noopportunities for the talks _a deux_, which were the only things forwhich they cared.
cassandra saw herself sitting on the cliff-sidewatching the two figures walk away side by side until they disappearedround the headland.
what would they do when they were alone together,with no onlookers but the seagulls swirling overhead?
would he take herin his arms, would his calmness disappear, and his eyes grow dark withlove and longing?
would they sit entwined together, beatificallycontent, asking from the wealth of the universe nothing more thanthis,--to be together, to be alone?
never in her life had cassandraexperienced that sensation, yet she could imagine it with mysterious,with horrible distinctness.
she could project herself into teresa'splace, and feel the tingling current of joy.
and she must sit afar offin the shade, and pretend to sleep...at ten o'clock the two men started off for the golf links, but it wasnot until noon that the picnic party followed suit.
as there was no newground to explore, and as the eating of lunch seemed to be the _raisond'etre_ of the excursion, it was plainly foolish to start until theluncheon hour approached.
the servants had gone on in advance to unpackthe hampers, and after the walk cross the bare, unshaded fields, it wasa refreshment to sit down in the cool patch of shade, and taste therefreshing sea breeze.
immediately in front the cliff curved sharplyinland, so that the lap of blue waters surrounded two sides of thelittle platform.
marking the farther side of the narrow bay, a whiteheadland jutted into the sea, and the sharp glare of the sun intensifiedeach colour in its turn, blue sea, bluer sky, white cliff, crowned by atangle of green.
inland, to the rear of the headland, lay fields ofoats and barley, interspersed with patches of yellow groundsel, and theblaze of myriad poppies.
cassandra's colour-loving eyes dwelt lingeringly upon the scene.
therewas not a human creature in sight; a few white-sailed yachts alone brokethe surface of the waters.
the soft lap of the waves added to theimpression of rest and peace.
she lay drinking in the beauty of it,while the final preparations for the meal were being made.
in her mindwas no prevision that in future years that scene was to be associated inher mind with an extremity of pain and fear, with the dawning of a joythat hurt more sharply than pain.
she was conscious only of rest to hertired limbs, of satisfaction to her craving for beauty, acutelyconscious of dane peignton's presence, as he stood talking to teresa,helping her to arrange the cushioned seats.
for the rest, she was wearyand discouraged, and oh!
but nowadays she alwaysfelt lonely...the servants pronounced all ready, and retraced their way across thefield path.
grizel made a tour of inspection and gave a favourableverdict.
why are stray meals always so much more attractivethan proper ones, and why are men so stupid that they can't understandthat they are?
that's one of the many distinctions between the sexes.
all women adore picnics.
"perhaps," dane volunteered, seating himself in front of the cloth, inresponse to a gesture of invitation, "perhaps because--they have longerlegs."
"well, you must tuck them up somehow.
they can't take up the _whole_side!"
grizel objected, sinking down in a compact little mass in whichher own legs apparently ceased to exist.
"let me see.
where do webegin?
savoury eggs, chicken mayonnaise.
we'll start on the eggs as a_hors d'oeuvre_, and dull the first fierceness of our appetites beforegetting on to the real business.--i hope everyone is hungry.
let's bepolite, and eat very slowly to make it last out.
it's such a blankfeeling at a picnic when the feed's over,--like a wedding when the bridehas gone.
when we've done, the gulls shall have their turn.
_do_ gullseat mayonnaise?"
cassandra was conscious of a certain effort in the light babble.
shesuspected that grizel was forcing herself to talk, to ease the strain,which like a low rumble of thunder had underlain the peace of the lastweek.
in the midst of her own pain, she felt a pang of regret for herhostess,--a pang of compunction for her own shortcomings.
if onlybernard would be induced to return home!
but as long as fine weather andgood play were his portion, no persuasion would be of any avail.
therewas nothing for it but to set her teeth and endure, and--incidentally!--to make things as little trying as possible for other people.
she senta smile across the table to cheer grizel's heart.
"i'm too lazy to be hungry.
it seems a waste of time to eat, instead ofpeacefully feeding one's mind on the beauty of it all.
all the samethese eggs are mighty good.
i wonder how often before tea we shallrefer to a painted sail upon a painted ocean."
"yes, but _try_ not!"
grizel pleaded earnestly.
she was relieved tosee peignton help himself to a second egg, and consume it with relish;relieved to see teresa carefully sifting sugar into her lemonade.
suchsimple, homely acts seemed to keep at bay the creeping dread.
it was soeasy for grizel to be happy, to banish fear, and plant hope in itsplace.
she was as quick to pounce upon signs of good, as most peopleare upon menaces of evil, and cassandra's smile was sufficient to sendher spirits racing upwards.
she ate and she talked; few people can dothe two things at one time with out neglecting one or the other, butgrizel came triumphantly through the ordeal, keeping her listeners in agentle ripple of laughter, and demanding nothing of them but anoccasional word of response.
then in the middle of a complicatedsentence she stopped, and looked sharply at her friend.
"what's the matter?"
cassandra rose with a hasty movement, struggled to speak, and pointed toher throat.
the "don't" was accompanied by a gesture of the arm, as though to thrustaway any offer of help.
she walked away a few yards' distance and stoodfacing the sea, while her companions looked at one another, sympatheticbut calm.
in the salad.
i'll give her notice to-night.
"it's horrid swallowing a bone.
i did it once.
it was rabbit.
motherwas quite frightened."
peignton said nothing.
his eyes were fixed on the white figure outlinedagainst the blue, on the shoulders which rose and fell.
he filled atumbler with water and sat waiting, glass in hand.
a moment passed, theupheave of the shoulders became more pronounced, he rose swiftly andwalked to cassandra's side.
she stepped away from him as he approached, waving him away, but he hadseen her face and kept steadily on.
it will carry it down."
the waving fingers spilled half of the liquid, he steadied it with hisown hand, while she gulped, and panted, and gulped again, and struggledchoking away.
the drink had not dislodged the bone, it had served onlyto hinder the sharpened breath.
peignton hurried back to the table and seized a lump of bread.
grizeland teresa stared wide-eyed, and silent.
even in the moment which ithad taken to go and to come, cassandra's face had taken a deeper hue;the damp stood on her forehead, but she made a gallant effort atcomposure, standing with her back resolutely turned to her companions,so that they might be spared the sight of her struggles.
"i've brought you some bread.
that moves it often when water fails.
chew it for a moment, then gulp it whole.
as big a piece as you can.
it's a wretched feeling, but it will pass.
a big bite now!...
she snatched it from him, crammed it in her mouth, struggled with aforce that was frightening to see, choked and retched, and staggeredagainst his arm.
the bone had not moved.
from behind came a murmur of consternation.
grizel and teresa sweptforward, calling out confused instructions.
"kneel down; bend your head!...
massage your throat.
more bread; gulp _hard_!"
cassandra faced them suddenly, her lips curved back from her teeth.
shestruggled to speak, but the hoarse sounds had no coherence, her eyesrolled from one face to the other, and on each as she looked there fellthe dawning of mortal fear.
they had read the terror in cassandra'seyes, the next moment they saw it afresh in the sudden violent breakdownof her composure.
she no longer avoided them, but came nearer,stretching out her hands in appeal.
her face was red and mottled, andstrangely, horribly changed.
grizel was white as paper, but she kept her composure better than thegirl by her side, and spoke in calm, level tones.
"cassandra, try, _try_ to be quiet!
you make things worse by rushingabout.
we _will_ help you.
it will be all right.
try pushingsomething down...  here's the handle of my fan.
pushit well down.
oh, don't, don't give up!"
for after one desperate trial cassandra had sent the fan spinning intospace over the edge of the cliff.
for a moment in her desperation shelooked inclined to follow herself, and dane quickly moved his positionso as to stand between her and danger.
how many moments had elapsed since they had been happily seated on thegrass?
so few,--so pitifully few, yet enough to wreck the exquisitemachine of life!
not alone to cassandra herself, but also to theanguished onlookers, came now the realisation that this accident was notrifling happening of a moment, but a grim battle between life anddeath.
the bone was a long one, lodged in such a manner that to attemptto move it by the usual means was but to accelerate the process ofsuffocation.
cassandra was being suffocated; moment by moment the inhalations ofbreath became more difficult, her strength was weakening beneath thestrain, but still she struggled and fought, and raised wild arms to thesky, while moment by moment, youth, beauty, and charm fell away from theblackening face, leaving behind nothing but a mask of torture anddespair.
both the women were weeping, but they were unconscious of their tears.
at that moment existence meant nothing more than an anguishedrealisation of helplessness.
theirs was the most lacerating trial oflife,--the torture of looking on helplessly, and watching afellow-creature done to death.
then suddenly the scene changed.
cassandra's limbs gave way, and shefell to the ground, and as she fell peignton fell after her, and kneltby her side.
to the onlookers the man's face was as unrecognisable asthat of the woman; in both was the same terror, the same despair, almostit appeared, the same suffering.
it was a voice which they had neverheard before, which spoke now, uttering wild appealing words:"cassandra--darling!
oh, my precious, what can i do for you?...
godshow me what to do!
oh, my god, to standby and see this...  i'd give mysoul...  it can't be.--it can't.
it's not possible!...
for my sake, for my sake, darling...  how am i to live..."the wild words surged on.
did anyone hear?
or hearing understand?
evento teresa herself they seemed for the moment to voice nothing but thecry of her own heart.
the shadow of death had obliterated the things oflife; nothing counted, nothing mattered, but cassandra, and her strugglefor breath.
with every moment her strength was ebbing, the faintwhistling sounds emerged less frequently from her writhing lips, theblack tint deepened on her cheeks, even as she gazed, the staring eyesrolled and fixed.
then peignton pounced.
like a wild beast leaping on its prey, hepounced upon the prostrate form, and lifting it in his arms he shook andtore, he dragged and bent.
the two women shrieked, and hid their faces.
of all the terrors that had been, the most ghastly and blood-curdlingof all was the sight of this maniac figure with its superhuman strength,and the jointless, lifeless form, tossed to and fro; beaten, abused.
the onlookers thought,--if thought were possible,--that dane had gonemad.
it seemed the crowning horror that in death cassandra's bodyshould be so outraged; but they had no strength to move or protest.
suddenly came a cry; a cry of triumph, not grief.
peignton had sunk tothe ground, but cassandra lay in his arms, and the breath was once morewhistling through her lips.
"it has moved!"
"it has moved!
for god'ssake, _water_!"
in a second it was in his hand, and teresa knelt, holding the jug, whilehe sprinkled drops on the dark brow, and moistened the cracking lips.
the face resting against his shoulder was still unrecognisable, stillterrible to see, but momentarily life was flowing back.
the brutalwildness of dane's assault had done its work in removing the block, andair was rushing back into the flattened lungs.
the marvellous intricacyof the machine of life was at work once more...peignton bathed, and the two women knelt by his side, watching withfascinated eyes.
gradually as the dark hue faded, other marks came intoview, the marks of bruises left by frenzied fingers.
there were markson cassandra's brow, on her cheek, on the slim column of her throat, onher hands, on the arms beneath the torn fragments of sleeves.
everywhere there were bruises.
the women held their breath at thesight, peignton groaned and shuddered as with a nausea of horror, but hewent on bathing, his hand resolutely steadied to hoard the preciousdrops.
only once, with an uncontrollable impulse, he bent and pressedhis lips against the most cruel of the marks, holding her close thewhile, crooning over her in a passion of tenderness, and as he liftedhis head cassandra's eyes opened, and looked upward into his face.
theywere conscious eyes, and the opening of them brought back the firstresemblance to that cassandra who had so horribly lost her identity.
deeply, darkly blue they stared out of the disfigured face, met dane'sadoring gaze, and gazed back.
for a moment it seemed as though thewraith of a smile were dawning in their depths, then pain claimed heronce more, and she groaned and winced, lifting a hand to her bruisedthroat.
it was a piteous little action, and dane's self-possessionbroke down at the sight.
once more he bent his head to hers.
once morethe caressing words burst forth.
"darling, forgive me!
i _had_ to do it!..."
then for the first timegrizel felt a tremor pass through the figure of the girl by her side,and looked with a pang into a set white face.
through her quick mindflashed the realisation that here was another threatened death,--thedeath of teresa's youth...  she laid a hand on the girl's shoulder, andspoke in brisk, commonplace tones:"she must be laid down.
collect the cushions and make a bed.
she willcome round more quickly lying flat."
teresa rose and with automatic obedience set about her work.
grizeltook advantage of her absence to seize dane's arm between a vigorousfinger and thumb.
her eyes met his with a gleam of anger.
"pull yourself together!
think what you are saying.
have you forgottenthat teresa is here?"
apparently he had.
even now when he was reminded, his blank look showedthat his mind was incapable of realising her existence.
grizel wastedno more words.
nor indeed was there time, for teresa came back carryingthe piled cushions.
their gay colour accentuated the pallor of her ownface, but she was composed as ever, and arranged an impromptu bed on thegrass with firm, capable hands.
perfectly flat; her head must not be raised.
this way a please!
pacing the sea."
peignton's answer was to entwine his arms more firmly; it seemed to thewatching eyes as if cassandra herself nestled closer in response.
grizel bent downwards, and forcibly unloosed the clasped hands.
"i am accustomed to nursing... you must obey me, please.
you are doingher harm, keeping off the air.
lay her down here.
grizel had different ways of enforcing her will, but they wereinvariably successful.
the stem tone of command roused peignton intoobedience.
with painful effort he rose, laid his burden on thecushions, and stood over her, straightening his cramped arms.
the madoutput of strength which had saved cassandra's life had left him almostas much exhausted as herself, but so far he had had no time to think ofhimself.
now that his work was over, the realisation would come.
grizel poured out a glass of wine, and forced it into his hands.
"drink it--this moment!
you can't afford to break down, there's toomuch to be done.
we will stay with her here.
you must go home forhelp!"
"don't dispute, please...  you will do as i say.
nature will help hernow; we can only leave her alone.
you must go home and telephone,--tothe club house for her husband, to the village for the doctor.
theymust come straight here.
and the car,--it must drive to the nearestpoint, and wait.
possibly in an hour she may be able to walk.
if not,she can be carried."
"i'll carry her!"
"her husband will carry her, or the men.
tell two men to come, andbring brandy, smelling-salts, anything you think of.
if you are wiseyou will lie down yourself.
you are worn out, and can do no good here.
we don't want two invalids.
for a moment peignton stood gazing down at the motionless figure on thegrass.
then hunching his shoulders, turned inland, and took the fieldpath.
teresa straightened herself to watch him as he went.
she was kneelingby cassandra's side, but he had no glance for her.
she watched him passswiftly down the narrow path between the barley and the oats.
thepoppies blazed their brightest red; the patches of groundsel shonegolden in the sun.
cassandra lay motionless, with closed eyes, her breathing growingmomentarily more natural and regular.
grizel smoothed the hair from herbrow, laid a practised finger on her pulse, and crept away, beckoningteresa to follow.
leave her alone.
the air is her best medicine.
perhaps she will sleep.
get me some wine."
she collapsed in a limp little heap on the grass, and raised a piteousface.
to evoke teresa's pity for herself, not to pity teresa, that washer inspiration, and to this intent she made the most of the naturalexhaustion.
teresa waited upon her deftly, and then quite calmly andsensibly proceeded to wait upon herself.
grizel's eyes widened withamaze as she beheld the girl with a wine-glass in one hand, and asandwich, in the other, eating and drinking with as much apparentcomposure as if the tragic interruption had never occurred.
to the ardent, impulsive nature such composure seemed unnatural, almostbrutal.
"how _can_ she?"
grizel asked herself blankly.
"how can she?
oh, martin, dear, to know your love gone, and to sit down quietly to eatsandwiches!
what can it feel like to be made likethat?
it's marvellous, it's magnificent, _mais ce n'est pas la femme_!
poor, poor little teresa, and my poor, beautiful cassandra, and poordane peignton, poor squire, poor everybody!
god help us all...  we'rein a rare muddle!
what is to happen next?"
her breath caught in an involuntary sob, and teresa put out a protectingarm.
grizel leant against it, careful still to demand, rather thanoffer consolation, and they sat shoulder to shoulder, hand clasped inhand, while the minutes dragged past.
from time to time grizel rose andtiptoed across the grass to look at cassandra's face.
once she breathedher name, and the blue eyes opened in a recognising glance, butinstantly they closed again, and the whole pose of the figure proclaimedan extremity of fatigue.
"but it will pass; it will pass!"
grizel whispered to teresa on herreturn.
"it was a maddening experience.
we were all mad, i think.
itwas enough to make us mad.
millions of people go through life, andnever even imagine such a horror.
but it was so short... only a fewminutes... it will pass... it will pass!"
said teresa steadily, "it will pass."
the healthy colour hadcome back to her cheeks.
beyond a certain hardness in the set of thelips, the smooth young face showed no sign of the recent conflict.
a quarter of an hour dragged by; half an hour.
cassandra's breath camein deep, steady respirations, her hands lay slack by her side, she sleptthe sleep of exhaustion, and the two women sat silently watching herfrom afar.
three-quarters of an hour, an hour, and then at last, overthe shimmer of barley came the sight of hurrying figures,--the squireand martin running to the rescue.
grizel rose, crossed to cassandra's side, and laid a gentle hand on hershoulder.
she must be prepared for the men's appearance.
there must beno more shocks.
"wake up, dear.
the men will be here in a minute to take ushome.
you are such a dishevelled old dear.
let me tidy youup."
cassandra had started painfully at the first touch, but she sat up now,supporting herself on her hands, while grizel smoothed the strayinghair, and gave deft touches to the disordered attire.
on the colourlessface the bruises stood out with increasing distinctness, the lips wereswollen, the eyes seemed to have retreated into the head.
grizel seizeda light scarf, tied it hoodwise under the chin, and pulled forward thescreening folds.
she had a woman's tender commiseration for the loss ofbeauty, a woman's natural instinct to conceal it from masculine eyes.
thus the squire, hurrying forward, beheld his wife sitting erect,orderly in attire, with face discreetly shaded.
"good god, cass, you gave me a fright!
i've run all the way...swallowed a bone, eh?
peeling all right now?"
for a moment grizel felt inclined to repent that shrouding veil!
"she's _not_ at all right, mr raynor.
it was a terrible time...  wemust get her home as quickly as possible, and put her to bed."
"poor old cass!"
said the squire kindly.
"feel a bit played out, eh?
it's all over, you know; all over now.
we'll soon have you all right.
think you could walk, if i gave you an arm?
the car is waiting, at theend of the field."
cassandra rose with unexpected strength, and the squire tucked her armin his, with a pat of reassurement.
"that's a good girl.
told you youweren't half as bad as you thought!
you'll feel a1 after an hour'srest."
the two figures passed on in advance, cassandra's head bowed low overher breast, and the three who were left, stared after them in dumbamaze.
martin had passed his arm round grizel's shoulder, and she clungto him, trembling with mingled misery and indignation.
she nearly died... she was fighting for her lifebefore our eyes!
it was horrible,--the most ghastly horror.
we felt asif we should go mad, too.
she has been down to the very gates of death,and he smiles, he jokes,--he is as calm as if nothing had happened!
hashe _no_ heart?"
"no imagination, dearest.
that's the trouble.
nothing is real to himthat he hasn't seen.
you poor girls!
you look worn out yourselves.
there will be room for you in the car, and you will want to lookafter her when she gets home.
i'll come back, and wait till the menarrive for the hampers."
he held out his free hand and slid it through teresa's arm.
"your man is chasing the doctor.
you'll find him waiting at home.
whata comfort that he was with you!"
"he saved her life," teresa said.
"not one man in a thousand would havedone as he did.
he was so brave."
"i know someone braver!"
said grizel in her heart.
for the rest of the afternoon the house was still as the grave, eachmember of the little party preserving a rigorous silence for the sake ofthose others who were presumably asleep, but with the exception ofcassandra sleep was conspicuous by its absence.
the squire retired to adistant corner of the garden, and practised putting by himself,reflecting ruefully on his interrupted game.
martin sat by grizel'scouch, mentally abusing himself for the morning's desertion.
grizel hadasked him to join the picnic, and he had preferred to go off on his owndevices.
probably if he had been present, the accident would havehappened just the same, but he would have been beside her to help andsupport.
excuse himself as he might, the fact remained that grizel hadgone through an appalling experience alone.
the thought filled him witha passion of tenderness and remorse, and even in the depths of hermental and physical exhaustion, grizel luxuriated in the consciousness,and lured him on with tender wiles.
it was all the rest she wanted,just to lie still, holding martin's hand, to feel his touch on herforehead.
the unconsciousness of sleep would have been poor incomparison, for her heart needed healing more than her body.
a fewhours, a few days at most, and even cassandra herself would havesurmounted the physical strain of the morning, but what of the hiddendanger from which the veil had been torn aside?
now that it had beenrevealed--what was to happen to those three young lives?
grizel had given her husband a detailed account of the accident, but shehad refrained from telling him of dane's mad words.
whether or not shewould ever tell him, would depend on future events.
he had a right toknow everything that concerned herself, but she would have felt it to bea disloyalty to her friends to have betrayed the new complication whichhad come into their lives.
it was for them to work out their ownsalvation; for her, as the onlooker, to be silent, and wait.
as for martin, he was too much absorbed in his wife to display unduecuriosity, and his eyes had discovered nothing mysterious in thecondition of either teresa or dane himself.
"the fellow is played out.
he must have been half crazed to do what hedid.
no man would have the strength in a normal condition.
in thegreat moments of life we draw drafts on our reserve forces, and noeffort seems too great.
but we have to pay up.
peignton condensed theenergy of months into three or four minutes, and for the moment he isbankrupt.
it must have been a blood-curdling sight for you, mydarling,--and that poor girl, teresa!
she seemed the calmest of theparty, by the way."
"calmness is comparative--everything is comparative.
it's impossible toknow how much people feel...  oh, beloved, there are so many sorts, andif they don't feel _our_ way, it may be just as bad to them!
we've been married six months, we know each other six hundred timesbetter than when we began, and there's this virtue about me--i don'tpretend!
you know the worst of me, as well as the best.
honestly--onyour solemnest oath,--have you _ever_ been sorry?"
martin did not reply.
he smiled a smile of ineffable content.
grizeltilted her head on the cushion, and smiled back.
"i _knew_ you haven't.
that's why i asked.
if there had been the faintest doubt, i couldn'thave faced it to-day.
but there are so many months--life is so long.
you might change!"
martin's face sobered.
his thoughts flew back to the girl wife who, fora few short months, had shared his life; at whose death life itself hadseemed to end.
he had been but twenty-five at the time, and he hadsuffered with all the fierce intensity of youth.
if juliet had made asimilar suggestion in those far-off days, he would have refuted it withscorn, yet he _had_ changed; the young image had faded, and a livingwoman now filled his heart.
was it the remembrance of juliet, whichmade grizel doubt?
"so long as you live, grizel, it isn't possible that i could change.
aman who had once loved you could never be satisfied with an ordinarywoman.
and i am a man now, not a boy.
even--even if i were aloneagain--"she leant forward in a quick caress.
"you are not going to be alone!
i am not going to leave you, honey!
ifi were, i should not ask for promises.
it's because i intend to live onto eighty or ninety, that i'm anxious.
i couldn't bear it if you grewcool and cold.
i wouldn't _try_ to bear it!
prosaic matrimony woulddrive me to the devil.
i can't tell you what sort of devil,--theremight be several, but a devil it would certainly be.
but if you'll loveme, dear, i'll grow nearer the angels!"
he laid his head beside hers on the cushion, and they sat silently,through blessed moments of communion.
in heart and love they were atone, but their thoughts carried them on different voyages.
when hespoke again, it was to say in tones of kindly toleration:"don't be too hard on the poor squire.
he's a good fellow, and, as yousay, there are all sorts.
presumably she loved that sort.
she chosehim, you know."
"unfortunately she didn't.
she chose a waking man, who fell asleep themoment he'd got her, and has slept on steadily ever since.
he was inlove, you see, and love galvanised him into a show of life, and poor,dear cassandra saw the miracle, and believed it was going to last.
you're a man, my dear, and you're an author, and you write very cleverbooks, but you don't realise for a moment how intoxicating it is for awoman to hold the reins in her own hands, while a lord of creationkneels trembling at her feet!
it's the one little time of her life whenshe is master, and it goes to her head.
he tells her that she is thesun, and the moon, and the eleven stars, and that his only object inlife is to adore her for evermore, and that if she won't have him he'llpine away and die on wednesday week, and the poor dear thing believesevery word, and is so touched to find herself of such importance afterbeing just an ordinary, superfluous girl, that she will promise anythinghe likes to ask.
i am talking, of course," said grizel markedly, "of_country_ girls!
girls like cassandra, shut up in moated granges adozen miles from the nearest anywhere.
_not_ of myself!
it was _no_novelty to me to have men squirming!"
"what a very undignified word!
don't dare to apply it to me.
i'llkneel, as much as you like, but i refuse to squirm!"
martin stretchedhimself, and rose to his feet.
grizel was better, beginning to talk inher natural vein, and his conscience began to prick him about his guest.
"do you think you could manage to get a little deep now!
i reallyought to look after poor old raynor."
grizel accorded a gracious permission, and submitted meekly to anirritating process which martin called "making her comfortable."
whenthe door was closed behind him, she deftly rearranged all theaccessories which he had misplaced, and composed herself for thelong-deferred rest, but it was not to be.
in less than five minutes aknock sounded at the door, and after a moment's pause was repeated in amore insistent fashion.
cried grizel clearly, and teresa's head peeped enquiringlyround the corner of the door.
"you are alone?"
"i hoped you would be.
i couldn't rest,and i knew you couldn't either.
do you mind if i sit down and talk afew minutes?"
"do, dear; i'd like it," grizel said kindly, her eyes fixed on thegirl's figure, with an astonished admiration.
teresa had taken off herdress, and put on a plainly made blue cashmere dressing-gown, the loosefolds of which disguised the somewhat ungainly lines of her figure, andgave to it an effect of dignity and height.
her hair had been unloosedand hung in two heavy plaits to her waist, giving a gretchen-likeexpression to the fair, blue-eyed face.
teresa had prepared herself forher siesta with characteristic thoroughness, but apparently withoutavail.
she seated herself beside grizel's couch, folded her hands onher knee, and asked a level question:"i wanted to know.
have you told your husband everything thathappened?"
"everything about the accident itself.
nothing more, teresa."
for a moment the blue eyes lightened with gratitude.
"i _thought_ you wouldn't.
but most women would.
i'drather no one was told."
"no one shall hear anything from me.
it is not my business.
i shallforget it, teresa!"
the girl shook her head.
"you can't do that.
i don't think i want you to forget.
it's a help tohave someone who understands.
mrs beverley--do you think he _meant_it?"
grizel sat upright on the sofa, her small hands locked on her knee, andfor a long silent minute blue eyes and hazel met in a steady gaze.
there were no secrets between the two women at the end of that minute.
"yes, teresa," said grizel unsteadily.
"i think he did."
"you know he did," corrected teresa gravely.
she was silent for anothermoment, sitting motionless with downcast eyes, then deliberately raisedthem again and continued:"at the time he did mean it...  she is so beautiful, and fascinating.
everyone admires her.
and it was terrible to watch her choking beforeone's eyes.
it wrung one's heart.
what he said at the time should notbe counted.
he was not sane.
i am thinking of the time before.--doyou,--do you think he meant it _before_?"
grizel did not speak.
to her impetuous ardent nature, the girl'scomposure seemed terrible and unnatural.
it affected her more stronglythan the most violent hysteria.
she sat crunched up into the corner ofthe sofa, looking white and scared, and helpless, flinching before thesteady scrutiny of the blue eyes.
"_please tell me_."
it troubled me.
lately i felt sure.
i was sorryit had been arranged to come here together.
i tried to alter it; youknow i tried...  did _you_ never suspect?"
the colour had faded from her cheek, but she wasstill calm and collected.
i knew he admired her--that was of course.
i knew heliked to be with her whenever he could.
once or twice i felt--lonely!
but she was married.--i never dreamt of this.
i have read of menfalling in love with married women, but i have never known it in reallife.
i did not think he was that sort."
scorn spoke in her voice, ayouthful intolerance and contempt.
it was not only on her own accountthat she was suffering.
peignton had been to her the ideal man, and theideal had fallen.
the whole structure of life seemed shaken under herfeet.
grizel looked at her, with a saddened glance.
"poor, dear, little girl!
it's hard for you, but you must try tounderstand.
you've lived in a very sheltered little corner, dear, wherethe difficult things of life have been hidden away out of sight.
it'shard for you to be quite fair, and see the other point of view as wellas your own.
but you must try.
you mustn't condemn poor dane.
he wasengaged to you, and he has fallen in love with another woman.
it soundsbad enough on the face of it, but you and i who know him, and havewatched him these last months, know that there has been nothingdeliberate about it, nothing guilty or underhand.
he was engaged to youand he was faithful to you--in intent.
he wanted to be faithful.
theother thing was just a great trial wave which overtook him and swept himoff his feet."
teresa set her lips, her face hard and cold.
"it could not have swept him, if he had been firm!
if he had beenfaithful to me, he could not have noticed any other woman in that way.
i never noticed another man.
i don't understand it."
the youthful arrogance of the girl was at once pitifuland menacing.
to her there existed but the two hard lines, a right anda wrong, the maze of intersecting paths had no existence in her eyes.
her judgment, like that of all young untried things, was relentlesslyhard.
grizel sat looking at her, pondering what to say.
"when you first knew cassandra you were fascinated by her.
you felt alonging to see her again.
every time you saw her, you admired her more.
you have told me about it, so often.
in a feminine way you fell inlove with her yourself, teresa.
you _ought_ to understand."
"he was engaged to me!"
echoed teresa obstinately.
suddenly her facequivered with pathos "and--i'm young--i'm pretty.--i loved him.
"oh, my poor child!"
grizel cried sharply, and the tears started to hereyes.
poor, ignorant, complaisant teresa fighting against the mysteriesof life, demanding explanation of the inexplicable,--what tenderness,what forgiveness was to be expected from such an attitude?
"he chose me," she insisted.
"it was his own doing.
nobody made him.
it was his own choice.
and he had met her _before_ he asked me.
weused to talk about her together.--i was glad when he was enthusiastic...she was my friend, and a married woman with a husband and--that bigboy!
he is ten years old.
she must be thirty at the least."
all thearrogance of the early twenties rang in teresa's voice.
"it's suchfolly--such madness!
it isn't as if she could ever--love him back."
teresa looked up sharply, held grizel's eyes in a hard,enquiring stare and deliberately repeated the pronouncement.
"it isn't possible that she could care for him."
"did you find it so difficult, teresa?"
"why do you compare her with me?
you know it'sdifferent."
"yes, i do know.
you were a free, happy girl with your life ahead.
_her_ youth, the best part of her youth has gone, and she has never hadthe joy that every woman needs.
you know what i mean.
we need not gointo it.
some men mean well, but they have no right to be husbands!
the women who have to live with them are slowly starved to death."
"she has her boy."
"yes, she has her boy.
for a few weeks in the year."
"he is her son all the year round."
"that's perfectly true, teresa."
"a married woman with a son ought _not_ to love another man."
"that's perfectly true, teresa.
do you never by any chance do anythingyou should not?
can't you find the least scrap of pity in your heartfor other people who are more unhappy than yourself?"
"i am not sorry for people who do wrong.
it's easy to talk, mrsbeverley.
suppose it was your own husband, and you had seen him, as idid to-day, with another woman--with cassandra herself.
how would _you_feel?"
grizel's grimace was more expressive than words.
"my dear, i can't imagine it.
i'd rather not.
i should certainly notbe calm.
i'm an impetuous person who is bound to let off steam, andthere would be a considerable amount of steam on that occasion, but i'molder than you, and have seen more of the world, so that perhaps itwould come easier--after the first explosion--to be sorry for them aswell as myself."
"why should one be sorry?"
"because they _are_ in the wrong, and are bringing sorrow on others,whereas you are the injured martyr, who is sinned against.
there'sconsiderable balm in the position--for those who like it.
how do yousuppose poor dane will feel at the prospect of his next interview withyou?"
teresa's face quivered again.
"he hasn't wanted many interviews lately.
we've hardly been alone anhour since we came here.
i suppose i--should have suspected... but ididn't.
he has never been demonstrative, but he chose me, he said heloved me.
i _trusted_ him."
there was pathos in the lingering on those last words.
grizel made alittle crooning sound of tenderness, and stretched out a consoling hand,but teresa ignored it, and rose slowly to her feet.
you've told me all i wanted to know.
and i'm grateful toyou for not telling your husband.
please don't mention anything to asingle person.
the less that is said about it the easier it will beto--""to--?"
grizel's eyes dilated.
she sat upright on the sofa, her wholebody a-quiver with eagerness.
"to _what_, teresa?"
"to put things right," said teresa, and marched stolidly from the room.
it was late on the following morning when teresa, sitting over herembroidery in the garden, saw dane peignton making his way towards heracross the lawn.
it was his first appearance since the return from thefateful picnic, and teresa, looking at him, marvelled at the changewhich twenty-four hours had wrought.
she herself had suffered fromshock and disillusionment, yet the mirror had shown no change, the freshpink colour had not faded from her cheeks, her eyes were clear and blue.
the first realisation of the truth of grizel's words came to her at thesight of dane's lined face.
at the glance of his wan eyes, the forcedsmile faded from her lips.
a shiver of dread passed through her at therealisation that there was to be no covering up of the ugly truth.
thegrim determination of peignton's mien showed that he was braced for theordeal of confession.
they shook hands, and he seated himself beside her.
a clump of shrubshid the windows of the house, no path broke the smooth stretch of green;they were alone, free from the fear of interruption.
"i hope you feel better this morning," said teresa primly.
she wasembroidering a large entwined monogram on a square of green velvet.
themonogram was peignton's own, and the square was designed for the back ofa blotter for his writing table.
he had watched its progress from thefirst stitches onward, and had given his opinion on contrasting shades.
his face twisted with pain as he watched the sweep of the needle withthe long brown thread.
"thank you, yes.
i am better.--i was--very tired!"
teresa sewed on, her eyes downcast, the needle rhythmically lifting andfalling to take up another neat, accurate stitch.
her low muslin collarshowed the line of the young bending throat.
peignton's eyes softened into tenderness as he watched her.
hestretched out his hand, and intercepted another upward sweep.
put that down...  we've got to have this out...  there is somuch that we have to say to each other, teresa!"
teresa disengaged her hand, folded her work, and turned a resolutelycomposed face.
"why need we say anything at all?"
he stared at her in perplexity.
"you ask me that when youknow... you have seen...""i must forget.
we must both forget.
i mustn't judge you for... forwhat happened _then_.
i think it will be best if we never speak of itagain."
peignton was silent, stricken dumb by amazement, and the paralysingfeeling of helplessness which grizel had experienced at a similarmoment.
the crass certainty of teresa's common sense appeared at thismoment the most baffling of barriers.
he stared at her hopelessly for along minute, before making his reply.
"that is impossible.
there could be no peace for either of us.
injustice to myself, i must explain.
it seems an extraordinary thing tosay, but it is the simple truth that until i came down here--until acouple of days ago, i did not know that i loved lady cassandra.
onlyyesterday morning i had decided to make an excuse to go home, to putmyself out of temptation; then, an hour later, i saw her, as it seemed,dying before my eyes, and i forgot everything else.
it was wrong, ofcourse, confoundedly unkind,--humiliating for you.
i apologise with allmy soul, teresa, but can't you see how inevitable it was?"
"if you loved her in the first instance, i suppose it was inevitable,"said teresa steadily.
"but you were engaged to me."
she lifted hereyes with a reproachful glance.
"you chose _me_.
you said you lovedme...  all these weeks we have gone on peacefully, without a hitch.
inever noticed any change.
as you insist on talking about it, i shouldlike to understand one thing.--is it that you grew tired of me?
was idifferent from what you expected?
when did you stop--caring for me atall?"
"my dear, i have not stopped!
i do care.
you have been all that issweet and kind.
i tell you honestly that i care for you more, not less,than when we were first engaged."
i _don't_ understand!"
"ah, teresa, neither did i...  that's the pity of it.
it was a mistakefrom the beginning.
i was lonely, and i wanted a wife, and i liked youbetter than any of the other girls.
i was honestly fond of you, dear.
i am now,--but, teresa!
it was affection, not love.
i had no idea whatthat meant.--it is only the last few days that i have known...  there isa world of difference between the two things."
the colour flamed in teresa's cheeks.
"there _is_ a world of difference.
one is right.
the other is--sin!
it is wicked to love your friend's wife."
dane's lips twisted in a grim smile.
"it is a misfortune, teresa, a horrible misfortune for us all, but thereis nothing that could possibly be called wicked about it, as mattersstand to-day.
don't be too hard on me.
i am about as miserable as aman can be.
there seems no way out of it.
i'd give everything ipossess, if i could go back and be as i was when we were first engaged,content and happy, with the prospect of happiness to come."
"i _did_ make you happy for a time, then, even though it wasn't--thebest?"
teresa's face relaxed from its hard composure; a faint twitchingshowed at the corner of the mouth.
what was it?
what was it made you love her more?
she's beautiful, buti'm pretty too, and so much younger, and she wears lovely clothes, butyou liked me to be simple; and she's clever and amusing--sometimes!
butother times she's quite dull, and we had always plenty to say, you andi.  i took an interest in all you did."
dane's sigh was compounded of pity for teresa, and for himself at thememory of that "interest."
it was true that she had questioned himceaselessly about his affairs, and had on frequent occasions offeredadvice concerning their management.
he had been mildly bored, mildlyamused; looking back on his intercourse with _his fiancee_, a contentedboredom seemed to have been his normal condition.
and she comparedherself with cassandra, wanted--pitiful heavens!
to have the differencedefined.
he shook his head in dumb helplessness, but teresa's flatvoice obstinately repeated the request.
you must tell me _why_?"
"teresa, it's impossible.
good god, don't you realise how impossible itis?
why did you care for me instead of other fellows, younger, betterlooking--that young hunter, for example?"
"mr hunter never paid me any attention."
"you mean to say," he stared at her blankly, "that if he had, if _any_man had--"but at that she showed a wholesome anger.
"you know i don't.
you know i would not.
at once, from the verybeginning i cared for you.
i prayed every night of my life that youwould love me back.
i used to watch for you wherever i went.
if i sawyou drive past in the dog-cart, i was happy for hours.
when you wereill that time i was ill too.
they thought it was a chill, but itwasn't, it was misery, and not being able to help.
one day there was abutton hanging loose on your coat.
i _longed_ to mend it!
that's all iwanted,--just to be able to look after you, and mend your things, andmake you comfortable, and sit beside you in the evenings and talk, andwatch you smoke.
i'm old-fashioned and domesticated.
lady cassandraused to laugh at me, and call me victorian and men laugh too.
they saythey like old-fashioned girls, but they don't.
they may be `fond' ofthem, as you are fond of me, but they get tired, and then--then... theymeet the cassandras... and forget everything!
duty, faithfulness--honour--""there is no loss of honour in this case, teresa.
that is one of thethings you must not say.
this is a bad enough business for us all--don't make it worse than it is!
there has been no deceit, no doubledealing.
it was only two days ago that i realised how things were, andthen i determined to leave.
it was that accident which took usunawares."
before he realised his slip, teresa had pounced upon the word.
you mean that?
_she_ cares too?
how do you know?
how do youknow?"
"i did not mean to imply anything of the kind," peignton said sternly,and his eyes sent forth a warning flash.
not for the world would hehave answered, not for a hundred worlds have confessed to a livingcreature--the wondrous, incredible fact that even in her deadlyexhaustion cassandra had understood, and responded to his love.
hereyes had met his, her lips had moved, the tiny flutterings of movementhad brought her nearer to his heart.
he knew that her spirit hadresponded, and through all the bristling difficulties of the moment theknowledge brought joy.
"we will leave lady cassandra's name out of thediscussion," he said coldly.
"you are not concerned with her, only withme.
it's banal to go on repeating that i'm sorry, you know that wellenough.
the question now is,--how can we break off our engagement inthe way least unpleasant for _you_?
it's bound to be unpleasant, but--things pass!
in a year or two you'll meet another fellow, and look backupon this episode, and be glad that it came to nothing.
i'm giving youa lot of trouble, but i've not made a hash of your whole life, as i haveof my own...  think of that, teresa, and try to forgive me!"
"i shall never care for another man while you are unmarried, and ishould be miserable living on at home, as mary has done, year afteryear, with nothing happening to break the monotony.
so you _would_spoil my life as well as your own.
and what would you do living alone?
you are not strong.
you said you needed a home.
you'll have to leavethis place and go away among strangers.
you'll be miserable!"
"very miserable, teresa!"
"and i shall be miserable too.
will you dosomething for me--to show that you really are sorry, and to help us bothto,--to get over this?"
"i will indeed, teresa.
only try me."
"then marry me at once, and let us go away together to live in anotherplace."
he stared at her, stunned, incredulous.
of all the wild, impossiblerequests this was the last which he had expected.
he could hardlybelieve that he had heard aright.
you can't mean it.
when you know that i love--"she held up a warning hand.
"i thought she was not to be mentioned!
i do mean it, dane.
it'sthe best thing for you, as well as for me.
can't you see that it's thebest thing?"
"i see that it's impossible.
excuse me, if i'm brutal.
if you could doit, i couldn't.
i should be wretched.
i should make you wretched."
"you weren't wretched when we were first engaged!
you chose me, and youwere satisfied, until this happened.
if we were far away in a newplace, you would be satisfied again--i could make you satisfied.--i...
i don't say--" the even voice quavered over the admission--"that itwould be the _same_.
it can never be the same for either of us, itwould be better than nothing.
we would find a little home, and make itpretty.
you would be interested in the land.
there'd be the shooting,and you could keep a horse, and hunt.
we'd grow all our own fruit andvegetables.
there would be neighbours...  they would ask us out, and wecould give little parties in return.
there would bequite a lot of things to interest you, and fill up the time.
and...there might be children!"
these last words came with a gasp, rendered additionally touching by theeffort which they entailed.
teresa did not approve of such allusions,and did violence to her own feelings in giving them utterance.
it wasonly the desperation of her need which made her daring.
her chinquivered with a childlike helplessness, and dane looking on felt a pangof tenderness and remorse.
"you poor little girl!
you dear little girl!
you are too kind to me.
i don't deserve it, but i'll be grateful to you all my life.
i'll neverforget you, but, i can't do it, dear--i can't!
try to understand.
putyourself in my place...  _i'm in love_."
"but it's no use," teresa repeated stolidly.
"it's no use."
she wasfighting doggedly with her back to the wall, fighting for love, and forsomething only less precious than love, the preservation of her ownposition among her neighbours.
in the estimation of the village teresamallison was a social success.
lady cassandra had "taken her up," andwhile other girls hung on season after season without sign of anadmirer, teresa at twenty-two had become engaged to the most eligiblebachelor of the neighbourhood.
at the present moment she had reachedthe zenith of her success, and was actually visiting "in the county."
only those who have had their habitation in country towns can realisethe devastating burden of public opinion.
in the first bitterness ofdisappointed love, teresa could still think with a shudder of what"they" would say; could imagine eyes peering from behind short blinds,hear the jangle of the bell announcing callers, sympathetically curious,and full of commiseration for the "poor dear!..."
it was torture toteresa to think of becoming a poor dear!
"it's no use.
you can't live here.
it would only mean--dane!
have youthought for a moment what it _would_ really mean?
of course you willhave to leave chumley."
"is it `of course'?"
her eyes rebuked him for his weakness.
"it would be _wicked_ to stay.
the squire would never have you in hishouse if he knew, but he would _not_ know, and he would keep worryingyou to go... if you stayed away you would have to lie and pretend; ifyou went, it would be just the same--lies and pretence!
and it wouldget worse, not better.
there could be no happiness meeting each otherlike that.
only misery and deceit.
think of what it would be, and thenof the other life, the life with me...  doing right...  comfort.
the tears came now, and rolled down her cheeks.
she looked very young,and pitiful, and appealing, with her hand stretched out towards him, thehand on which shone the ring he had given!
dane took that hand and folded it between his own, he was touched intotenderness by the girl's clinging devotion, and his conscience told himthat she was right in her prophecies.
he was one of the many englishmenwhose religion amounted to a determination to be straight in theirdealings with their fellows.
he knew himself to be guilty of manyfailings, but it had seemed inconceivable that he could ever stoop todouble dealing, far less to the extremity of deceit involved in makinglove to the wife of a friend.
six months ago had such a case beenpresented to him he would have tolerated no excuse, no palliation, wouldhave poured forth condemnation with relentless lips, but now...  godknew his ideals were unchanged, god knew he wished to do the right, buthe was no longer confident of his own strength.
if in the future hefound himself alone with cassandra, and she looked at him as she hadlooked for that one breathless moment, if her hand clung again to his,as it had clung, what about honour then, what about loyalty to hisfriend, and fealty to the girl to whom he was engaged?
by the beat inhis heart, by the throb in his veins, he knew that such considerationswould be but straws upon the wind, to be hurled aside by the rushingforces of nature.
despicable, base, unworthy it might be, but if thatmoment came, it would find cassandra in his arms!
it came to this then, that there was only one course open to him as anhonourable man, and that course was--flight!
he must leave chumley, puta barrier of distance between himself and his temptation, and start lifeafresh.
"i made you happy once.--i could do it again if we were alone."
teresa's voice broke in upon his reverie, repeating her former argumentin insistent tones.
her blue eyes were so wistful that it seemed cruelto point out the difference between then and now.
nevertheless it hadto be done.
"i am afraid it would not be so easy.
at that time i had no otherthought.
now i _know_!"
"it is not going to make you happy to hanker after a married woman.
itwill make you wicked.
you will begin to wish in your own heart that hewould--die!
it would be like committing a murder in your heart.
we aretaught to pray to be delivered from temptation, it would be walking intoit deliberately to stay here,--to allow yourself to go on caring...  oh,dane, wouldn't it be better for you, wouldn't it, wouldn't it, to haveme beside you, loving you, helping you, making a home?
i don't say itcould be the best thing--the best thing is over--but wouldn't it,wouldn't it, be better than loneliness, and wandering, or...
peignton looked at her helplessly.
the deadly logic of her words therewas no denying.
a man must have been a stone who had failed to betouched by her earnestness.
"teresa, if it were possible--anything that is possible i would promiseat once.
but i cannot face marrying just now."
"but you won't break it off!"
teresa cried eagerly.
she had now thefirst advantage in the fight, and her eye lightened with hope.
"promiseme that, and we will leave the rest...  you can make an excuse and goabroad.
there was no time fixed for our wedding, so no one will talk.
and in a few months i could come out to you, and we could be marriedabroad, and travel until you heard of another post.
i've always wantedto travel.
you said you looked forward to showing me things."
it was quite true.
dane as a world-traveller had found amusement in thecountry-bred girl's primitive ideas of sightseeing, and had occupiedoccasional spare hours in sketching out programmes of imaginary tours.
the remembrance came back to him with the remoteness of a childishdream, from which years had sapped the savour.
then he had beeninterested, amused; it had seemed a goodly task to act as teresa'sguide; now the prospect filled him with dreary dread.
he saw a mentalpicture of himself walking the sunlit streets, with a leaden heart,dragging through interminable lengths of galleries, sitting over_tete-a-tete_ meals in crowded restaurants, obliged to talk, obliged tosmile, and act the bridegroom's part.
with a wince of pain he sawhimself and teresa ensconced in a dream-like hotel on a dream-likeitalian lake, watching happy lovers wander about a garden of almostunearthly beauty.
oh god, that beauty!
how it would intensify everylonging; how hopelessly, maddeningly wretched a man might be, alone, ineden!
he did not speak, but his face spoke for him, and teresa flushed andwinced.
she had humbled her pride to the dust, but it was impossibleany longer to blind herself to the fact that for the time being herinfluence over dane was dead.
he had no feeling left but the kindlypity which was but another stab to her heart.
mind and heart alike wereso filled by another image that there was no loophole by which she couldenter in.
for a bitter moment teresa digested the fact, and faced thetruth.
she had done her utmost and she had failed, there remained toher but one hope--time!
given time and separation from the temptationher chance might return, but for the present she must stand aside.
onemore argument remained to her, and that she had hoped need not be made.
she braced herself now to deliver it.
"for lady cassandra's sake, it would be better if our engagement werenot broken off now, when we are staying in the same house.
people havenoticed that you admire her.
they might talk."
he looked up quickly, and stretched out an impetuous hand.
"that's good of you--to think of that!
i wouldn't for the whole worlddrag her name into it.
they've no right to talk; i've given them nocause, but if there's any fear...  _thank_ you, teresa!"
his hand gripped hers, but for the first time the girl's fingersremained limp and irresponsive in his grasp.
she was horribly sore,horribly wounded, her endurance was at an end, she wanted to get away toher own room, and hide her head and cry.
she rose and faced him with agrave young dignity.
"i want you to understand that if she, lady cassandra, were free, iwould give you back your promise at once!
you would not have needed toask me, i should have spoken myself; but if i set you free because youlove a married woman, i am helping you to--sin!
i won't do it.
you areengaged to me, and i shall keep you to your promise.
it isn't nice fora girl to have to force herself upon a man.
if i didn't love you icouldn't do it, but i do love you, and i know that some day you willunderstand, and be grateful to me."
she turned without allowing him time for a reply, and marched stifflyacross the lawn towards the house.
the next day cassandra was still confined to bed.
grizel said that itwould probably be some time before she was able to be about, andannounced her own intention of acting as nurse, while her husband playedgolf with the squire.
so plain an intimation that visitors would be _detrop_ went beyond a hint, and in truth dane had already made up his mindto return home by the first possible train.
that being so, it wasobvious that teresa must return with him, since it had been solely onhis account that she had been invited at all.
peignton looked acrossthe breakfast table around which the little party were seated, andteresa met his eye, and said instantly as though she had been waitingfor the sign:"i think, dane, it would be better if you and i went home this morning!
i am afraid we can do nothing to help, and shall only be in the way.
could i have the carriage for the eleven o'clock train, mrs beverley?"
"i will come with you, of course," dane added, and grizel shrugged hershoulders, and held out her hands with an eloquent little gesture ofappeal.
"dear people, it's most inhospitable and horrid, but i think so too!
ishan't have a moment to spare.
i expect we shall be rushing homeourselves by the end of the week."
the squire and martin looked uncomfortable, but said nothing.
plainlythey also thought that the lovers would be better away, so teresaexcused herself and went upstairs to pack her box, an operation whichshe could not be persuaded to leave to a maid.
with care andcontrivance she could contrive to give the effect of a wardrobe that wassufficient, though not in any degree to be compared to those of her twohostesses, but the gimlet-like eyes of a lady's maid would speedilydiscover and despise the little contrivances inevitable to small means.
teresa had the true middle-class dread of what servants would "think."
she had discussed with other chumley girls the horror of staying inhouses where a maid "poked about."
one friend in especial had recounteda thrilling incident which had befallen her on a recent visit.
for thepurpose of impressing the maid she had borrowed from a married sisterher very smartest "nightie," a cobweb confection of lawn and lace,which, discreetly crumpled, was hung over a chair in the morning, thewhile the utility flannelette was locked in a drawer.
all went well,until one fateful morning, when, on the arrival of early tea, drowsinessovercame discretion, and the flanneletted figure had reared upright inthe bed.
"my dear," concluded the sufferer tragically, "i could have _died_!...
after that her manner entirely changed."
it was a sorry task, refilling that box which had been packed with suchhigh hopes.
as she folded ribbons, and stuffed tissue paper into thesleeves of dresses, teresa could recall the exact sentiments which hadbeen in her mind as she had gone through the same process a few daysbefore.
dane liked blue, so she had decided to wear the new blue dresson the first evening.
the new sports coat was green, which suited herfairness almost as well as blue.
she would wear that when they went outwalking together, and he would slip his hand through her arm.
there wasa filmy white scarf which she had intended to throw over her shoulderswhen they escaped together into the garden after dinner.
that scarf hadnever been taken out of its wrappings.
it had never been required.
thevisit to which she had looked forward, as she had looked forward tonothing else in her life, had ended in tragedy and upheaval.
an ordinary girl would have assuredly shed tears over such a packing,but teresa was not given to tears; moreover, in another hour she wouldbe starting on a _tete-a-tete_ journey with dane, and a disfigured facewould not help her cause.
she recognised the fact, and set her lips,refusing to give way to the choky sensation in her throat, to thepricking at the back of her eyes.
tears were for those who had losthope, and she had not yet come to that pass.
if much was lost, a greatdeal remained.
she would go on fighting.
downstairs teresa made her adieux with smiling composure.
it was grizelwho cried, crumpling her tiny handkerchief into a ball, and dabbing ather eyes without an effort at concealment.
the curse of a vividimagination was presenting to her the inner tragedy of the journeyahead, when the two who were supposedly lovers were left alone togetherfor leaden hours which should have been winged with joy.
she envisagedthe home-coming too, the flood of maternal questionings, the blanknessof spirit which would descend upon the girl when she attempted to settledown.
while teresa had been packing her trunk grizel had been with herin spirit, feeling the reflex of every pang, and now as the carriagedrove from the door she cried unrestrainedly, to her husband's mingledbewilderment and concern.
"are you sorry they are gone?
you said you would have no time...""i haven't.
i'm glad; but, oh, martin, i _am_ teresa at this moment,and it hurts!
i know exactly how she suffers...""that's impossible.
teresa could never feel in your way, and besides,dearest, why should she suffer?
she's not such a baby as to grouse overa few days' visit.
especially when she has her man."
martin knew nothing of the awkwardness of the position, and grizelrealised that she must appear hysterical in his eyes, and longed to pourout the whole tale, but it would not do; for everyone's sake it wouldnot do.
there might come a time when his unconsciousness would be thegreatest boon to all concerned.
"it's all the fault of my beastly imagination!"
she sniffed ruefully.
"i'm always living through other people's dramas, and tearing my heartto fiddle-strings imagining how i should agonise and despair if i werein the same place.
you said one day that it was easy to bephilosophical about a neighbour's toothache, but it isn't easy to me.
ifeel the horrid thing leaping inside my own mouth, and stabbing up to myown ear, and taste the nasty chlorodyney cotton-wool in my own mouth.
i'm such a sensitive little thing!"
"you're a little goose," martin said, laughing.
"in nine cases out often, while you have been torturing yourself, the toothache has stopped,or the poor martyr has shaken off his troubles, and gone off to playgolf.
we can't carry other people's burdens for them, darling, they'vegot to struggle through by themselves.
it's curious with your happytemperament, that you should have such a lurid imagination."
"no, it isn't!
not a bit curious."
i'm interested to hear."
"because i imagine happy things as well, stupid, and they come out top.
if i worry over other people's troubles, i glory in their joy.
youcan't do one without the other; if you don't feel one you can't feel theother.
you may never shed a tear in your life over an imaginary woe,but _have_ you ever wakened in the morning and thanked god because thehousemaid's young man had come home from abroad?--have you ever feltyour soul flooded with joy when you saw the sun shining in through pinkand white curtains on to a brand-new wall-paper you had just chosen?
did you feel as if you could have jumped over the moon, when the czarinahad a son?"
"i--i was very glad."
"well, i wasn't!
i cried with joy, and said my prayers all day long,and thought of her lying there, and hugged the thought of her happiness,the poor, beautiful, tragic thing!
what _do_ you do, may i ask, if oneof your own friends is in trouble, and doesn't see the way out?"
"i--er,--well, if i can help him, i invariably do.
for my own sake, aswell as his.
i like helping.
take it all round, it is the mostagreeable sensation one can have.
if the other fellow feels aslight-hearted and generally bucked up afterwards as i do myself, he isjolly well off.
but if i can't--""yes?"
i don't worry.
what's the use?
it would do him no good for meto be miserable as well as himself."
"the thought of him doesn't follow you wherever you go, like anightmare, squeezing up your heart?"
"don't mix your metaphors, darling.
ishould call it weakness.
i dismiss it from my mind."
"well, i think you are a callous wretch, and i like my own disposition amillion times better than yours."
"there is no discussion on that point is there?
because i most heartilyagree."
"there you are, then!"
cried grizel triumphantly.
"but you _will_argue."
she shook out the damp ball of a handkerchief, and held it flag-ways tothe breeze, tilting her head to look into her husband's face.
"do ilook very plain?"
replied martin, seizing on his revenge,whereupon grizel proceeded to declaim in a loud, artificial voice:...  "`teardrops still lingered on the long eyelashes; the lovely,mutinous face was wasted and ravaged with grief, yet never in her mostqueenly moments had she appeared to him more alluring and sweet.
forweal or woe his life was in her hands.'
...  another fine instalment tobe given in our next number!"
she waved her hand and turned back to thehouse, while martin, laughing, walked across the lawn to join thesquire.
meantime peignton and teresa had reached the station, and he wasunhappily facing a two hours' journey which might easily devolve itselfinto a _tete-a-tete_, since considerate travellers have a habit ofavoiding carriages occupied by interesting-looking young couples.
hewas divided between a horror of a repetition of the scene in the gardenthe day before, and an overpowering sympathy for the girl whom he wishedto avoid.
her set composure went to his heart when he recalled theradiance of the face which had beamed at him in the same place only afew days before.
she had been so happy, poor girl, so fond, sounsuspicious; and now...teresa turned towards him hastily.
"you will go in a smoker, dane, won't you?
i am tired out.
i expect ishall sleep all the way.
come for me at the junction, in case i amcarried on."
she stepped into a carriage, and moved towards the farther side,arranging impedimenta upon the seat, with her back turned towards him.
there was no time to wait, for he was obliged to move along quickly totake his own seat, but though the alertness of relief showed in hismovements, his heart went out towards his _fiancee_ with a rush ofgratitude.
how kind, how considerate, how singularly wise andfar-seeing!
most girls, he was convinced, would have manoeuvred for a_tete-a-tete_, and turned the journey into a torture of tears andreproaches, but teresa had voluntarily sent him away, and had done so,moreover, in a natural, commonplace fashion free from trace of offence.
as he took his seat in a corner of the smoker peigntonwas probably more warmly her admirer than at any previous moment intheir acquaintance.
a sensible, level-headed woman, who would help, nothinder through the hard moments of life.
mentally he took off his capto teresa; but when he had lighted a cigarette he fell back into dreamsof another woman who was neither practical nor level-headed, as admirersof sensible women are apt to do.
as for teresa, she cursed herself a hundred times over for having thrownaway a valuable opportunity, but her resolution not to harass dane inthis first miserable day of indecision sprang into life again at thesight of his worn face when he came to join her at the junction, and shebraced herself afresh to help him through the ordeal of arrival.
mrs mallison had been prepared by wire for her daughter's suddenreturn, and her curiosity was at boiling point as to the reasonsthereof.
the statement that lady cassandra was ill, and mrs beverleyengaged in nursing, was far too vague to prove satisfying.
she wantedto hear what nature of ill, how long an ill, how serious an ill, withdetails of the premonitory symptoms, and the precise circumstances underwhich they had developed.
she waved the way towards the dining-room,explaining that lunch had been delayed half, an hour for the travellers'benefit.
of course dane would stay and take pot luck.
mutton haricotand gooseberry fool.
"you can tell us all about it over lunch, andafterwards," she added meaningly, "teresa and you can have a nice quietafternoon!"
peignton quailed at the prospect, but once again teresa came to therescue.
"dane is very tired, mother.
we are both tired.
he is going straighthome to rest.
be sure you _do_ rest, dane," she added, turning towardshim, and holding out her hand.
"i shan't expect to see you again untilsunday."
"i am quite sure he won't agree to _that_!"
mrs mallison declared, andcontinued to protest volubly against dane's departure, and to sing thepraises of the haricot and fool, but her flutters had no power againstthe inflexibility of teresa's calm, and finally she realised her defeat,and scurried back to shut the dining-room door, with the obviousintention of giving privacy to a tender farewell.
"you are very good to me, teresa," dane said.
the next second herealised that he was expressing gratitude to his _fiancee_, for givinghim a chance of escaping her own society, and the realisation infused anadded warmth into his last words.
"_thank_ you, dear."
quite simply and naturally teresa lifted her arms, and clasped themround his neck.
she did not kiss him, but she laid her fresh, coolcheek against his, and said:"i love you, dane.
i shall always be good to you."
peignton went out into the road hating himself because the sound of that"always" had dried up the spring of tenderness.
god help him, he wantednothing of this girl which should last for always!
if he were free ofher to-day he would remember her all his life with gratitude andaffection, but those twining arms chafed him like a chain.
peignton took teresa at her word, and paid no visit to the cottage forthe rest of the week.
he sent down a hamper of flowers, however, withan envelope enclosing a short note written on his thickest paper, whichto the maternal eye might give the effect of length.
he would not beless careful of teresa's feelings than she had been of his, and he knewwell that to allow three days to pass without visit or message wouldstamp him in mrs mallison's eyes as neglectful and unappreciative.
thebest flowers which the hothouses afforded were collected to fill thathamper.
since the announcement of his engagement it had been an understandingthat peignton should spend sunday with the mallisons, appearing in timefor early dinner, and remaining until after the eight o'clock supper.
in the afternoon he and teresa sat in the morning room together, orwalked into the country, and after tea he played a game of chess withthe major, while from the drawing-room came the sound of hymn tunesplayed on a cracked piano.
mrs mallison had been "brought up to hymntunes" after tea on sunday afternoons, and commandeered her daughters toproduce her old favourites for her delectation.
"the church's onefoundation" led the way to "onward, christian soldiers," while "oh come,all ye faithful," enjoyed a vogue independent of time or season.
sometimes teresa sang the words in a strong soprano voice, an excellentvoice for a choir, but a trifle harsh when heard by itself, but oneafternoon, during one of the protracted pauses which preceded themajor's moves, peignton's ear was attracted by a new tune, played with asofter touch, and presently another voice began to sing, a soft,somewhat tremulous voice, with a quality of extraordinary sweetness.
the hymn was "abide with me," and the sound of the well-known words sungin that soft, tremulous voice brought back a hundred boyish memories.
that was the hymn which he had liked best in the old knickerbocker dayswhen he trotted to church with his parents; that was the favouriteclosing hymn at the school chapel; away on the indian plains he hadheard his men whistling it over their work.
on the impulse of themoment peignton pushed back his chair, and crossed the little hall tothe drawing-room.
the door was intentionally left ajar, owing to mrsmallison's persistent belief that "papa liked to hear the music," sothat dane found himself able to see, without being seen.
teresa was notpresent, mrs mallison lay back in an easy chair, her eyes closed, herhead swaying to and fro in time with the music; at the piano sat--couldhe believe the evidence of his senses?--mary mallison herself, thatmachine-like automaton in human form, whom he had believed incapable offeeling!
through the chink of the door peignton stared for oneincredulous moment at the bloodless lips through which breathed thoselow, crooning notes, then drew noiselessly back, with a tingling in hisveins which was curiously like shame.
he had caught a glimpse of anaked soul, and the revelation filled him with distress.
no woman couldhave that note in her voice, and not possess the power of feeling anacuteness of joy or grief.
no woman could have it who had not alreadytasted the sweets and bitters of experience.
but if mary could feel, how could she endure the life that was hers?
ashe went slowly back to his game, peignton had his first glimpse into thetragedy of the life of a woman to whom nature has bequeathed a sensitiveheart, and a plain and unattractive exterior.
sunday in the mallison _menage_ was not at the best of times a cheerfuloccasion, though hitherto teresa's society had made it bearable; underthe new conditions it became a penance difficult to endure.
the oneo'clock dinner was invariably the same.
roast beef and yorkshirepudding, a pie made of the fruit in season, flanked by custard inglasses; biscuits and cheese, and a sketchy dessert.
mrs mallisoninvariably discussed the morning's sermon.
teresa invariably disagreed,and the major preserved a dejected silence.
to peignton's supersensitive sight it had appeared sometimes as if eachdaughter had assumed a startling likeness to a separate parent.
maryhad her father's features, her father's shrinking air.
teresa--why hadhe never noticed it before?--teresa was a youthful replica of hermother.
given another twenty years she would develop into the samestout, bustling matron.
his flesh crept at the thought of sittingopposite to her in the major's place.
in the afternoon teresa suggested reading in the garden as analternative to the usual walk; she also announced that mr hunter andhis sister were "coming in" to tea, an innovation in the day's programmefor which peignton was devoutly thankful.
he had met the young doctorand his sister, and knew them to be lively, talkative young people,eminently capable of rolling the conversation ball.
their presencewould prevent personalities, and keep the talk away from dreaded topics.
never in his life had he accorded a more cordial welcome to comparativestrangers.
the table was set beneath a tree in the garden, and teresa in her whitedress made an attractive figure against the green of the background.
her hair was carefully dressed, a touch of blue at the throatintensified the blue of her eyes; there was in her manner that touch ofself-consciousness and artificiality which to a discerning eye bespokethe presence of an admiring male.
roused to a momentary interest,peignton realised that the admirer was not himself in this instance, buthunter, the young doctor.
he hovered about the table with eager looks;he discovered what teresa needed, as soon as she found it out forherself, and darted forward to help.
when she moved, his eyes followedher; when she spoke, he was all ears; and once, turning from the teatable, the young fellow knitted his brows, and stared fixedly intopeignton's face.--"what does she see in _you_?"
--said that look asplainly as words could speak, and dane, knowing himself to look wearyand absent, felt an answering sympathy.
he roused himself to take part in the conversation, and for the rest ofthe evening was careful not to relapse into silence, but the whole thingwas like a dream, a dull, long-drawn-out dream which had no connectionwith life.
he was moving as in a dream, speaking with forced, unnaturalwords, but presently he would awake.
all day long the sense of waitingwas upon him, of doing time until a a certain period was reached.
ifthis sort of thing were to continue, it would be unbearable, but itwould not continue.
there was a limit to his endurance.
in a few days,in a week at longest, cassandra would be home again, and they wouldmeet!
the sense of waiting grew stronger...an interminable period seemed to elapse before peignton heard the newsfor which he was waiting.
he had received one or two post-card bulletins from grizel, and knewthat the shock of the accident had left no lasting effect on cassandra,but it was not until the morning of the tenth day that he heard of herarrival at the court.
his informant was a workman on the place, whomentioned having seen her ladyship driving, as a proof of that moreinteresting event, the squire's return.
the natural enquiry, "how did she look?"
could, of course, not be askedunder the circumstances, but peignton knew that it would be impossibleto exist for another twenty-four hours without settling that questionfor himself.
if he had been asked what plans were in his mind he wouldhave replied that he had none, yet deeply, subconsciously, during everyone of those long ten days a plan had been shaping.
when he left thehouse after lunch that afternoon, he knew exactly where he was going,and although he might delude himself that he was following a suddenimpulse, it would have been in just that direction that he would havedirected his steps on any one of the previous days.
half an hour's brisk walking brought him to the northern gate leadinginto the squire's grounds.
it was the farthest entrance from the house,but peignton had no intention of visiting the house.
the gate was but ashort distance from the secluded summer-house in which cassandra hadgiven him tea on the afternoon on which they had run away from theincursion of afternoon callers, and it was to the summer-house that hewas bound.
cassandra would be there.
he knew it as certainly as though he had hadher written word of promise, and he knew also that she would be awaitinghis arrival.
such knowledge is not to be accounted for in ordinaryterms, nor is it given to all, but those who have once heard the voicerecognise and obey.
peignton quickened his footsteps as he passed the lodge, then turneddown a small grassy path, followed its windings for a few hundred yards,and saw before him the timbered roof, with its drapings of ivy.
thewindow was in front, level with the door, so that he could not see intothe interior; but if cassandra were there she would hear his footstepsand know that he was approaching.
the last yards stretched long as amile, the laboured beating of his heart seemed to mount to his throat,he set his teeth, and went forward.
the next moment he saw her, even as his mind had pictured, seated on alow cane chair, her hands clasping its arms, her face bent forward togreet him.
she wore a white dress over which a knitted silk coat of abright rose-red hung loosely apart; her hat lay on the table by herside, and the dark wings of her hair fell low over her brow.
seenthrough the arch of greenery which covered the doorway, the colours ofher dress attained an added vividness, and the beauty of face and figurewere thrown into fullest relief.
she looked like a princess imprisonedby the evil genii of the forest; like an enchanted princess watching forthe prince who should set her free.
for one moment peignton paused silently, his eyes meeting hers, then hecrossed the threshold and stood by her side.
neither had spoken,neither had affected any sign of astonishment, and now as he stoodwaiting, cassandra lifted her face to his and said simply:"i knew you would come.
i was waiting for you."
"i knew you would be here," replied peignton as simply.
he sat down onthe seat next hers and looked into her face with a long, lingeringglance.
the last time he had seen that face it had been marked withbruises made by his own hands; the bruises had disappeared, neverthelessthis was not cassandra's face as he had known it; there was somethingnew in its expression, something wonderful, something that thrilled tohis heart.
instinctively he held out his hand, and in an instant herslay inside it, warm and close.
the great lady had disappeared; it was agirl who was sitting beside him, a girl with soft irish eyes and a softirish voice which spoke impulsively, asking tremulous question:"dane!
is it my fault?"
"your fault that i... _care_?
only in so far as you are yourself...once i had met you, the rest was bound to follow; but i never dreamt...i never dared to dream that you--""but i did," she said quickly.
i cared first; before youthought of me...  that is why i asked if it was my fault."
"i have always loved you, but i didn't understand...  cassandra, thereare some things a man can't say, but that night--i had no intention ofgetting engaged to teresa.
we... the car... there was an accident...she was afraid.
i _had_ intended to propose to her months before, wheni knew you only as a name.
i had given her every reason to suppose thati should...  there is not a word to be said against teresa, but _that_night i had come straight from you...  i don't want you to think--""ah!"
cassandra turned her hand to clasp his more firmly.
"need wetalk of her now?
we make mistakes; haven't imade my own?
but they are past, they can't be helped, and now--we aretogether!
i have waited so long.
i don't want to talk of her, or ofanyone else, but just ourselves..."her eyes met his; their message was the same as that of the lips, thebeautiful vivid face was close to his own, he saw it with a clearness ofdetail which had never before been possible.
the dark eyelashes grewthickly on the lower lids; underneath the lids the skin had a faintbluish shade.
was that the explanation of the tired look which, even inmoments of animation, gave a touch of pathos to her air?
the quality ofpathos was there at that moment, and with it a fragility which grippedat dane's heart.
he forgot everything but the dearness of her, thenearness of her, the wonder of her love.
with an impetuous movement heheld out his arms and she met him half-way, swaying into them with asoft murmur of joy.
that which dane had foreseen had come to pass: he had confessed his loveto his friend's wife, and she lay wrapped in his arms, yet there was nofeeling of guilt in his heart at that moment, and he knew that cassandraherself felt equally guiltless.
the overpowering forces of nature hadhurled them together, and they clung helplessly, like two children,dismayed by the dark.
sighed cassandra tremblingly, "i wanted you, i wantedyou!
it has been so long lying there alone, all these days, hearingnothing, knowing nothing, having no one to speak to...""mrs beverley--?"
i wasn't sure.
it was all so misty and confused at thetime that i did not know how much the others had heard...  your voicesounded to me like a trumpet call, bringing me back to life, but itmight have been only a whisper.
i couldn't tell if she knew, and untili did, i couldn't speak."
"and she never--?"
she was just her natural self.
_did_ she knowthen?
you talk as if...  did they both know?"
peignton bowed his head.
there was no disguise.
there was only one thing in theworld for me at that moment, and that was you.
heaven knows what isaid, but it was enough.
fate has been against us all the way.
if ithad not been for that accident, no one need have known.--i could havekept it to myself."
"oh, dane, would that have been better?
do you think that would havehelped me?"
cassandra asked pitifully.
"there is only one thing thatmakes life endurable at this moment, and that is that i _do_ know.
it'swicked; it's selfish; but it's true!
i was starving with loneliness.
all those dreadful days at the sea when she was there, and i saw youtogether, i was longing to die.
it seemed as if i could not endure togo on with life, but when death really came near, i was frightened.
it's terrible to feel your breath go.
i think for a few moments i musthave lost consciousness, for i remember nothing after you seized hold ofme, until i was lying--like this--with my head on your shoulder, and youwere saying--saying..."peignton's breath came in a groan.
"did i say it?
i mean, am i more responsible than for the breath idrew?
what i said to you then, cassandra, _said itself_.
if i had beenin my sane senses, i would have killed myself rather than have said themthen--before her!"
cassandra lifted her fringed eyelids in a questioning gaze.
"for my own sake i am glad; but it was hard for her.
wasshe--did she...  what has happened between you, dane?"
"nothing has happened.
we had it out, of course.
the next day.
beforewe came home i wanted to set her free, but she refused."
but how could she?
when she _knew!
why_ did she refuse?"
dane flushed in miserable discomfort.
"if you had been free, she would have broken the engagement herself, butshe believes that it would make things harder for--for us both, if shestood aside.
she thinks we might be tempted to--to--""what _are_ we going to do, dane?"
cassandra asked simply.
"isn't itstrange how one comes up against problems in life, and how differentthey are in reality from what one has imagined?
i've heard of marriedwomen falling in love with other men, and meeting them, as we have metnow.
it seemed so despicable and mean.
i felt nothing but contempt,but we are not contemptible; we have done no wrong.
we needed eachother, and all the barriers in the world couldn't keep us apart.
we aresitting--like this!--but i don't feel that i am doing wrong.
if i could meet you here--not often--just now and then for half anhour, a quarter of an hour, and could put my head on your shoulder, andfeel your arms holding me tight--i could go on...  i could be better--"peignton shook his head, and a dreary travesty of a smile passed overhis face.
he was marvelling for the hundredth time at the extraordinarydifference between a woman's sense of honour, and that of a man.
hecould have set his teeth and stolen his friend's wife, carrying her offboldly in the face of the world, prepared to pay the price, but it wouldhave been impossible for him to continue a series of clandestinemeetings, however innocent, and still hold out the hand of friendship.
cassandra was not the type of woman to desert her home and child.
shehad made a vow, and she would keep it, yet she could declare that shewould be the stronger for such meetings.
she meant it inall sincerity.
he would never allow her the misery of discovering hermistake.
"no," he said firmly.
"never that, cassandra.
it has to be all ornothing.
there's no midway course possible for you and me.
i love you;there's nothing in the wide world that counts with me, beside you.
ifyou could trust yourself to me, i would swear to serve you until mydeath, and it would be joy, the truest joy i could know.
it is for youto order, cassandra, and i shall obey..."he felt her shrink in his arms; her voice trembled, but she forcedherself to speak.
"what do you mean?
say it plainly, dane, please, quite plainly.
"if you will come with me, cassandra, we'll go abroad.
i'll take avilla in some quiet spot, out of the tourist beat.
we could stay there,together, until...  he would divorce you; he is not the kind of man toshirk that.
the case would be undefended, so you would not have toappear...  in less than a year we could be legally married."
cried cassandra, trembling.
she passed her righthand against peignton's shoulder, the hand with the emerald ring, andraised herself from his embrace.
there was a look in her eyes which hehad not seen before, the mother-look on guard for her young.
it was notof the stolid, freckled-faced schoolboy that cassandra was thinking atthat moment, but of the small, soft-breathing thing which had been thereward of her anguish, which she had greeted with such a passion of joy.
have you forgotten my boy?"
i have forgotten nothing.
is the boy more to you than i am,cassandra?"
no," she turned to him with eager penitence.
"not so much; not somuch; but he is mine; i am responsible.
and he is growing so big--in afew years he would understand.
...  even now the other boys--i have donevery little for him in his life.
i have been allowed to do so little,and he isn't affectionate.
it isn't me personally that he would miss...a new gun, or a pony would more than make up _now_!
but he _would_care!...
the time would come when he would be ashamed.--i couldn't bearmy own little son to be ashamed of me, dane!"
there was no answer to be made to that protest.
dane stared at theground, miserably conscious of the hopelessness of the situation.
hewas determined to keep to his resolution that it should be all ornothing between cassandra and himself, yet the prospect of parting wasintolerable.
"are you thinking entirely of the boy?"
he asked slowly, after a pause.
doesn't he enter into your calculations?"
cassandra's face hardened.
"no," she said coldly.
"i am not thinking of bernard.
if there wereonly bernard to consider, it would be different.
bernard has not kepthis promise to love and cherish me all his life.
i am a live woman, andhe treats me like a machine.
a man like that has no right to a wife.
if i left him, it would open his eyes to his own selfishness, and do himgood.
he would marry again, and his second wife would reap the benefit.
you need me more than bernard needs me, and i need you...  but there'sthe boy--""and," said peignton heavily, "teresa!"
cassandra glanced at him swiftly, and into her eyes came fear.
"dane... will you, can you,--marry her _new_?"
"i have told her that it's impossible, but she insisted on keeping onthe engagement.
i stood out, but she said that possibly your name mightbe dragged in if the engagement were broken off just now, after ourvisit to you.--i could not stand the risk of that, so--it was left!"
"and you are engaged to her still?"
she is very considerate.
she makes it as easy for meas she can...  that's a hateful thing to say!
i hate myself for sayingit.
if it's hard for us, it's harder for her.
she's the one left out.
she might have made things unbearable.
can you imagine what it wouldhave been if she had blurted out the whole tale,--told it to her ownpeople, to have it handed round the neighbourhood, with a hundredexaggerations within twenty-four hours?
a girl might so easily havelost her head under the circumstances, but she--i don't think shereproached me once!
she seemed all the way through to think of me morethan herself.--i never saw her more sweet!"
a vision of teresa had come into his mind as with flushing cheeks shehad said, "there might be children!"
many times over had he recalledthat moment, and always with the same tenderness and pain.
cassandrarecognised the note in his voice, and felt a very human pang ofjealousy.
"what did she say about _me_?"
"you and i count as one.
we must do.
there's no considering us apart.
she fears that if i were free, it would be one barrier removed, and weshould be the more tempted.--by holding me to my word, she is doing allthat is in her power to prevent--"cassandra's short upper lip curved with a touch of scorn.
it touchedher pride that insignificant teresa mallison should presume to lay downrules for her guidance.
it had pleased her to admit the girl to acertain amount of intimacy, but always it had been she who hadcondescended, teresa who gratefully received.
cassandra was not a snob,but she was an earl's daughter, and the consciousness of her birth wasvery present at that moment.
"it seems," she said coldly, "that we are in teresa's hands!
she hasgiven you her orders, and you have obeyed."
then peignton looked at her, and she quailed before the passion in hiseyes.
"give me _your_ orders," he said thickly, "and she goes, everythinggoes!
i'll throw over the whole thing to-night, work, honour, friends--everything there is, if you will give me yourself--if you'll come to meto-night, and let me take you away--oh, my beautiful, if you onlywould...""dane!
cried cassandra sharply, "_i want to_!"
she covered herface with her hands, and he wrapped her close to his heart.
am i wicked?
i've always called a woman wicked who felt likethis, but it seems now as if it would be so right, so natural: so muchmore natural than saying good-bye!
but i can't--i can't do it.
i'mbound with chains.
it's the boy's home..."they clung together in silence.
on this point at least there wasnothing more to be said, and each realised as much.
the chains mighttear cassandra's heart, but they would not give way, for they wereforged out of the strongest sentiment of the human heart.
the mother inher would not stain her boy's home.
in the midst of his misery,peignton loved her the more for her loyalty.
presently she spoke again in a low, exhausted voice:"dane--what shall you do?"
i don't know.
leave chumley as soon as possible.
it doesn't matter where.
but i must clear outof this."
"is it necessary?
if we meet very seldom?
never, if you think itbetter, in private!
would it really be easier if you never saw me?
idon't feel as if i can live if i lose you altogether.
even to see youdriving past in the street--"peignton shook his head.
the thing could not be worked.
the squire would askme here.
i could not always refuse.
i couldn't stand it, cassandra; itwould be too much for flesh and blood.
it must be all or nothing."
"you won't go at once?
i must see you again; i must!
there isso much to say.
i'm going to do what is right, dane.
i'm strong enoughfor that, but i must have _something_ for myself!
you will meet meagain, just once, to--to say good-bye--"her voice broke, and the tears poured down her cheeks.
dane kissed themaway, murmuring passionate words, promising everything she asked.
ifthey were to part for a lifetime, fate need not grudge them a shorthour.
he promised, and cassandra lay silent with closed eyes, her handsclinging to his, her cheek touching his own.
in both minds was thethought of the barren years to come when they would remember this houras a treasure snatched from fate.
this was the golden time, thefleeting glory,--let them realise, let them make the most!
neither spoke; it seemed a waste of time to speak.
dane lifted thebeautiful hands and gazed at them with adoring eyes; cassandra liftedhis in her turn, and found their sun-baked strength every whit asbeautiful.
they looked into each other's eyes, deeply, endlessly, aslovers look who are about to part, and the world and all that is in ithas ceased to exist.
footsteps came along the winding path but they did not hear; light,tripping footsteps drawing nearer and nearer.
they reached thesummer-house, and halted before the opened door.
said a quiet voice.
cassandra lifted her head and stared blankly, then with colddispleasure, into the intruder's face.
there was not the faintest tingeof embarrassment in her mien, nothing but surprise, and anger, and anintolerable impatience.
she sat in silence, struggling to collect herthoughts, and the while she stared, grizel stepped lightly over thethreshold, and seated herself on one of the scattered chairs.
it wasdone so quickly that there was no time for protest, if protest had beenpossible, and cassandra, biting her lip, turned towards dane forsupport.
he had risen to his feet, and looked miserable and embarrassedas a man is bound to do when placed in an awkward situation.
cassandralooked for signs of an anger corresponding to her own, failed to findit, and in consequence felt angrier than before.
her voice was steelyin its hauteur.
"did you wish to see me?"
said grizel softly.
her hazel eyes met peignton's with along, straight glance, whose message he could not misunderstand.
heflushed, and held out his hand.
"i'll go...  good-bye--""i shall see you again.
i am free on wednesday and on friday."
cassandra spoke in a heightened voice, as though scorning an attempt atdeceit.
"you will meet me here?"
i'll let you know--"he dropped her hand, bowed slightly to grizel, and swung rapidly away,leaving the two women alone.
"grizel beverley," said cassandra deliberately, "i hate you!"
said grizel, trembling.
"of course you do!"
she shookout a minute handkerchief, and wiped the moisture from her face.
itdawned on cassandra's perceptions that she was deathly pale.
"why did you come?"
"i don't know."
"was it just chance?"
grizel's lip trembled.
"cassandra, i loathe to preach; but i don't believe it _was_!"
"how did you get here?"
it's the longest walk i've ever taken.
i never came in bythe north gate before.
i've never turned up this path.
it was a coincidence, which you are trying to turn into aspecial guidance of providence on my behalf.
i'm sorry that i cannotrecognise it in that light.
i wish with all my heart that you hadstayed away...  what good do you suppose you are going to do?"
"the lord knows," said grizel, shrugging.
the next moment, with astartled air, she continued.
"he _does_ know!
i said that withoutthinking, but it's true...  won't you let me help you, darling?
i'm nota bit shocked, you see.
i knew before, and i'm not a chicken,--i'mtwenty-eight.
i know that love doesn't work to order.
i was horriblyafraid for you before that day on the cliff, and then of course i_knew_!"
"how many people have you told?"
grizel was silent.
cassandra moved her shoulders with an impatientshrug.
"i beg your pardon.
i didn't mean that.
"not one word."
"i thought you told him everything?"
"about myself i do.
not about friends."
"thank you for that, at least," cassandra said ungraciously.
the nextmoment she threw out her hands with a gesture of hopeless appeal.
"oh,grizel, i'll have to forgive you, for i need you so much, but it washard!
you needn't have grudged us that little time...  i could havekilled you for coming in just then.
as you know everything, tell mewhat we are to _do_?...
i feel as if i were going mad...  what are weto do?"
"what does he suggest?"
"he asked me to go away with him to-night.
i've told you, so now youcan go and warn bernard.
perhaps providence will throw you up againsthim on the way home!"
grizel mopped her eyes with the little handkerchief.
she asked softly.
"it's bad enough, goodness knows,without that to make it worse...  and are you going, dear?"
the voice was so tranquil that cassandra started in surprise.
"what would you say, if i said i was?"
"i think--at this moment, i rather expect that you will!
i should havesaid `yes' myself at this point."
"well, i didn't!
i am stronger than you.
i refused, because of theboy.
but you needn't praise me.
i deserve no praise.
i'm going to domy duty, but i'm not doing it from my heart.
i _want to go_, and i toldhim so.
did you know i was a bad woman?
i was rather proudof myself for being so unflirtatious all these years.
it was onlybecause i had not been tempted.
the moment i am tempted, i go topieces.
if we are judged by our thoughts, i'm a wicked woman.
i'd giveeverything i possess in life, if i were free to go to him to-night!"
"so would i, so would i,--if it had been martin," cried grizel, sobbing.
"everything that belonged to myself.
and it _isn't_ wrong; it isn'twicked; it's the human nature in us that we can't help.
everyconsideration for oneself goes down like ninepins before the one bigthing.
they don't count...  it's the _other_ people who block the way!"
"one other person in my case.
bernard doesn't count.
i am nothing tohim.
why should i ruin my life by staying with a man who doesn't wantme?
if it were not for the boy, i'd go to-night.
you know what mymarried life has been,--would you think i was doing wrong if i left thepretence to take the reality?
it would be a truer marriage, even if itwere not blessed by the church.
yet people would think we were wicked.
would you think so too?"
"sure i may speak straight out?"
i asked you.
i'm hurt so much already that youcan't hurt me any more."
but for several minutes grizel sat silently, her hands folded on herknee, her eyes steadily gazing ahead.
and as she sat, gradually,surely, the expression of her face changed.
the sparkle died out of hereyes and left them soft and grave, the curling lips took on a newtenderness.
it was as though she were deliberately banishing the thingsof this world, gathering to herself a strength to help in time of need.
the little face grew tense with earnestness; when she spoke her voicehad a deepened note.
"yes, dear, i think it would be wicked.
not so much for your own sake,as for all the people around.
you know the inwardness of things, butthey don't.
they would see only the bare, ugly fact...  `lady cassandrahas eloped with her husband's friend!'
it would be a bad breathstealing out, infecting wherever it went; searching out weak places, andweakening them still more,--if you three were alone on a desert island,i wouldn't hesitate a moment in your place.
i should go to my mate, andthere would be no sin on my soul, but we're not in the desert, we're ina crowd, and you, poor darling!
are perched high up.
you are a bigperson here in this little place; down to the very school-children,everyone notices, everyone copies, everyone takes you as an example ofwhat should be.
and they have to keep the laws themselves, poor souls!
whether they like them or not...  how do you think it would look to themif you, who have so much, threw over your duties, just to pleaseyourself?"
cassandra shook her head with a dreary indifference.
"but i don't care, you see; i don't care.
nothing matters to me at thismoment but just our two selves!
it's so easy for you to talk, grizel.
you are more than happy; you are content!
i've never been content inall my life.
i've been starved of all that really matters in a woman'slife, and now, when i am offered a full meal, i must give it up and behungrier than before!
i am going to do what is right, for there issomething in me which is stronger than passion, an inheritance, isuppose, from generations of stiff old protestant ancestors,--but thedoing of it will break my heart.
according to the old ideas it shouldmake me happy.
oh, grizel, grizel, it isn't true!
how can i be happyif i give up dane?"
grizel shook her head.
not for a long, long time.
you'll be miserable...  there'sonly one thing, darling!"
"it would be worse if you didn't!
you may be unhappy as bernard's wife,but you would be a hundred times more miserable as--dane's mistress!"
cassandra flushed hotly.
"he would marry me!"
"i'm sure of it.
if he could.
why discuss it; it is not going to happen.
i'm going tolive on at the court, and set an example to the school-children, andkeep bernard's accounts... and grow old, and die, and be buried.
thatis all i have to look forward to, and you have this to remember, grizelbeverley, that it was _you_ interrupted the one hour of perfecthappiness that i have ever known!"
"i'll stay away on wednesday," grizel said meekly, and they laughedtogether in feeble, halfhearted fashion.
"but i'll come up later, andsay everything all over again," she continued presently, "and i'll go_on_ saying it, as often as you need it, and do my penance that way...take long views, cassandra, darling, take long views!
one isn't alwaysyoung and ardent; it's only for a little spell, after all, and all thelong, long time stretches ahead, when one has to be middle-aged, andelderly, and old...  think how thankful you'll be at forty, when the boycomes of age.
think how thankful you'll be at fifty, when thegrandchildren begin to appear.
think what a far-off tale it will seemat sixty, when you don't want romance any more, but just to be quiet,and comfortable, and respected.
and when you are seventy--"cassandra stopped her with a hasty hand.
"i'm not a bit interested in what i shall feel at seventy.
i want to behappy _now_.
i could say all these things to you, grizel, if you werein my place, but they wouldn't help.
i want to be loved!"
she knew better than to advance the reality of her ownaffection at that moment, for the truest friendship on earth can neverfeel the gap left by love.
there was only one person on earth who inany fashion could console cassandra for peignton's loss, and he was theone for whom she was making her sacrifice.
the glimpse she had had ofbernard junior during an exeat spent at home, was not inspiring, butgrizel's indomitable optimism surmounted all difficulties.
"the boy will love you, darling," she said softly.
"that will come!
heis getting to the age when he will appreciate your beauty, and thatmeans so much.
he will begin by being proud of you, and the rest willfollow.
and he will mean more to you after this.
when you havesacrificed so much for a person, he becomes more precious...  you'llgrow together.
i know it, i feel it!
in a few years' time he will beyour devoted companion.
i'm going to have a son like that myself someday, but i shan't have the right to him that you have.
i shan't havepaid such a big price!"
the tears welled slowly into cassandra's eyes.
she turned her headaside, and sat gazing into the mist of green which formed the outerworld.
a son's love would be sweet, but it was at present merely apossibility, while dane's love was real, and near, and strong.
andother women had both!
blessed women on whom husbands and sons waitedwith rival devotion.
the bitter problem of inequality, old as the earthitself, tore at cassandra's heart, demanding why she should starve,while others sat at a feast; why the narrow path should sometimes bestrewn with flowers, and again with jagged stones.
she fought it out inher mind while grizel sat waiting, but to-day she had no power to findcomfort for herself.
body and mind alike were spent and weary.
she wasthankful to feel the presence of a friend..."are you one of the people, grizel, who preach that all lots in life areequally good?"
"i should hope not.
i have some common sense."
"oh, it's not a question of common sense; it's a question of faith.
mrs evans would say they were.
she says every heart knows its ownbitterness, that people may appear very fortunate, but one can nevertell that there is not a skeleton locked away.
and if other people areterribly poor, or chronic invalids, or anything desperate like that, shesays that they have a temperament that makes up, or that we can only seethe present, and not life as a whole...""i've known,--by sight and hearsay,--many whole lives, and they've beena martyrdom, nearly all the way through.
i've known others, in the sameway, which were nearly all sunshine.
rainstorms, of course, and anoccasional squall, but never, never the whirlwind or the lightning.
life is _not_ evened out; it's folly to pretend it.
it's fifty timesharder for some than for others."
it doesn't seem fair.
it's _not_ always their ownfault?"
"of course not.
some of the best people have the mosttrials.
we're bound to have our training, cassandra, dear, and to go onbeing trained till we've mastered our lessons.
in that way we all farealike, but some of us get most of it in this life, and so have the lessto learn over there.
whatever happens to us after we die, we are notgoing to be metamorphosed in a moment into perfected saints; we shallhave to go on working our way up, and oh, cassandra, wouldn't it be adiscouraging feeling to be done with earth, and still drag about thesame old sins?
how thankful we'll be when we awake, for every strugglewhich had thrown off a bit of the load!
that's my explanation of life'sinequalities, and it has helped me more than anything.
when thetroubles came along,--there were plenty of them, my dear, in the olddays--just as a detail i was in love with martin for eight years beforewe were engaged!--i used to say to myself: `no use shirking; if youdon't fight it out to-day, you'll have to do it to-morrow.'
it willwait for you, my dear!...
set your teeth, and get it over."
cassandra looked at her with thoughtful eyes.
she repeated softly, "eight years!"
and stared again,wistful and perplexed.
"you are a continual joy to me, grizel, and acontinual surprise.--i didn't know that you were a religious woman!"
"but i am," grizel said nodding.
in my own way.
the worst ofit is, it isn't other people's way, and they are always getting shockedat me, which is hard lines, for i'm never shocked at them.
i've neededlots of help all those years, and i've always found it, and i wish icould hand over my secrets to you ready made, but it would be no use.
we've got to worry them out for ourselves, and it takes time before thecomfort begins to soak in...""i don't want to learn lessons.
i want to be happy," cassandra repeatedpiteously.
all the long lean years of her marriage added force to theyearning to take advantage of the long-deferred joy now that it waswithin her reach.
"and i want him to be happy too, but not--with her!
grizel, did you know that she wishes to keep him to his engagement?"
she told me."
cassandra's voice took the old haughty ring.
"then shediscussed me with you also, and her altruistic efforts on my behalf!
dane is to remain engaged to her as a safeguard against myself.
that'sthe idea, isn't it?--life is a curious business.
i never imagined thatthe time would come when teresa mallison would dictate to me!"
grizel smiled mischievously.
"and doesn't it rouse the devil in you when she does!
i'mpleased to see it.
it's a healthy sign under the circumstances.
you'llneed a good supply of that pride to see you through the next month, andi guess there's no fear of its running out."
then her face sobered, andher voice took a serious tone.
you must try to be fair toteresa.
she's young and crude, and opinionated, but this has been agreat big test, and she's been rather--_fine_.
i never admired anythingmore than her composure that day on the cliff.
it wasn't because shedidn't feel.
the slight must have been all the worse, just because sheis so complacent and sure of herself.
she went through torture with herlips shut.
she's even more to be pitied than you, cassandra, for she_was_ happy, and she believed so firmly that she was going to be happyever after, and now--at the best--it can never be the same--"cassandra interposed with a sharp-cut question.
"what do you mean by `the best'?"
"from her point of view,--that he should eventually marry her, and makethe best of what remains.
it's pretty hard on a girl of twenty-four toknow that her lover has to nerve himself up to take her like adisagreeable tonic which may eventually do him good.
i could not havestood it; i'm quite sure _you_ couldn't, but teresa can.
the bull-dogquality in her won't let go; she can sit tight and wait, and it's thewaiters who win.
she will go through a bad time, but in the end--"grizel met cassandra's flashing eyes, and said gently, "dear!
if you hadthe choice, wouldn't you rather think of him in the future with a homeand children, happy again, if not just in the same way, rather than as alonely man, eating his heart out for what he couldn't have?"
cried cassandra defiantly.
i want him to remember.
i_want_ him to think.
i'd rather anything happened than that he shouldforget..."then grizel laughed, a soft, tender little laugh, and looking back onthat scene in the days which followed, cassandra knew that more than forany words of comfort, she was grateful for that laugh.
there was in itthe tenderness which a nurse bestows upon the railings of pain-rackedsufferers, and with it a beautiful incredulity which refused to believemere words, and set her faith on the force within, content to wait untilit should resume the mastery.
the task of a comforter is only less difficult than that of the suffererhimself.
he has need of infinite tenderness, infinite tolerance, aboveall, of infinite patience.
not in one hour, or one week, or one monthwill his solace work its effect; again and again must he open his heart,and pour forth all that is his of wisdom, and strength and inspiration,only to find himself thrown back to the very position from which hestarted.
cried cassandra sharply.
"why did you come?
why did youinterrupt us?
and oh, what are we to do?
what shall we do?"
cassandra returned home to fight her battle hour after hour with wearyreiteration.
in her mind was one predominating determination,--to beloyal to the son she had borne, and to bring no shame upon his name, butagainst the cold rock of that decision dashed the waves of a passionatedesire.
she was starving for love, and the gates of her woman's kingdomstood open entreating her entrance.
all that she had longed for, allthat she had dreamt, was waiting for her; the lifting of a hand wouldbring it to pass.
duty faced passion in grim stolidity; passion lasheditself in fury, only to fall abashed before that impenetrable front.
cassandra had sufficient strength to hold fast to her determination;sufficient weakness to regret its power, and to long, wildly, weakly,overwhelmingly for courage to throw everything to the winds, and snatchher hour of joy.
grizel had prophesied that the joy would be but of an hour, thatcontinued happiness was impossible under wrong conditions, and in herheart cassandra acknowledged the truth.
both dane and herself had livedtheir lives in an atmosphere of convention and morality; they were notthe stuff to defy the world, and live undaunted by snubs and chills.
the first wild rapture would be succeeded by mutual loneliness, mutualremorse.
on each would press a burden of responsibility for that otherdear wrecked life.
cassandra acknowledged the inevitability of regret,in imagination lived through it, saw the cloud on dane's face, felt thecramp at her own heart, but even so... even so... they would have hadtheir hour!
if the ship were sunk, there would be treasure saved fromthe wreck.
better to sail forth for the high seas, facing dauntlesslytempest and fire, than to spend the whole of life in a backwater,anchored to a stone!
so the battle waged, hour after hour in weary repetition.
cassandrafought vainly to sink the woman in the mother, and resurrect the oldthrills of devotion.
she thought of the baby who had lain in her arms,the little cooing, kicking cherub who had been the light of her eyes;she thought of the first toddling steps, of the first coherent word, ofthe first, the very first time that the little arms stretched out, ofthe little dimpled baby splashing in a bath.
one by one she recalledthe landmarks sweet to a mother's heart, but before them all, veilingthem like a cloud, stood the image of a stolid, freckled-face boy in aneton suit, a boy who signed his letters "raynor," considered affectionbad form, and preferred to spend the "hols" visiting other fellows'homes.
it was not for the adorable baby of old, but for the eton-suitedboy of to-day that she was to sacrifice her love!
would he care?
would he really care?
guiltily she allowed her mind towander down the forbidden path.
he would hear nothing.
bernard wouldkeep everything from him until--the divorce.
the case would beundefended, no savoury morsels would appear in the newspaper to whet theappetites of the unclean, the vast majority of readers would not noticeits presence.
eventually, of course, something would have to be said.
cassandra winced as she imagined bernard's bluff words to his son: "lookhere, boy, never speak of your mother again.
she's not coming back.
some day you'll understand; until then do as you're told, and keep yourmouth shut.
d'you understand that?
dead and buried so faras concerns us.
never speak of her again."
bernard would not abuse a mother to her son, his sense of fair play wastoo strong; he would simply shut her out from his life, and leave theboy to form his own judgment later on.
but with the sharpness ofdawning adolescence bernard junior would sense something wrong,something shameful, flush unhappily beneath the servants' gaze, andreturn to school miserably dreading that the fellows had heard!
cassandra could not do it.
she could not shame her child.
shecould not step down from the pedestal on which the most prosaic of sonsinstinctively places a mother.
every fresh struggle ended in the samemost piteous, most womanly cry: "i can't.
but oh, dane, dane,i _want to_!"
during these three days cassandra stayed entirely within the grounds anddenied herself to visitors, but she had a constant terror that teresawould call and force an interview.
the girl must suspect some suchmeeting as had taken place in the summer-house; must realise that herown fate hung in the balance.
what more natural than that she shouldwant to plead her own cause?
cassandra stiffened in anticipation.
nothing, she knew, would induce such a reckless disregard of duty as tohear it advocated from teresa's lips.
for heaven's sake, for her _own_sake, let the girl keep away!
but the days slipped past, and teresa did not appear, and a new terrordawned in cassandra's heart.
suppose instead of coming to herself, thegirl went to bernard and warned him of the threatened danger to hishouse!
every time that her husband entered the room afresh, cassandraglanced at his face with an eager scrutiny, and every time bernardsmiled with unruffled cheerfulness and said, "feeling better, old girl?
had your tonic?"
grizel had laid down strict injunctions as to the treatment of herpatient on her return to the court, and had perjured herself by givingthe squire a highly pessimistic opinion of his wife's health, the resultof which had been a certain amount of bluff kindliness and unfailingenquiries as to the consumption of tonics.
cassandra detested the ideaof bernard's hearing the truth from teresa's lips, but there wereoccasions when she burned to tell him herself, occasions when it wouldhave been the greatest relief in the world to say, "i am not ill.  i amnot suffering from shock.
i am in love.
i want to elope with yourfriend dane peignton.
i am breaking my heart because it's my duty tostay."
imagination pictured his face as he stood and listened.
the steelyeyes, the glint of teeth, the ruddy colour surging up over the thickthroat, the large clean-shaven face, up to the roots of the short sandyhair.
"you can look me in the face," he would say, "and _dare_ to saysuch a thing?
have you no shame?"
"why should i have shame?"
she could hear herself answer.
"i have doneno wrong.
i am breaking my heart to do what is right.
i am notashamed, but i am dreadfully, dreadfully unhappy!"
but bernard wouldhave no compassion.
he would make no distinctions.
she wouldhenceforth be contemptible in his eyes.
to the end of their lifetogether he would regard her with suspicion; enquiring into her everyaction, reading guilt into the simplest friendship.
the horror of thatsuspicion sealed cassandra's lips.
the days passed by, wednesday arrived, and teresa had not moved.
cassandra vouchsafed a grudging admiration.
there was--as grizel hadsaid--something fine about the girl's restraint.
what was she thinking,what was she doing all these days, when of a certainty dane must bestanding aloof, waiting for the message which never came?
how could shebear it, caged in that tiny house, with the terrible mother probing forexplanations?
cassandra recalled how mary had declared that it wasimpossible even to cry without attracting curious rappings at the door.
she heaved a sigh of thankfulness for the blessing of space.
wednesday morning passed by, lunch hour came bringing with it bernard,and the inevitable enquiry _re_ tonics, two o'clock arrived, threeo'clock.
in another half-hour she would leave the house, take her wayto the summer-house, meet dane once more, look deep into his eyes, feelthe clasp of his arms.
all life seemed concentrated into those next fewhours, the expectation had been in her heart since the moment when shehad parted from him four days before; the near prospect of meeting hadmitigated every pang.
now that that meeting was at hand every otherfeeling was merged in joy.
the moment was hers, she seized it greedily,with no consciousness of guilt.
she was going to do right, she wasgoing to say goodbye,--surely even teresa would not grudge her her shorthour!
cassandra put on a shady hat, and stood before the long mirror regardingher own reflection as a woman will who is about to meet her lover.
thewhite dress fell in soft lines accentuating her long slimness, the hatwas white also, a simple affair of straw, with a twisted scarf of_crepe_, the gold-flecked hair, the soft carmine of the cheeks, theblue, pathetic eyes gained an added beauty from the lack of colour.
cassandra knew that she was beautiful at that moment, she also knew thatthat beauty would plant a sharper thorn in dane's heart, but being awoman she rejoiced nevertheless.
if she could have made herself morelovely, she would have done it unto ten times ten.
she turned from themirror, opened the door of her room, and crept quietly downstairs.
itwas her desire that no one should see her or know that she had left thehouse.
once the great hall was reached she would slip into the library,and thence through the open window to a side path giving access to ashrubbery, thereby avoiding observation from upstair windows or from thegardeners at work on the terrace beds.
then let what might happen, shewould be undisturbed for the afternoon.
she had reached the lowest step, the library was but a few yards away,when fate shot her bolt.
the door of bernard's office opened, and hecame towards her, telegram in hand.
many telegrams arrived at thecourt.
cassandra was too much a woman of the world to share the fearwith which many of her sisters regard the orange-coloured sheets, butshe needed no words to tell her that this message was no mere businesscommunication.
at the mere sight her heart died within her.
there wasjust one thing on earth which she lived for at that moment, and thetelegram had come to block her way.
she stood still and cold waitingbernard's explanation.
"look here, i say,--here's bad news!
the old mater.
taken worse thismorning.
the second this time, so it may mean the end.
jevons has been looking up the trains."
cassandra did not speak.
the old mater was a venerable and disagreeableold lady whose bronchitic tendencies had made it necessary to abandonthe dower house and make her abode in a more southern county.
thenecessity had been to the daughter-in-law a matter of continualthanksgiving, but to the squire a real regret.
his intenselyconventional nature recognised the duty of honouring a parent, and hehad a genuine and rather touching affection for the cross old woman, whorarely opened her mouth except to grumble and lament.
to cassandra themother-in-law had been an unmitigated trial, and she could not affect tofeel regret at the prospect of an end to a weary invalidism.
theknife-like pang which rent her heart had no connection with the house ofraynor.
"you--you are going down at once?"
"what do you think!
of course we're going.
i was just coming up totell you to get ready."
the pang of presentiment had been well founded.
cassandra felt thehopelessness of a trapped animal, but desperation nerved her to a feebleprotest.
_ought_ i to come?
she'll be unconscious.
i couldn't_do_ anything.
i should only be another person in the house--givingmore trouble."
the blue eyes had their most steely glance as he turned upon her.
"more shame to you if you did!
you can nurse her, can't you?
take yourturn with the maid?
she has a prejudice against hired nurses.
goodheavens, have you no feeling?
my mother ill--dying--and you talk ofstaying at home!
what's the matter if she is unconscious?
your duty isto go and look after her, and i'll see that you do it."
he pulled outhis watch and looked at it hastily.
"you have twenty-five minutesbefore the car comes round.
get rogers to put a few things in a bag--just what you want for to-night.
she can bring along the boxesto-morrow.
goodness knows how long we may have to stay..."he wheeled round and went back to his room, and cassandra draggedwearily upstairs.
twenty-five minutes--in twenty-five minutes' timedane would be awaiting her in the summer-house, and she herself would beleaving the house, leaving the neighbourhood, travelling down to thewilds of devon, there to remain for goodness knew how long, out ofsight, out of touch,--a prisoner, when of all times in her life she mostlonged to be free.
wild impulses flocked into her mind, an impulse to turn back, make herescape into the shrubbery, and fly to keep her tryst.
if dane werewaiting, would it be possible to reach him, to explain, feel for onemoment the grip of his arms, and get back in time to change her dress,and be ready for the car?
no, it was impossible.
moreover, what ifdane had not yet arrived?
when she had gone so far, would she havecourage to drag herself from the spot, where at any moment she mightbehold him approaching?
she knew she had not, and for one wild momentwondered if she could dare still further; deliberately disappear,deliberately _stay_ away until bernard was forced to depart alone, buteven while one by one the questions raced through her brain shecontinued to drag wearily up the great staircase.
here was anillustration of the greater struggle on a lesser plane.
her heart wasvagrant, panting to escape, but the chains of duty held.
bernard washer husband; he was in trouble; he demanded her help; at whatever costto herself that help must be given.
cassandra gave instructions to her maid, and retired to her boudoir tosend a telephone message to the one person in chumley who would come toher aid.
grizel was at home, and her voice came over the wire clear anddistinct.
"yes, it's me.
what is it?"
cassandra's words came haltingly.
her proud spirit had difficulty inframing that message.
"this is wednesday...  wednesday afternoon.
you remember what was tohappen on wednesday afternoon?...
bernard has just had a wire to saythat his mother has had a stroke.
he is going to her at once--we areboth going.
he says i am to nurse her...  we leave in--er--in a quarterof an hour...  grizel!
i...  i was just starting for the summer-house,when he met me with this news.
there is no time for--anything...  will_you_ explain?"
grizel's voice came back in instant reassurement.
"cassandra, i will!
leave it to me...  cassandra, darling, _how_ longare you to be away?"
"i don't know.
how should i?
like a faint, sweet echo came back the words in grizel's deepest tones:"goodness knows!"
the old mater was not unconscious.
the mysterious physical lightninghad smitten the left side of the body, left a drawn, disfigured face,and a helpless arm and leg, but the spirit within was untouched.
by thetime that her son arrived, the old mater had realised what had happenedto her, and was seething with bitterness and rebellion.
it was aterrible sight to see the blaze of the living eye in the dead face; apiteous thing to listen to the mumbled words which proceeded from thetwisted lips.
the tears came into the squire's eyes as he stood by his mother's bed,he knelt on the floor beside her, and stroked her brow with his bigsunburnt hand; with extraordinary sharpness he divined the meaning ofher muffled speech.
throughout that evening, and for hours at a timethroughout the days which followed, he sat by her bedside, ministeringto her wants with clumsy eagerness.
cassandra was for the time beingtoo intensely absorbed with the tragedy of her own life to feel anyactive interest in what was passing before her eyes, but subconsciouslythe various pictures photographed themselves on her mind.
bernardsmiling, indifferent to snubs, persuading his mother to eat, to swallowher medicine; bernard, suppressing yawns, sitting up to the small hoursto be "at hand"; bernard holding the cold hand between his own warmpalms, and by force of his strong electric current soothing the patientto sleep.
he was not _trying_ to be patient; he _was_ patient, out ofpure loving kindness and compassion.
slowly, gradually, the knowledgepenetrated into cassandra's brain, and she asked herself sadly whereinshe had failed, that this quality of tenderness was so lacking towardsherself!
for some months after their marriage bernard had been the mostardent of lovers, then passion waned, and with no appreciable secondstage, neglect had taken its place.
she had been bitterly surprised,bitterly wounded, but what had she done to recapture her husband's love,and turn it into a more enduring form?
had she once realised, as grizelbeverley had realised in the midst of her bridal joy, that love is atender plant, which can only preserve its fragrance when tended withunremitting care?
cassandra looked back and saw herself retiring into achilly reserve, meeting neglect with neglect, indifference withindifference, disdaining to invite a love which was not voluntarilybestowed.
it had seemed, at the time, the only way of preserving herdignity, but as she watched her husband by his mother's bedside, therecame a sudden realisation that if she had thought less of pride, andmore of love, the barrenness of their joint lives might have beenaverted.
if she had used her woman's wiles,--smiled, cajoled, even inthose early days, wept a few,--just a few, pretty, becoming tears, toenforce her need, the barrier would never have grown so high: cassandrahad been accustomed to put all the blame on her husband's shoulders, andto congratulate herself on being immaculately free from blame; nevertill this moment had she realised that to a man of the squire'stemperament, her attitude of chill detachment, and smiling indifference,was of all things the most exasperating.
if she had blazed in anger,even to the extent of facing an occasional battle royal, the corrodingbitterness would have found a vent, and reconciliation opened the way tofresh tenderness.
"it's my fault as much as his!"
cassandra acknowledged, and theadmission softened her heart.
the old mater did not die.
the critical days dragged slowly past, andshe grimly held her own.
in all human probability she would live on formonths, for years, until the lightning fell for the third time.
tocassandra such a recovery seemed a piteous thing, but the squire'srejoicings were whole-hearted, and the old mater herself wore an air oftriumph.
apparently life was dear to her still, and the prospect oflying in bed, with one half of her body already dead, held moreattractions than the celestial choirs on which she pinned her faith.
there was a grim irony in hearing the twisted lips murmur fragments ofher favourite hymn--"oh, lamb of god, i come!"
and cassandra's sense ofhumour could not resist the reflection that the old lady was exceedinglyloath to go!
grizel wrote that she had given dane the necessary explanation, andafter four days' incessant consideration, cassandra wrote and despatchedthe following letter:"i was coming to you, as i promised; i had counted every moment of everyday as it passed, longing for the time to arrive; in another minute ishould have been on my way, and then,--what was it?--fate, chance,providence, god?--_something_ intervened, and it became impossible forme to meet you, then, or later.
i don't know how long we shall be here.
my husband's mother is recovering, but she cannot bear him out of hersight.
he is an angel of goodness to her, and in some wonderful wayseems to be able to lend her some of his own strength.
we may be herefor months; it will certainly be many weeks; so i can't come, dane, ican't have the one joy i longed for... the one more hour together,before we said good-bye!
"it may be for the best.
i may look back in years to come, and bethankful, but i'm not thankful now.
it seems hard, and cruel, andunjust, that i could not have that little hour, and it made it harder,being so near.
oh, dane, that journey!
can you for a moment imaginehow desperately, achingly miserable i was, steaming farther and fartheraway with every moment; thinking of you sitting waiting!
i wonder whatyou thought.--i wonder what you feared?
but you must have been sure ofone thing, at least,--that my heart was with you!
i want you to burn this letter after you have read it.
i musttell you all that is in my heart, but it is best for both of us that itshould not be preserved.
i was going to say, that you should forget it,but i know that will not be possible.
"i am going to stay at my post, dane, and try to make more of it thani've done till now.
i told you that in making my decision i had noconsideration for bernard, but that was a mistake.
i _must_ considerhim, for he is the principal person in life.
he does not love me, butsince coming here, i have begun to see that that is partly my own fault.
i was very young when we married, and i took it for granted that hewould remain for ever an adoring lover.
when he grew cool andcareless--it was humiliatingly soon!--my miserable pride made me treathim as indifferently as he treated me, and so we have grown apart.
ithought he was incapable of tenderness, but watching him with hismother, i wonder if it is simply that i have shown no need.
i'vemade a failure of it all--with the boy too, it seems, though i _did_love him; i did pour out my love...  what is wrong with me, that thepeople who should love me _don't_, and when someone comes along whodoes, we must be parted?
"did you think i should come to you that night?
now that it is past andover, i can tell you that i very nearly did!
an impulse came over meabout nine o'clock, so overwhelmingly strong, that it was all i could donot to rush out, as i was, and make my way to you, bareheaded, acrossthe park.
the effort to resist left me cold and faint.--i wondered ifyou were thinking of me, willing me to come!
and once again, thoughnever quite so violently, the impulse returned, but each time iresisted, and the end finds me here, tied in a sick room, doing my duty,and bidding you goodbye.
"it's hopeless, dane; it's hopeless!
there is too much between.
youmust banish me from your life, and make the most of what is left.
isn'tit strange how in one of our first real talks we discussed makeshifts,and i asked you if you could manage to be happy, if you were denied thebest.
you answered so certainly; seemed to think it so poor-spirited towaste life in regrets.
my poor dane, now you will have to turn yourwords into deeds!
"by the time we return home, you will probably have left chumley.
i canfeel that it would be better so.
the agony of knowing that you werenear, not seeing you, or seeing you only in public, would be more than icould bear, and--there is your engagement!
i can't write of that, or ofher--but surely for a time at least, you would be better apart!
and wemust school ourselves, dane--we must get accustomed.
"oh, beloved, just once, before it is good-bye, i thank you for lovingme,--i thank you for all you have given, i thank you for all you havereceived.
it was only for a little time, but you _did_ open the gatesof eden!
we _did_ walk in paradise; we did taste and know the perfectionof content!
it was all beautiful, all clean, all white, and because itcan't live on and keep its beauty, we'll bury it, dane, deep in ourhearts, and live on as bravely as we may!
dane's reply came by return of post:"beloved!
mrs beverley sent for me and gave me your message.
i havebeen to see her every day since you left.
i don't know how i shouldhave existed without her.
every day has seemed a year.
i made sure youwould write; i knew you _must_ write, but it was a long waiting.
i willed you to come to me that night.
i nearly succeeded, itappears.
god forgive me, i wish it had been quite!
every hour of thoselong days i hoped against hope for a summons from you, and then at lastwednesday came, and i made sure of meeting.--i nearly went mad, sittingin that summer-house, realising that you were not coming, imagining allkinds of wild, impossible things.
it was balm to know that at least youhad _wanted_ to come.
"god bless you, my beautiful, for your sweet, words!
my love for youhas been the glory of my life.
from the first moment that we met, youhave been my queen, and i your servant, waiting to obey.
i will obeyyou now.
since it will be easier for you if i am at a distance, i willarrange to leave chumley at once.
things fit in easily.
i droppedpaley a hint that i was unsettled, and he sends me the kindestinvitation to join him in italy.
i shall go there, i think, for thenext few months, and your wonderful grizel is already planning for thefuture.
there are a number of wealthy relations, so to speak, at herfeet, having come into their wealth through her disinterestedness inmarrying beverley, and amongst them such a thing as a small land agencyshould be easily obtained.
i can't think about the future at present, or anything butjust--_thee_!
there is much in your letter that i can't answer; daren'ttrust myself to answer.
how could a man grow cold?
but it is not forme to make things more difficult.
when i realise how little i have tooffer and how much you stand to lose, my lips are sealed.
there couldbe no happiness for me, if i ruined your life.
"mrs beverley has done me good.
i was a madman when i went to her, butshe has calmed me into my right mind.
i retract all ihave ever said in disparagement of `grizel.'
but i was jealous of herhappiness, seeing you sad.
"one word i must add...  my engagement will formally continue.
i haveexplained everything.
she knows that at any time a word from you wouldbring me to your side; but she still wishes me to take no public step,until a year has passed.
if i were to remain in chumley the thing wouldbe impossible, but at a distance,--as it makes things easier for her, ican hardly refuse.
she is very generous to me, cassandra; very sweet.
i wish i could love her as she deserves.
for her sake, and yours, i amtorn with regret; for my own, even now in the first smart of the wound,i have none.
when i philosophised so lightly, i spoke withoutexperience.
i had never known the best.
now i do know, and theknowledge is worth its price.
our own door is barred, cassandra, but wehave a key in our hands which opens many doors!
it was a spring morning, a year from the day when mary mallison had lefthome, and the remaining three members of the family at the cottage wereseated round the breakfast table.
the passage of a single year leaveslittle impression in the appearance of grown men and women, but thisinstance was the exception to the rule, for an observant eye would havenoted in each countenance something that had been missing twelve monthsbefore.
the major had aged, in spirit as well as body.
he ate little, but movedhis lips continually in nerve-racked fashion, his faded eyes wanderedhere and there with a pitiful unrest.
mrs mallison had noted thesymptoms and ordered cod-liver oil, and the major swallowed the doseswith resignation, feeling the cure less obnoxious than continuousargument.
a large bottle of the oil stood in readiness on a table nearthe door.
mrs mallison was stout and bustling as ever, but had lost her erstwhilecomplacency.
in truth, though the good lady kept up a valiant presencein public, she was little pleased with the way things were going withher two daughters.
a year ago both had been on the wave of prosperity,but the wave had floated them into a backwater, rather than to the havenwhere she would have them be.
mary was still wandering about thecontinent, and mentioning no date for her return.
after several months in switzerland she had crossed the frontier intoitaly, had visited rome and florence and venice, and was now domiciledin paris.
she wrote regularly once a fortnight, but her letters wereextraordinarily unenlightening.
travellers' letters are as a ruleboring in their minutiae, but mary never attempted a word ofdescription.
she simply gave a list of the things she had seen, with anoccasional addition of "it was very beautiful," which fact, as mrsmallison tartly remarked, her readers knew without being told.
she senthome no presents as mementoes to the stay-at-homes.
as a rich,independent daughter mary could not be considered a success.
teresa's marriage hung fire!
mrs mallison was a talkative woman, andit was to her credit that even to her husband she had not allowed hergrowing distrust of dane peignton to find vent in words.
but day afterday she asked herself the same question.
since the man cared enough forteresa to ask her to be his wife, why did he not show a natural desireto be married?
it was no question of means, for the new agency wassufficiently good, and included the use of a delightful house.
it couldbe no question of health, since he had not been laid up a day the wholewinter, and if, as was represented, his responsibility was such that hecould not spare even a week at christmas to visit chumley, all the morereason that he should have a wife to look after his home!
teresaherself appeared to accept the delay as a matter of course, but hermother's eyes were sharp enough to see through the pretence.
the girlwas unhappy; the girl was fretting; her persistent cheerfulness was acloak to cover a wound; when she thought herself unobserved her facefell into weary lines.
teresa was unhappy, but with a mother'sjealous pride in a daughter's attractiveness, mrs mallison told herselfthat, thank goodness!
it hadn't spoiled the girl's good looks.
shelooked thinner perhaps; a trifle older, but there was something whichadded to her charm.
she did not acknowledge in so many words that ahard face had softened, but told herself reassuringly that dane wouldnotice the improvement,--when he returned!
anxiety about her daughters had made mrs mallison more than usuallyunobservant of her husband during the last few months.
she cherishedone or two axioms concerning him which lived on unchanged from year toyear.
one was that "papa was always ailing," another that "papa was sotiresome," a third that in dealing with papa, it was wisdom to "take nonotice."
the cod-liver oil was the only concession she had made to theincreasing weakness which she could not ignore.
breakfast was finished, and half a dozen letters were distributed roundthe table.
teresa turned over her share with an eager hand, and paledinto indifference.
it was with an obvious effort that she tore open anenvelope, and made a pretence of reading.
this morning at least she hadmade sure of a letter from dane.
it was eight days since she had heardfrom him last, and up till now he had written regularly once a week.
they were not lover-like letters, those chronicles of daily doings, andallusions to the leading events of the day, but such as they were, theymade the sum of teresa's life.
she read each letter many times,yearning to find in it some trace of returning love, and once or twiceof late she had believed the search successful.
on one occasion her ownweekly letter had been delayed, and dane wrote that he had been uneasyall day fearing that she was ill.  again, writing of the loneliness of alife among strangers, he had afterwards inserted a closely writtenphrase: "_less lonely after your sweet words_!"
teresa read thatsentence with a thrill of intensest relief.
throughout the months ofseparation, she had persistently written to dane in the same outspokenloving manner as she had done before the fateful visit to gled bay.
heknew that she loved him, she was trusting to that love as the magnetwhich should draw him back to her side, and would not allow pride tostand in its way.
nevertheless, receiving those formally writtenanswers, it was inevitable that she should experience moments ofsmarting doubt.
was she humbling herself to reap only impatience andcontempt?
and then, after five long months, had come that blessedreassurement.
"less lonely, after your sweet words!"
teresa had gone proudly after the receipt of that message, but she washungry for more.
the waiting seemed longer than ever, now that hoperevived.
this morning at breakfast teresa's thoughts were so busily occupied withher _fiance_ that she barely realised the meaning of the words on thesheet before her.
she was automatically turning to read them once morewhen her attention was attracted by a movement at the end of the tablewhere her father had his place.
a moment before the major had opened a long business-like letter whichhe still clasped in both hands, but he had fallen back in his chair, andhis face was blanched and terrible to behold.
as teresa stared in amazeit seemed to her that with every second his body was changing, growingsmaller, and more helpless.
she cried loudly.
buthe had no eyes for her, he was staring across the table into his wife'sface.
it is ruin!
i am a murderer,margaret, a thief--i've played with the money that belonged to you, andthe children, and it's gone.
we are ruined, margaret!--it is all gone.
what have i done!
what have i done!"
mrs mallison rose from her seat and hurried round the table.
sheopened her arms as she went; they were wide open when she reached herhusband's side, and he shrank into them, his head sliding downward onher shoulder with a strange unnatural looseness.
"as if he had noneck," teresa thought to herself as she looked on, "as if he had noneck!"
"there, my dear, there!"
cried the wife tenderly, "don't get upset!
whatever you've done, you meant it for the best.
we know you wellenough to be sure of that.
there, my dear, there!
you've been good tous for thirty-five years--we're not going to blame you if you've made amistake now...  teresa!
speak to your father... comfort him...  henry,look up!...
my god...  henry, _speak_!"
her voice rose to a wail, for even as she spoke, even as she cradled himin her arms, the bolt fell,--so suddenly, so swiftly, that one second itwas not, and the next it was there.
one side of the face crumpled andfell, the eye closed, the mouth stretched in a ghastly grin.
his wifeseized his right arm, and shook it violently, but it fell to his side,heavy as lead.
within the loose tweed coat the shoulder seemed todisappear.
cried teresa wildly, "you were so kind to him.
youwere so kind...  you didn't blame him one bit."
they got him to bed and sent for the doctor, but he never regainedconsciousness.
before the afternoon was over he had breathed his last.
"and now, i suppose," mrs mallison said dully, "mary will come home."
mary came speeding home by the first train after receipt of thetelegraphic message, and arrived at the cottage on the afternoon of thefollowing day.
a strange maid with a scared expression opened the door, and staredaghast as the new arrival pushed past her into the dining-room.
the room was empty, and mary stood upon the threshold looking round thefamiliar scene, which seemed so strangely altered by her year's absence.
the blinds were drawn, but even in the half-lights its proportionsappeared shrunken, its furnishings shabby and poor.
on the centre tablestood a bowl of spring flowers, and two or three store catalogues,certain pages of which were marked with strips of writing paper.
itseemed to mary that those books had lain in identically the samepositions on the morning on which she had left home, but then the markedpages had been those of trousseaux, and now...  instinctively she openedthe nearest volume, and shrank at the sight of monumental stones andcrosses.
the next moment the door opened, and mrs mallison entered the room.
from an upper room she had heard the sounds of arrival, and for themoment the mother in her forgot everything but the fact that her childhad returned.
she held out her arms, and smiled with twitching lips,and mary ran to her, and clung round her neck, with arms which seemed asif they would never let go.
it was not the thought of her father thatprompted that close embrace, it was the remembrance of a year of daysspent in establishments, a year of aimless hours, a year of living amongstrangers, who cared nothing, noticed nothing!
neither praised norblamed.
she had tasted liberty, and liberty had been sweet, but therewas a great loneliness in her heart, and the clasp of mother arms wereas balm to a wound.
gasped mary sobbing.
quavered mrs mallison in reply, then at last they drewapart, regarding each other, with half-shy scrutiny.
mrs mallison hadrushed into the orthodox fitments with a haste which seemed to teresapositively indecent, but it obviously soothed the widow to don her newcap, and stitch muslin cuffs and collar on a black silk dress.
theresult, taken in conjunction with a natural paleness of complexion, wasundoubtedly softening, and made a further appeal to mary's heart.
"you look pale, mother.
you are not ill?
oh, don't be ill!
we can'tspare you too!"
"no, no, my dear.
i am quite well.
it was a great shock... but therewas no nursing.
it would have been worse if he'd been ill long.
sitdown, my dear...  you must have some milk...  he came down to breakfastquite himself, but depressed.
he had been depressed--" she saw marywince, and hurried into explanations.--"about business...  not you, mydear!
he had got over that.
so interested in your letters...  poorpapa!
investments had been bad, and he was led into speculation.
inever suspected.--he never confided in me.
he knew that i shouldobject.
papa could be very self-willed.
it's the way with these mildcharacters; all of a sudden they get the bit in their teeth, and there'sno stopping them."
she saw mary wince again, and gave a peal to thebell.
"you must have some milk!
shall i hurry up tea?
tea,please, mason, and don't toast the muffin until you've brought in thetray.
it was cold yesterday.--i was telling you, mary, that he had hadbad news... opened a letter after breakfast and there it was.--he readit through, and called out to me: `margaret!
the large,complacent face shivered suddenly into tears.
"it was years--years--since he had called me that!"
mary took out her handkerchief, and wiped her own eyes.
she was sorryfor her mother, but the habit of thinking first of herself had grown toostrong to be overcome.
"did he--did he speak of me?"
"my dear, there was no time.
it fell on him at that very moment--thestroke!
he never spoke again.
those were his last words, `margaret!
--as he used to call to me when we were young, before youchildren were born."
there was evident solace in the remembrance, despite the tears which itevoked.
mary made a futile effort to conjure up a picture of youthfulparents, loving each other, living in happy comradeship, and thenreverted to her mother's words of a few moments before.
how much had he lost?"
mrs mallison's hands twitched, she clasped them tightly upon her knee.
it's too early yet to be sure.
mrmaitland will make enquiries...  i knew he had been selling out shares.
i thought it was to reinvest in some better security.
papa was alwaysclose about business.
if he speculated with the principal, and it hasgone, it will be"--the hands jerked once more--"ruin!"
"you will have five hundred a year, mother," mary said quietly.
"teresawill marry, and you and i--we can be quite comfortable on five hundred ayear."
mrs mallison's eyes shot out a sideways glance, and beheld before herthe mary of old, seated with bowed back and bowed head in her old chairin the corner by the fire-place, and the year that had passed rolledfrom her memory like a worrying dream.
"of course," she said briskly, "we must remove.
there will be nonecessity for so many rooms.
if we put out the washing we can managequite nicely with one maid, and you to assist in the mornings.
afterbeing idle for so long, you will enjoy making yourself of use."
"i think i shall," said mary.
and she meant it.
the maid brought in the tray at that moment, the subject was necessarilydropped.
probably a fortune of ten thousand pounds has never changedhands so swiftly and silently!
from that hour to the day of her death,mrs mallison showed no sign of realising that she was living on herdaughter's money, not her own.
the tea was poured out, the muffin was brought in, piping hot, under itssilver cover, before teresa made her appearance, and mary, staring withblank eyes at a tall, thin girl, with pale cheeks and listless eyes,felt that this was not the teresa of yore, but a stranger with whom shehad no acquaintance.
the sisters embraced, in silence, and with a listlessness as pronouncedon one side as the other.
there was no sign in teresa's manner of theremorseful affection which her letter had expressed.
said mary to herself, and her eyes strayed to her sister's lefthand.
the flash of diamonds showed that there was no avowed breach withdane, though the mystery of the deferred marriage was still to besolved.
mary found no clue thereto in her mother's continued monologue,though it was discursive enough to take in the whole countryside.
"teresa will be glad to have you back--so much to do...  the bell hasbeen ringing all day long.
a wreath of lilies from thecourt.
and there will be the cards...  we shall have to draw one out.
there _were_ no kind enquiries, so we can't thank for them.
it was sosudden; only a few minutes.
he called out for me--i went to him, andheld his poor head.
teresa said i was kind.
of course i was kind!
hecalled me `margaret,' and then--in a minute... wasn't it only a minute,teresa?
he was gone!...
the shock was toomuch...  `mrs and the misses mallison return warm thanks for kindsympathy in their sad and sudden bereavement,' something like that...they have a book at the stationer's, with a selection drawn out.
i'veseen them at the end of the christmas mottoes.
we'll telephone...  thevicar will be in again presently.
he enquired for you,mary.
i said we had wired.
he felt quite sure you would come.
mrsevans sent a cross.
mrs beverley's were coloured.
pale pink roses,and a note with them.
very feeling, i must say.
being an orphanherself, she can understand.
only cards from the court.
we've seennothing of them this last year.
the squire's mother died, so they don'tentertain, and lady cassandra and mrs beverley are always together.
ofcourse, as i tell teresa, she's so much younger.
teresa is lookingthinner, mary, isn't she?
you haven't altered, my dear.
isee no difference.
i thought perhaps you'd have changed your hair.--no!
papa didn't speak of you specially; he hadn't time, but he spoke of hischildren,--something about ruining me and the children--he thought ofus, not himself.
i said to him, whatever he had done, he had done itfor the best.
mr hunter said the same thing this morning.
he came into offer to help.
he is looking after the--er,... arranging forthursday.
quite simple, i told him, but _good_.
i could not bear toskimp for papa.
the dressmaker's coming at six..."  her face quiveredand a stray tear rolled slowly down her cheek.
"he looks sopeaceful!...
afterwards--you must come up..."mary shrank.
she did not want to see the still, changed effigy of whathad been; she wanted to remember her father as the quiet man who hadkissed her on the doorstep, and said: "my dear, i hope you may have apleasant time," but she had not the courage to refuse.
she lookedappealingly at teresa, and saw a sudden wave of feeling sweep over thepale face.
from without came the sound of wheels, a heavy, lumberingsound which to chumley ears announced the advent of one of the venerablestation flies.
the next moment the bell rang, and a man's footstep washeard in the hall.
murmured mrs mallison, but mary knewit was not the vicar; the look on her sister's face announced too surelythe name of the new-comer.
there came a pause, while the new maid was escorting the visitor intothe drawing-room, and came back to announce his name.
teresa took the words out of her mother's mouth.
"ask him to come here."
she rose from her seat, and stood waiting, so calm, so dignified, soarresting in her slim young pallor, that mrs mallison's reproaches diedon her lips.
she rose in her turn, and stood beside her daughter withan unconscious air of protection, and then dane entered, and thelong-dreaded, long-prayed-for meeting had taken place.
he came forward, eager, sympathetic, his own embarrassment forgotten inaffectionate concern.
looking at him as he entered, one divined thathis impulse was to kiss and caress, as he had been accustomed to do inthe early days of his engagement, but that impulse received a check atthe sight of the two waiting figures,--mrs mallison in her widow'strappings, and beside her, the white silent girl.
dane shared mary'sdazed feeling of meeting a stranger, as he shook teresa's limp hand,which yet had strength enough to hold him at arm's length.
he heard hervoice enquiring as to the comfort of his journey, offering him tea andcakes; there was in it a note of detachment which he had never beforeheard when she was addressing himself.
as he drank his tea, and listened to the hum of mrs mallison'sreiterated reminiscences, dane was conscious of a feeling of flatnessand disappointment.
the year's absence from chumley had wrought theinevitable result.
he loved cassandra none the less, but the eyes thathad been blinded by passion could now discern that he had been savedfrom a great wrong, and if life still appeared grey and barren, heacknowledged that he had escaped the harder fate of attaining his desireat the cost of bitterness of soul.
and throughout the months ofstruggle, this girl's tenderness had enveloped him, an unfalteringtenderness, undaunted by neglect.
it was only during the last fewmonths that dane had begun to realise the healing quality of thattenderness, to count the days until the arrival of the weekly letter, tofind himself mentally repeating its phrases; slowly, but surely, hiswounded heart had been opening to take comfort in teresa's love, andwhen suddenly she was plunged into trouble, he had hurried to her, witha genuine impulse of tenderness.
in imagination he had seen her facelighten with joy, had felt her arms around his neck.--it was the moststartling thing in the world to find teresa _cold_!
when tea was over mary lifted her gloves and veil murmuring someunintelligible words, whereupon teresa rose so quickly as to give theidea that she was glad of the excuse.
"i will come with you!
your room is not quite ready.
you must come tomine."
she turned to dane holding out her hand with a flickering smile.
"you will excuse me, dane.
we are so busy...  the vicar is coming inlater, and mr hunter, and the dressmaker...  there's so much to bedone...  we will see you again?"
she turned away, without waiting for a reply, and dane reseated himselfin silence.
to say that he was surprised, but feebly expresses hissentiments; he was stunned, he could hardly persuade himself that he hadheard aright.
he looked eagerly at mrs mallison, seeking a clue fromher, and beheld a kindred surprise, mingled with an unmistakablecomplacence.
obviously the mother approved of her daughter's reserve,and felt a natural satisfaction in his rebuff, but before the silencehad continued long enough to become awkward, she remembered her dutiesas hostess, and vouchsafed an explanation:"mary arrived just before tea...  they have not seen each other for ayear.--so much has happened...""of course.
just so...  i quite understand," dane said vaguely.
then,after a moment's pause, "teresa looks thin!"
he added anxiously.
"thishas been a great shock to her."
mrs mallison said.
just the one word, yet dane found himselfflushing guiltily, and realising that he was _meant_ to realise that noshock, however great, could alter a girl's physique, as teresa hadaltered since he had seen her last.
he dropped the subject, and triedanother.
"i came as quickly as i could after getting the news.
i hoped i mightbe in time to help.
what arrangements,... can i help you to makearrangements?"
"thank you very much, but everything is settled.
mr hunter is lookingafter everything.
i expect him this evening to talk over details.
theday after to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
will it be possible for you tostay?"
again dane was conscious of shock, followed by a pang of somethingcuriously like irritation.
how did hunter come to be on suchintimate terms?
then he remembered that hunter was a doctor, and felt arising of spirits.
hunter had been inattendance.
"of course i shall stay.
i hope i may be of some use to you later, on.
i'm glad you had someone on the spot.
hunter is the young doctor, isn'the?
extraordinarily kind, these doctor fellows on occasions likethese!"
"m-yes," said mrs mallison once more, and there rose before dane's eyesa picture of teresa, in a white dress, dispensing garden tea, with atall young figure assiduously waiting upon her.
once more he realisedthat that "m-yes!"
was meant to imply that more than mere professionalinterest was at stake.
the sound of a bell jingled through the quiet house, and dane rose fromhis chair.
of old he had been as a son in this house, treated withaffection and familiarity, but at this moment he felt an intruder, whosepresence was merely an inconvenience, taking up time which should havebeen bestowed elsewhere.
he held out his hand, and said:"at what hour to-morrow will it be most convenient for me to call to seeteresa?"
"i will ask her," mrs mallison said, and left the room, to return withastonishing quickness.
evidently there had been no hesitation about thereply; evidently also the maternal judgment approved.
"teresa says she will be glad if you will excuse her to-morrow.
thereis so much to do.
she would rather leave her own affairs until afterthe funeral.
perhaps you will come in to tea on thursday."
i will come in after tea.
about five o'clock.
i amstaying at the hotel.
please let me know if there is anything i cando."
he kept his voice resolutely controlled, but his anger showed insparkling eye, and a rising of colour over cheek and brow.
mrsmallison regarded these signs with a natural satisfaction.
it was notin feminine human nature to resist one parting thrust.
"one day," she said suavely, "cannot matter, when you have waited solong!"
dane awoke next morning to face a long and difficult day.
idle hoursare proverbially dedicated to temptation, and despite many resolutionshis thoughts drifted continually towards cassandra, continuallyemphasised her nearness, and dallied with the possibility of a meeting.
he swore that such a meeting should not be his own doing, but what ifchance brought it about?
for some moments he permitted himself to envisage possibilities, thensternly called himself to order.
teresa in sorrow demanded an undividedloyalty; her tenderness during the past year riveted her claims.
hedetermined to telephone to the squire, apologise for his own inabilityto call at the court, and try to arrange a meeting in town, but half anhour later as he stood on the step of the hotel, he saw the familiardog-cart driving towards him, and heard himself hailed in loud,well-known tones.
heard you were here.
drove round to say how d'youdo."
the squire gave the reins to the groom.
"i'll come inside andhave a smoke...  poor old fellow went off in a hurry, eh?
s'pose youare staying over the funeral?"
till friday morning.
i'm glad you called.
i was going to ringyou up, and explain that i should have no time to pay calls...""no.
of course not.
son of the house; you'll have the whole showon your hands.
and teresa, eh?
bit of lost time to make up, what?
thought you were never going to turn up again...  you know your ownbusiness best, of course...""i do," dane said firmly, but the squire was not sensitive to rebuffs.
--he said slowly--"that is as it may be.
all the same, if youleave things much longer, and she falls to pieces as she's been doinglately, there'll be no teresa left...  bad business this money trouble!
who would have thought that solemn old buffer could have been such agiddy owl?"
dane sat, unlighted cigarette in hand, gazing at him in dismay.
"what money trouble?"
"mean to say you don't _know_?
they didn't tell you?"
"not a word.
money was not mentioned."
the squire cocked a suspicious eyebrow.
"_very_ odd,considering your position.
evans told me.
no secret about it.
it'sover the whole place.
the old man had been selling out shares, andreinvesting under the advice of some unprincipled scoundrel.
the oldstory--a huge fraud, got up for the special benefit of rural investors,ten per cent, interest, paid once; and then--smash!
the poor old fellowgot the news at the breakfast table, called out to his wife that he wasruined, and fizzled up, then and there.
had a stroke, and died in herarms.
far as evans understands there'll be nothing left for 'em but atwopenny pension."
dane was silent, digesting the startling news.
the _menage_ at thecottage had suggested a comfortable, if modest income; in the oneofficial interview which he had had with the major, he had been informedthat teresa would eventually inherit some seven or eight thousandpounds.
now, by all accounts, the prospective fortune had vanished, andshe was left penniless, dependent on--?
the answer to thatquestion came in a rush of tender understanding.
poor, poor, littlegirl!
was _this_ the reason of her coldness?
did she fear that a senseof duty would urge him to a marriage from which his heart still shrank?
poor, proud, little girl!
while she had something to give, she couldplead her own cause, but a penniless teresa would accept no favour.
onthe whole the news of the major's losses brought dane more relief thansorrow.
it solved the mystery of his chilling reception.
bad business--bad business," soliloquised the squire.
"eldest daughter came in for a bit of money, but she's kicked over thetraces...  rather a pill for her to settle down again with the oldwoman,--what?
of course, you can look after teresa...""i can," dane said.
after a moment's pause he continued deliberately.
"i shall arrange for our marriage to take place as early as possible.
mrs mallison may have conventional scruples... she probably will, butshe'll have to give way.
i can't stay longer than friday, and i mustget things settled before i leave."
he rose, and straightened hisshoulders with the air of a man throwing off a weight.
"you--er--youwill tell lady cassandra my plans, and explain to her that my time is solimited that i--er--""certainly.
she wouldn't expect it, my dear man.
as amatter of fact she and mrs beverley are off in town for the day,--frock-hunting, i believe.
they're always at it.
ripping little woman,mrs beverley!
lots of fun, but plenty of common sense tucked awayinside.
been a regular godsend to cassandra...""lady cassandra is quite well?"
the squire protruded his under lip.
had a bit of abreakdown in autumn.
we had a hard time of it, after you left.
my oldmater had a stroke, and we were down in devonshire looking after her fora couple of months.
she got on like a house on fire: helpless, youknow--couldn't stir out of bed, but keen as a needle, took in all thatwas going on.
cassandra nursed her."
the squire flicked the ash from his cigarette with a ruminating air.
"rum things, women!
hated each other like poison, those two.
that's tosay the mater hated cass; jealous, because she was my wife.
cass didn'thate her... too much trouble.
she was simply bored.
she's given tobeing bored; you know that.
she's bored with your teresa.
grizel's thepassion nowadays.
grizel is always perfect.
but she was good to theold mater.
nursed her like a brick, and the old mater lay there by thehour staring at cass.
the last words she spoke to me,--did i tell youshe had a third stroke, and died suddenly, just as we were cominghome?--her last words were about cass.
thought she needed lookingafter, ... cheering up.--it was a great comfort to me, peignton, thatthe old mater and cass were on good terms at the last!"
"i am quite sure it was," dane said sincerely.
he was trying to banisha picture that rose before him, of the paralysed old woman with the deadbody, and the live eyes that watched, hour after hour, the beautifultragic face of her son's wife.
how much had the old mater seen?
howmuch had she divined?
the next morning dane stood by teresa's side in the graveyard of the oldchurch, and drove back to the cottage by her side.
in the afternoon hepaid a second visit, and found the vicar and his wife drinking tea withthe mourners.
the two girls were silent and self-contained, but theemotions of the day had had an exciting effect on mrs mallison'snerves, with the gruesome result that she appeared to be in the highestof spirits.
her voluble tongue discussed times past, present, and tocome, and very pointedly she gave her hearers to understand that nocondolences were necessary on the score of poverty.
"we shall give up the cottage--it is unnecessarily large now that papa'stwo rooms will be empty.
is there any chance of oak lea falling vacant,mrs evans?
that's the kind of house that would suit us, wouldn't it,mary?
two nice sitting-rooms, three or four bedrooms, and not too muchgarden to manage with a man once a week.
i should like to keep on thecart.
so useful for paying calls at a distance.
there _is_ a smallstable at oak lea, i think?
i shall quite enjoya small, compact house.
mary and i don't need much space.
teresa sayswe are not to count on her."
everyone looked at teresa, and teresa stared fixedly at her cup.
not atinge of colour stole into her cheek.
when the vicar rose to leave, his wife slipped her hand through mary'sarm, and led her across the hall into the dining-room.
at such a timeit was natural that there should be "private words" and no one exhibitedany surprise.
mrs evans closed the door behind her, and held mary'shand in a firm, motherly grasp.
"mary, dear--i am a very old friend,--may i give you a word of advice?
in these days of grief and emotion, don't be tempted into making plans,which you may regret later on.
wait until you have had time toconsider."
"thank you, mrs evans, but what is there to consider?
if mother has nomoney, what can i possibly do but give her mine?"
"you must share it with her, of course; no right-minded daughter coulddo less.
but--there are different ways of doing it, mary, dear!
it isyour own money.
you ought to reserve to yourself the right to decide,and to order your own life."
but mary shook her head.
"you don't know mother.
there would be no peace.
i'll leave itto her to do as she likes.
i've had my fling, mrs evans, a whole yearof being alone, and free to do as i liked.
i--i was very lonely.
ishan't be altogether sorry..."mrs evans was silent, her keen eyes fixed upon mary's face searchingfor some sign of change or growth, but there was none to be seen.
thevagrant year had come and gone, and had left no mark.
its end found herprepared to settle down into her old attitude of dumb submission, "notaltogether sorry!"
mrs evans kissed her silently, and said no more.
in the drawing-room dane and teresa faced each other across the teatable.
at last they were alone, safe from interruption.
as the doorshut behind the departing guests dane held out his arm with a gesture ofinvitation, but teresa shook her head, holding him off with a liftedhand.
there is so much to be said.--sit down, dane.
ihope you didn't think me unkind not seeing you yesterday.
it has been such a shock.
i had to think things out.
the moneyquestion alters everything.
there has not been time to go into businessmatters, but from all we have heard, from what the letter said, it seemsthat this loss was the last of a series.
he must havesuffered horribly, but he said nothing; only speculated more wildly thanever, hoping to put things straight.
it's a mercy mary has her money.
she will look after mother.
it's her duty, but i am different.
i couldnever live on mary."
she raised her voice, silencing the words ondanes' tongue.
"i have told them that i shall look after myself."
"i shan't let you do that!
dear, i have only been waiting till you gaveme a chance of speaking.
as soon as it can possibly be arranged wemust--"but again teresa's voice interrupted, hastily drowning his own.
you must wait.
i'll tell you my plans, but first,there's something i must give you back."
to his dismay he saw her drawthe diamond circlet from her finger; she held it towards him on an openpalm.
her lips twisted in a painful effort at a smile.
"you wanted tohave it a year ago, and i refused.
i must have seemed very bold.
ihave often wondered since how i could have brought myself to do it.
iwas thinking of myself, of course.
i don't deny it.
i could not bearto give you up, and i hated the thought of the gossip, and the sympathy,and the staring eyes.
it hurt my pride to think of being jilted, wheni'd been so proud...  but most of all--_most_ of all, i thought of you!
tell me one thing!
it would help me to know...  has it been anyhelp having my letters this year?
did being engaged to me--as much aswe were engaged--make things better or worse?
were you one little scrapless lonely because i cared?"
dane had refused to take the ring.
it was still lying on teresa's palm.
he stood over her, very pale, very drawn, his eyes gazing unfalteringlyinto her own.
"teresa, you have saved me!
if it had not been for you i should havetaken my life.
you have been an angel of patience.
it has been yoursweetness which saved me from despair.
i have taken everything from youin my own trouble, and now, when i am cured, when you have cured me, youwant me no more!
what about those reasons that influenced you lastyear?
don't they still exist?
have you grown tired of me, teresa?"
she shook her head, refusing to reply.
"god knows it would be no wonder if you had; not one girl in a thousandwould have had your forbearance.
and--those other reasons?
have yououtgrown your fear of what people may say?"
"no, i haven't.
i'm afraid i never shall.
but,--it's over, you see,"teresa said quickly.
"it _has_ happened.
a whole year has passed,dane, and you have never once been to see me.
chumley has been sorryfor me for months; it _expects_ me to be jilted.
you need not worryabout my sufferings in that respect.
the worst is over...  besides, ihave no intention of staying in chumley."
dane muttered a furious word, controlled himself, and put anotherquestion.
"what exactly is your intention, teresa?"
"i shall take up some work.
girls always say that, and people laugh.
idon't mind if they do.
they won't laugh long.
i shall succeed.
i amthe sort of person who does succeed.
i like work, and i like to do itwell...  for two or three years i shall work hard,--so hard that i shallhave no time to think..."she stopped, leaving the effect of an unfinished sentence, but dane hadno difficulty in divining her thoughts.
the sting of jealousy addedforce to the impulses which swept him forward to her side.
this time heignored her protests, seizing her hands and drawing her close, until herface touched his own.
"we're talking nonsense, we're talking nonsense, little girl!
what dowe care what people say?
what does it matter what the whole worldchooses to believe?
you belong to me, and i'm not going to give you up!
you've had your own way; now it's my turn.
you are not going to have achance of succeeding at anything, except at being my wife!
marry me,dear girl, marry me quickly!
i need you badly."
teresa did not stir.
seen close at hand, her face looked fair, andsweet, and young, but pitifully sad.
in the blue eyes there was thesame sadness, and the sound of his eager words seemed but to deepen thepain.
she had an air of waiting with all her being for the sound ofsomething that had not come.
dane looked into her eyes, and understood.
still with his arms around her he pressed her into a chair, and knelton the floor at her feet.
have i always told you the truth?"
she gave a startled look, but answered unhesitatingly "yes!"
"you can trust me to say just what is in my heart?"
she nodded slightly, motionless in his grasp.
"teresa, darling," said dane softly, "i love you truly.
i love you witha full heart.
it isn't remorse, and it isn't pity, and it isn'tfriendship... it's love, teresa!
look in my eyes, and see if i amspeaking the truth?"
but she had no need to look; the music of love was in his voice, and,god knew, she was hungry to be convinced.
a year's suffering hadcarried her beyond the point of finding content in mere possession, butthe knowledge of dane's love was a salve which healed all wounds.
the"something fine" in teresa's nature showed itself at this moment in agenerosity of reticence infinitely endearing to the masculine mind.
dane waited shrinkingly to hear cassandra's name, but he waited in vain.
teresa asked no questions, demanded no vows,--all that was past, it wasburied for ever out of mind, at the moment when for the second time shepromised herself to dane peignton and felt his kiss of betrothal on herlips.
teresa's marriage was arranged for the following august, a month whichmrs mallison appeared to believe was clearly appointed by providence.
three months was the shortest interval which could respectably elapsebetween a funeral and a wedding: three months, taken in conjunction withthe date of half-yearly sales, was the period necessary for thepreparation of a trousseau; quarter-day falling in september, therewould be time to prepare for a removal after the wedding was over.
itmust be a quiet wedding, of course, very quiet, but _white_.
certainlyteresa must have a white wedding.
it had been talked of so much, heryoung friends had been asked to be bridesmaids.
papa would not haveliked a hole-and-corner affair.
papa dead was an even more convenientjorkins than papa living, and, to judge from his widow's reminiscences,would seem to have entertained strong opinions concerning the weddingsof young girls.
simple, of course; quite simple, but a white dress_and_ bridesmaids, _and_ an assemblage of friends.
so sweet to besurrounded by loving hearts!
and a cold collation.
handed round _after_ the tea and coffee.
two or three bottles would beample.
"teresa," said the widow beaming, "will look beautiful incharmeuse!"
peignton, like every other prospective bridegroom, would have preferredto be married in an empty church, but teresa sparkled at the prospect ofrecovering her prestige in the eyes of the neighbourhood, and it was notfor him to refuse her the satisfaction.
the day after the funeral peignton left chumley.
teresa took it forgranted that he would not return until the date of the wedding, but itwas arranged that during the interval she should procure the chaperonageof a married friend, and pay a week's visit to her future home, whensuch important questions as carpets and wall-papers could be discussed.
"we won't be in a hurry to furnish the whole house.
we'll start withjust what is necessary, and amuse ourselves with picking up thesuperfluities one by one.
it will be jolly collecting treasures on ourhoneymoon.
if we go off the beaten route, we shall find lots of happyhunting grounds.
it will give the sticks an added value to remember howwe bought them,--eh, little girl?"
peignton said, smiling.
theold-time interest in the prospect of introducing teresa to the beautiesof new lands was struggling into new life.
the prospect of a homegained hourly in sweetness.
during the next few days the chumley matrons garbed themselves in black,and, with discreetly lengthened visages, repaired to the cottage onvisits of condolence, to emerge half an hour or so later, considerablyshocked and bewildered.
they were prepared to mourn with a widow forthe loss her husband; with a householder for the loss of income, with amother whose daughter was neglected by her lover--they beheld instead acomplacent personage in weeds, shedding a dutiful tear for "papa," andhastily whisking it away at the remembrance of "many blessings."
"so much to be thankful for!
mary home, and so useful.
taken up herold duties, and dear little trissie so happy!
the captain, _devoted_.
his house to be done up, regardless of expense.
the marriage in august.
quiet of course, but white.
just," the widow declared with a sigh, "aspapa had planned!"
on the subject of finance the good lady was equally complacent.
"therehad been losses... poor papa had been ill-advised, but if income were tobe reduced, so, most appropriately, would be expenses also.
no one butmary and myself to think of.
between you and me," said mrs mallison toeach visitor in turn, "i believe we shall feel quite rich!"
grizel beverley delivered a spirited account of her own interview withthe widow for the benefit of cassandra on her first subsequent visit tothe court.
she thought it probable that rumour had already carried theannouncement of the marriage, but preferred to make sure of this inindirect fashion, rather than by an open question.
"oh, she is a wonderful woman, is mrs mallison," she quotedmischievously.
"the vicar says she is bearing up wonderfully, _i_ sayshe is having the time of her life.
notices in the paper, references inchurch, flocks of callers, everyone talking about her,--what could shewish for more?
she looks so imposing, too, in her bombazines.
have youthe slightest idea what bombazines are?
neither have i, but you maytake my word for it--she's got 'em!
poor papa is quite a usefulstalking horse, and has a tear dropped to his memory, before she entersupon the _real_ subject of interest."
"i know," cassandra said quietly, "teresa's marriage.
it's arranged foraugust, i hear.
i knew it must be.
teresa's not the sort of girl tolive on her sister's income, and dane couldn't,--after all this time, hecouldn't let her turn out to work!"
she sat silent for a few minutes,her eyes gazing sightlessly over the terraced gardens.
"so at longlast, this is the end, grizel!"
"and at long last--are you still sorry, cassandra?"
sighed cassandra slowly.
"in one way i shall bealmost glad when the strain is over.
i've come to see that, for him,it's the best way out.
he wasn't made to live alone.
she will make himhappy--not so happy as i could have done, but he has wasted enough time,and it's useless waiting on...  oh, he will patch up his life, grizel.--it will be all new--so many interests cropping up.--he won't have timeto think.
and i shall settle down better when it's all over.
teresa'shusband won't be my dane!
...  my poor little love story!
it had a veryshort course.--i wonder if any other married woman ever loved so wiselyand so well!"
grizel made an eloquent gesture.
do you suppose you are the only woman who hasmet the right man too late?
do you suppose you are the only woman whohas the decency to keep to her bond?
there are thousands of them!
youmeet them in every street.
but they are silent.
it's the _other_ womenyou hear of,--the women who fill the divorce courts; the women who_don't_ stay at home, and do their duty...""as i am doing mine!"
sighed cassandra again.
then suddenly the colourflew to her face.
"there's one thing, grizel, that i cannot face, andthat is being here for the marriage.
think of the fuss and commotion--all the town agog, flags out of the windows, the church bells ringing...they'll ring them at beston, too, at his old church...
grizel.--icould not endure those bells."
"you won't hear them.
we're going away.
i've planned it all, andyou've nothing to do but to obey.
i'm going to have a nervousbreakdown," announced grizel, with a smirk.
"poor young wife!
ordered abroad, and her husband absolutely _tied_ at home: obliged tofinish a book.
lady cassandra has taken her.
some sort of retreat,they say.
sounds very suspicious,--but she always _was_ excitable!
pitiful for him, poor man!
his _second_ wife!"
how can you?"
in spite of herself cassandra was laughing now.
"but you are a darling.
it would be salvation.
if i were at home ishould be obliged to go to the wedding, which would be torture formyself, and they would be happier without me!
oh, let us go, do let usgo!
i'd be so thankful...""we _are_ going.
there's no doubt about that, but it's as well to beprepared for emergencies.
do you think the squire will object."
he'll be quite pleased.
i have an idea, grizel, thathis mother said something to him about me before she died.
she knew iwas unhappy, i could see it in her eyes, and ever since he has beenmore,--how shall i put it?--not affectionate, that's over,--more_human_, shall we say?
he doesn't take me _quite_ so much for granted.
it occasionally enters his head that i'm not very strong.
he would bequite willing for me to have a change, even without the excuse of yourbreakdown.
poor young wife!
...  and where is the retreat?"
it's a convent, my dear, where they take afew _pensionnaires_, but i'll arrange that there shall be no one therebut ourselves.
i've been before when i needed a rest,--not the bodily_i_, but the other bit, whatever you choose to call it, the bit that_feels_!
being a good protestant i should logically hate convents.
asa solid fact, i get more good in this particular one than anywhere elsein the world.
the nuns are so sweet; they have such selfless,crystalline, child-hearts.
after you have been with them a few days,some of their calm begins to steal into your own heart, and the fret todie out.
you feel such a long, long way from the outside world, thatyou look at everything from a new perspective.
it came upon me withquite a shock that all my trouble had been about myself!
...  my ownwaiting, my own loss.
but these sweet things have buried self...  oh,it does one good, cassandra, and the regular spartan life, the barefloors, the exquisite, exquisite, cleanliness,--it's all a tonic and aninspiration.
it's not dull either; don't think that it's dull!
i takemy prettiest clothes, and an assortment of selected jokes.
they love'em, the dear things!
i believe they love me too."
"i'm quite sure of that."
grizel smirked complacently, "so am i.  to tell you the truthi'm a tonic to them, so i give as much as i take.
they do me good, andi shock them, so we're both happy.
the reverend mother once felt it herduty to reprove me, but her eyes danced, so i went steadfastly on, anddid it again."
"and the services?
do you go to the services too?"
"of course, and enjoy them so much that they have fond hopes ofconverting me altogether.
they won't; but that's a detail.
thankgoodness, i am so constituted that it's always the similarity betweencreeds that strikes me, never the difference, so i find help in themall...  we'll allow a month for the convent,--i can't decently recoverfrom a nervous breakdown in less than a month,--but we'll take a fewdays off now and then for excursions in the neighbourhood, and _then_,darling, we come home by paris!
food for the spirit, and food for theflesh...  _nothing_ is more reviving than a becoming hat.
we'll buyhats, cassandra, and be blowed to expense...  what's the very most youhave ever spent on a hat?"
"i never have told, and i never will," cassandra said firmly, "but ithad a real lace veil."
she sighed with melancholy resignation.
"somehow, grizel, even hats lose their savour, when there's no one tocare...""rubbish!"
cried grizel tersely, "and you know it.
a woman buys hats toplease herself.
half the time her husband calls them `the limit'!
andher friends wonder how she _can_, but so long as she and the mirror areagreed, it doesn't make a rap of difference.
she wears it to the end...cassandra, darling, i feel it in my bones that i'm going to find thehat of my life!
oughtn't we to be dreadfully thankful that we go in fordifferent styles?
all would be over between us, if we fell in love withthe same model!"
grizel came slowly down the long, straight path leading from the conventto the orchard wall, which marked the boundary of the grounds.
it was ahigh wall rising some eight or ten feet above the path, and serving as asupport for fruit trees, but at the farther end a sloping gangway ofgrass led to a terraced walk from which a view could be obtained overthe low-lying country stretching towards the sea.
on the terrace stoodcassandra, her white figure strongly outlined against the blue of theskies.
she turned at her friend's approach, and beheld that in grizel'seyes which startled her into attention.
"you have something to tell me?"
"what is it, grizel?"
"it is a confession.
i have told you a lie...  i told it deliberately,for your own good."
"what did you tell me?"
"i said that the wedding day was to be on the twenty-fifth.
that wouldbe next wednesday."
"that was the lie!
i told you the wrong date.
they were married on thetenth,--twelve days ago.
it is all over.
the meeting is over, theceremony is over, the honeymoon is nearly over too.
they will soon bethinking of going home."
cassandra looked at her, and the blood rushed over her face.
a tremorpassed over it, of shock, of anguish, of incredulous surprise.
her lipsquivered, and the fingers of her hands interlaced till the musclesshowed white beneath skin.
she asked no more questions, and grizelstood by her side, watching in silence for the first sight of that whichwas to be her reward.
she waited many minutes, but it came at last,shining forth more and more strongly as the shock and the pain losttheir keenness,--a look of relief!
cassandra's shoulders heaved, she drew a long, fluttering breath, andher eyes grew moist with tears.
"oh, thank god.
i have been dreading, how i have beendreading...  grizel, grizel, if you only knew--""i _did_ know!
every minute of the day you would have been with them,--following them, seeing, imagining, _hearing_, torturing yourself,squandering your strength!
my dear, i am a woman too!
i did know.
soi lied, and the day passed by in peace, here with the dear nuns, and youknew nothing--nothing!"
cried cassandra again.
"it was a blessed lie.
i shall bethankful to you all my life for what it spared me, grizel.
it's aweight rolled off."
she stood silent, with drawn brows, nerving herself to the new facts.
dane a husband.
dane happy with his girl wife.
for he_would_ be happy.
cassandra realised that fact, and the acknowledgmentbrought with it, not joy, but at least a chastened relief.
he wouldnever altogether forget the woman who had been his ideal mate, but as asane, honest man he would thrust the thought of her farther and fartherinto the background, while the tendrils of affection would twine moreclosely round wife and child.
teresa had been brave and patient; nowshe would have her reward.
the husband of the future would be more herlover than the bridegroom of to-day.
cassandra leant her arms on the low walls, and gazed over the countrybeneath.
all was flat, and bare, and uninteresting, one square meadowsucceeding another, divided by the same dwarfed line of hedgeway; amonotonous outlook, beautified only where the sun lent the glory ofcolour.
"and so," said cassandra slowly, "it all ends!
...  i waited for a bigthing to fill my heart, and it came, and was more wonderful, morebeautiful, than i had ever imagined...  and it passed, and i am left togo on.
all my life is before me, but the big thing has passed.
it doesn't seem possible that it should all be over...""you are thirty-two, cassandra.
the big things of life are not all overat thirty-two."
cassandra sighed sharply.
"so you say--so you say...  you are thinking of the future, of longyears ahead, but i have to face life to-day; to walk along a flat, dullroad, and leave the sunshine behind."
she flung out her arms towardsthe country below.
"look at it, grizel!
my lot lies there.
and i'vebeen on the heights!"
"you are thirty-two, cassandra," grizel said.
"the heights are not allover at thirty-two."
but again cassandra refused the comfort.
"oh, of all the things that might have happened to me, this was the lastthat i expected--to have come through so much,--to have loved, and beenloved, to have fought and won, and to be left with--_nothing_!
nochange, no difference.
that seems just the hardest ending of all!
ifthere had been a big upheaval, and outside things had changed to match,even if it had been for the worse, it would be easier than to go back,--a woman whose whole nature has been revolutionised,--and fit oneselfinto the same narrow groove, knowing that the page is turned for ever,and that there is no more hope."
"you are thirty-two, cassandra," grizel said a third time.
"no pagesare turned for ever at thirty-two."
"but, oh, grizel, grizel, when you read of these things happening topeople in books, there is always _something_ tangible to take hold of...it may be tragedy, or it may be joy, but at least there is _something_to mark the difference, and i have nothing, but a memory which i musttry to kill...  there's no poetry in it, grizel, there's no romance.
"no," sighed grizel softly.
